{"review": "just had a haircut with halsey and finally i found a stylist who knows what to do with my hair ! it was exactly what i 've been looking for about 2 years now and although it was a bit pricey ( $ 50 ) it was definitely worth it . halsey 's a down to earth guy , adds in humour to his work and gets it done fast , exactly what i was looking for ! this fiorio looks really nice too with the 3 floors and all , i 'm pretty impressed . i was in and out pretty fast and got exactly what i wanted including the service fiorio is known for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just finished my blow dry for my christmas party at fiorio with christine . what a disaster ! crumpled , frizzy . i asked for something so simple , volume with a wave and what i got are chunks of crumpled hair . i kept telling her what to do and i was obviously unhappy to which she said i 'm just not used to it ? ! by the time i was checking out i was literally sobbing . no one offered to fix it or no charge . this is for my christmas party in 2 hours ... i have no time to fix this , so $ 40 later i will be wearing my hair up . never again , stay away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is both profession and friendly . i 've been there twice . i work in the downtown financial district so having a decent haircut is important . it cost me $ 30 for a level 1 stylist & $ 35 for a level 2 stylist but they were both very good . after my disastrous experience at barber 's chair in fairview mall , i am going back to fiorio . thank you for reading my review .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect if you 're looking for a light , quick , and delicious breakfast . their omelettes are wonderful and the guy who runs the place is super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great little find near old montreal . pleasant and friendly staff ( who also speak english ) and great ambience . their breakfast is fresh made and ample . excellent coffee too ! there are awesome sandwiches and other tasty pastries to take along as you tour the old city . i 'd highly recommend this place ! .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a double shot macchiato whilst sitting in the winter sun that was streaming in the window . nice slice of chocolate cake . wish these places would open earlier in the day but notice that later opening hours seem to be more common in montreal . that is you ca n't just pop in for a coffee first thing morning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mother and i got the salmon with lox and it was delicious . their sweets and cappuccinos are good as well . very cute atmosphere would definitely come back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent hotel conveniently located near the saint laurent metro station , chinatown and the old city . it was my first time at the hotel faubourg and i was given a free upgrade upon signing in which included a separate bedroom , living room , small balcony , two tv 's , small kitchenette , micro wave , stove top and full size refrigerator . the rooms and bathroom were very clean and house keeping did a very nice job during my two day stay . this was the best value and one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at in montreal only $ 60 night incl . taxes and included a hot breakfast each morning . indoor parking was $ 18cad dy . or $ 27 us for 48 hrs nearby , try getting that in boston or nyc.the cad vs us dollar exchange rate is the best i 've seen in years so this stay was an exceptional value and the hotel faubourg is truly a gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say this is a good place to stay in montreal.if you read some of the reviews ontripadvisor , you 're apt to think it 's a helhole -- not.it 's reasonably priced.it has a garage down in the basement.the rooms are huge and have refrigerators and microwaves.it 's comfortable.it 's convenient.you are near several subway stops.you are next to chinatown which means you are a short walk from old montreal.an iga supermarket is right up the street in desjardins on rene levesque.you are near st denis and st laurent and the stores and restaurants on those streets , st catherine is around the block -- which granted is a little shaky in this area.breakfast is included and is n't bad.it 's well priced.i 'd go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's clean , friendly , and very nicely located . the free breakfast is surprisingly bountiful and varied , which was nice . the wifi is so slow as to be unusable . a shame , but i suppose you 're not in montreal to surf the web . the gym is fine for those looking for a quick workout although having a water fountain in there would be nice . overall a great value and a nice place to stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dated rooms and not very clean . spacious rooms and good location . people at the front desk are friendly and we 're quick to respond to any concern i had .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a friend booked us here for a weekend . not somewhere we would normally stay . the location is convenient , the rooms are cheap , they have parking . staff is friendly . kitchenette in rooms have literally nothing in the cabinets . the pull out couch we slept on was one of the worst . the carpets are stained , as are the couch cushions . the phone was dead when we arrived but they fixed it immediately . the free breakfast has a lot , but it was ... . meh . the place needs some tlc but if you are looking for a cheap and conveniently located place in montreal this is it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give this company no stars , i would . # rylandhomes is now # catlantic . we entered into a contract a month ago , it has been a nightmare from day one . it starts from the sales office all the way to loan processing . please when i say , runnnnnnn , you better run from this company and find yourself another builder . we just walked away from the house that we entered a contract within the `` sage canyon `` community and lost 10,000 dollars . i wo n't go into every little detail , because i am physically and mental exhausted from their incompetency in the last month of dealing with them . i 'd rather loose 10,000 dollars than to deal with those assholes another day . the worst builder in the las vegas area ! you have been warned if you 're looking to build in this area , d-r horton builders or pulte homes is who i would recommend . i have heard nothing but good from both builders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst builder ! they are liars ! totally scammed people in mountains edge ! they do not have anyone represented on hoa boards so do n't believe them . you will have so many problems after you buy your house . the sellers do n't look at hoa cc & r 's so ryland will tell you one thing but the hoa has their own rules . do n't buy ! your house will have so many problems and ryland will give every excuse not to fix it or they will take forever to fix it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife checked capistrano and was helped by a sales agent earlier in the week . we emailed and arranged an appointment today to go together and get more information . the original sales agent was off but suggested we talk to his colleague . she was hanging out in her car outside of the office when we arrived . after checking out the house , we returned to the office where she was chatting with a friend while we stood there waiting . minutes later , she acknowledged us , but refused to share any information or answer any questions because `` we were n't her client . '' she was very rude and made condescending remarks . we walked out . terrible service . every employee for themselves at this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shit company . i just bought a new house . so many problem . take is forever to fix anything . because they use cheap local small business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bethann frusco-dumont is the friendliest , most helpful sales counselor i could have ever hoped for . she never left me hanging and made the buying experience a lot less stressful . she 's amazing and i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this builder uses less than professional people to build their homes . time after time i have complained about the workers using homeowner driveways to park their cars , they throw all kinds of debris around , they play loud music the supervisor is worthless and is never around . no positive response from this builder they do n't care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved into my new calatlantic home in henderson in january 2017 . after moving in i noticed horrible repair and paint jobs on the walls and baseboards . i had a broken cable wire and two warped closet doors in one of the downstairs bedrooms . called my sales rep and was given one excuse after the other why stuff was n't getting done . had to call my lawyer because i was n't getting anywhere with calatlantic homes . house is defective and it takes forever for anyone to call you when you submit a warranty request .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great park ! we go to the dog park area everyday , relatively clean for the most part . two bad things are , there 's no lights at night & the road to get back there is not paved at all so you 're basically driving in the dirt road .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not in the best neighborhood , but the softball fields are well kept , and the three dog parks are great for taking your furry friends for a run and and to meet new friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on the right day this place can be peaceful , serene and simply enjoyable . my experience is only with the dog park side . it is very nice and the location is relaxing during good weather . the regulars are very friendly and social , however there can be your usual `` know-it-alls '' or the ones that think they own a small kitten as opposed to a dog . like , loosen up a bit..you stepped foot into a dog park . besides that , it 's in a great location , we only wish there were light stems like they have on the baseball field so we can stay later in the evening . also , beware of the tweens who like to cozy up on the playground sets in the park . gross .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent quad for softball . great dugouts with covers for shade . good lighting . spectacular views . good concessions . parking is a bit of a chore here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally found dry sherry ! ( matt tells me it 's other places but i felt like i was searching for days . ) i dig the fact these guys have a slim selection of things you ca n't find elsewhere in town . and when i 've called they 've always been cool putting me on hold and checking the shelves before i drive over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cork & bottle is a great neighborhood liquor store . they have a well-curated selection of wine , beer and spirits . overall , the staff is friendly and helpful ; especially with questions about wine . the store is on the small side so they wo n't have everything , but that should n't stop you . sure , you can go to woodmans or hyvee and find every alcoholic thing under the sun , but i urge everyone to come out and support a wonderful local business . if they do n't have something , just ask and they will happily point you to an acceptable alternative . bonus : come on saturday between 3 and 6 for a wine tasting . i 've also seen some random liquor tastings as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` highest employee to customer ratio in madison '' - funny stuff . there 's always like a family of cashiers behind the counter plus a wine rep wandering around . and they give my pup treats . nothing makes a dog walk better than picking up a six pack mid-stroll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the most wonderful ( free ) wine tastings from 3-6pm on saturdays . there are usually three people behind the counter to serve you and tell you all about the wines . one guy in particular is incredibly knowledgeable about each of the wines and loves to engage you in a conversation about what you 're experiencing while you 're drinking it . i love this , personally , but others might not . plus , they actually will put out sharp cheddar and crackers to heighten the experience . did i mention it 's free ? ! well ... .initially it 's free , but i 've been completely unable to resist buying a featured bottle any time that i 've gone . ; ) wine selection aside , they 've got a great , unique beer and liquor selection . they are undeniably more expensive than say , woodman 's , but i love them so much that i do n't even care . support your neighborhood boozerie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like booze they got booze ... and they know a thing about wine . . .cuz they drink enough of it to know ! dickie will feed your dog too many treats and they will get the shits .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having been back to cork & bottle several times since my original review , i 've interacted with other employees and have had a much better experience ! i 've updated my original 2-star rating accordingly . still a great selection and very convenient location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the best corner store liquor place i could ask for . the staff are friendly and it 's always a pleasant experience . it 's a bit pricier than woodmans or another grocery , but i 'd say it 's worth it for the convenience and experiencec .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delightful staff with a deep connection to the neighborhood . we moved to the southeast side , but continue to return for wine . they also have a nice selection of micro-brews . they treat their employees like family and always offer a friendly , interested greeting to all . if you drop in on saturdays , old friends employees customers gather around the counter for wine and cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come for the fine selection and savor the unpretentious context - and prices ! then return again and again for insightful counsel serving your best interests of the day . do n't you just wish cork n ' bottle was in your neighborhood ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic selection of craft beer . my pooch also approves , he gets handfuls of treats every visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this liquor store is one of the best places to buy liquor , wine and beer in madison . the wine tastings on saturdays are a lot of fun . today was a sparkling wine tasting . there were at least nine bottles open . the store was full of people drinking champagne , sparkling wine , eating french bread and brie cheese . their selection is often unique and fun . the staff are very friendly , knowledgeable and just nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything an old school neighborhood liquor store should be ... small yes , but well curated with a knowledgable owner . hang out for a wine tasting ... it 's more than a sample in a paper cup , it 's a neighborhood gathering ! it 's an institution and has been a large part of the soul of this neighborhood . i 've been going there for 25 years ( jeezus ! ) and been their neighbor for much of that . walk on over . peddle up . stop by on your way home from work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . staff is extremely friendly and helpful . great beer and wine ( and liquor ? but i 'm not as familiar ) selection . plus , free wine tastings on saturday to check out their selection..they even have crackers and cheese . i never want to buy booze anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this neighborhood liquor store- has a family atmosphere . my dog loves the bearded guy behind the counter . i wonder why .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not the target market of this friendly looking boutique but i 've often walked past it and admired the pretty dresses in the window display and was surprised to find that there were no reviews for it on yelp . thus , i decided i 'd make a heroic sacrifice for my fellow yelpers and go in and check it out . the owner victoria was lovely and happy to chat with me and her store itself is well laid out with a pleasant atmosphere . there was a wide range of attractive clothing for sizes 14+ as well as jewelry and other accessories . i should note here that she 's not currently stocking shoes but has pretty much everything else you need to kit yourself out . also , while i was there i saw at least one happy customer make a number of fine purchases . hopefully someone who has actually bought something here will come along and give their more experienced review however i was pretty impressed with gussied up - if you are a fuller figured lady i recommend coming in and checking it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have yet to buy anything yet ! but i love the fashion here ! it 's hard to find fashionable plus size clothing that 's in and looks good . i worked at bathurst and bloor and it was always on my way so i would stop in and look around . the owner is very nice , willing to help but no pushy and let 's you browse without feeling like you need rush . i find it a bit pricy for my wallet , but it is understandable cause its plus size and up to date with the latest fashions . there is a few things i would buy , maybe later when i have the funds ! great place and would love to actually buy from here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are a plus size woman and you have n't been to gussied up yet , get in your car now ! victoria the owner is an absolute doll ! so friendly and helpful , always ready with a smile and a suggestion , without being pushy . i can not say enough about the clothing . i have yet to leave the store empty handed . i have purchased dresses , tops , a super cute bathing suit , and accessories . and i am always complimented on my outfit when it comes from gussied up . i am so happy now that their second location in vaughan is open , it 's much more convenient for me ( but that could be dangerous for my bank account ) the only negative about the bathurst location , is that its a little tricky finding parking , but if you persevere , its worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . a wide variety of fabulous clothing from many designers . i will definitely be dropping in frequently to see what 's new !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were driving by when we saw this place and decided to turn around to have some gelato . the selection is good and the staff is friendly . it 's very clean inside and the seating area also has a tv to watch while you enjoy your gelato . pistachio was my fave flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this tiny little gelato spot opened up a few weeks back and i 've finally had the chance to check it out . located off bathurst on a little laneway , you might miss it for not the little ice cream cones tacked in the window ! there are a lot of options for your little cup or cone , mostly gelato but a few yogurt , as well as some cheesecake slices ( not home-made , sadly ) . good tasting , but not amazing , and i question whether or not they 're worth the price . that said , i ca n't argue with the location ( ie , a stone 's throw from my home ) and the hours ( 11am until 1am ! ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing flavours ... and lots of them ! ! i got the hazelnut , chocolate hazelnut and cookies & cream combo . super delicious ! and this place has benches outside for those hot summer nights . totally worth the walk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mojito , it tastes cool and refreshing tastily.it 's the best gelato i have ever had in toronto , it will be my favorate place to go for gelato in summer.highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here last night for a post-dinner treat with my boyfriend . we are huge gelato fans . the gelato itself was good , definitely hit the spot . flavourful , lots of chunks of chocolate in my caramel chocolate . the mint chocolate was crazy intense ( in a good way ) ! i was disappointed however , that they do n't allow you to have two flavours in the small cup . we both had to get mediums to get 2 flavours each . i would have much preferred to have the smaller size . it 's pretty standard to be able to get 2 flavours in a small cup , so i did n't appreciate the requirement . will i go back ? maybe . it was delicious , lots of selection , but i 'm a sucker for 2 flavours in a small cup .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time having gelatoespresso ! such a special experience ! the london fog gelato with espresso was so delicious . i could not believe i finished the whole thing because i never drink black coffee . i would recommend this gelato store to anyone in the neighbourhood . the store is very nice and clean . there are so many different flavours to choose from . the lady gave me very helpful recommendations and graciously offered several flavours to try . i ended taking half litre home for my parents to try . they all loved it ! i would highly recommend hazelnut , maple syrup , pistachio and london fog . you must try those and do not hesitate to ask to try : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were walking down bathurst and we stumbled upon this place . whenever i the word `` gelato '' , i ca n't help but go into the store to see what flavours they have . i was debating between cookies and cream and white chocolate match . i decided to go with white chocolate match and i was not disappointed . one thing i like about this place is that they have cookie cone ! that 's right ! it 's a cone made completely out of cookie ! it 's a nice change from regular or waffle cone . i 'll definitely be getting more gelato from this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so worth the distance off the beaten path ! i had the green apple and london fog . service was great as i sampled a good portion of the flavors , they were all delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just north of queen street west directly on bathurst , it surprises me this place is n't busier . but in not complaining . the service is friendly and there are lots of choice . most importantly the gelato is scrumptious . we tried the peanut butter chocolate , maple walnut and salted caramel . but i 'm definitely going to try the chocolate chilli next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is located on bathurst in between queen and dundas . the streetcar stop is carr when going northbound on bathurst , or robinson if going southbound . the location is a bit pioneering , although there is major rezoning going on around it . in 5 years this area will be very different . the gelato offerings are similar to what you 'd get on college street . it seemed to me that for the portion sizes on medium , the price is a little lower than the college street gelateries . i chose pistachio and dark chocolate hazelnut , both were winners . bonus points for this place for putting the empty cups in recycling , some places save money by just trashing everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found a little gem in this residential area a few blocks north from queen street . i live fairly close that 's how i found this place , otherwise i would n't ever expect there 's a good gelato place in such a quiet area . it was a hot day , so my husband and i decided to try this place . i 'm glad that i did it ! we tried forest berry , pink grapefruit ( my favorite ) , blue berry yogurt and chocolate chili . all of them are surprisingly good ! especially pink grapefruit was so refreshing in a hot day . chocolate chili is very interesting , it 's sweet and rich but has spicy after taste . i hope a lot of people find this place so that this business stays busy ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finished dinner at 416 snack bar ( good food ) and found this cute place . super friendly owner let me try a lot of flavor . she told me the pistachio one was hand grind nuts and no artificial color added ( loved it ) but my favorite flavor is still the rich salted caramel . bf ordered grapefruit and mango sorbet on a chocolate cookie cone ( as my request ) . not so sweet ; just perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool store located at an obscure location . there was nothing around this place and i could n't have known this cafe existed if i was n't just happen to walk around the region with my friend . i ordered the panini sandwish ( about $ 6 ) with hazelnut chocolate gelato inside and it was super filling . the bread was pretty dense . could n't really enjoy the gelato as much but it was still good noneoftheless . would come back again and try other flavours if i happen to be around the area . wish they could open at another location because i really like their large variety gelato and nice store atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "before saying anything else , i must mention that the store owner is super nice ! she provided tons of recommendations based on what you like and is willing to provide tasters . overall , i enjoyed my gelato experience as the store was very clean and there are parking right in front of the store . an abundance of different flavours to choose from with a few daring selections like chocolate chilli ! unfortunately i was n't feeling daring enough that night but will definitely be back to try other flavours . my favourite was definitely the chocolate hazelnut . highly recommended for all gelato or dessert lovers . update : went back again last night and had an affogato after being recommended by my friends ( hot expresso with a scoop of chocolate hazelnut gelato ) . this combo tasted beautiful . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phone - `` let me look into this and get back to ( never ) '' email - `` send in a quote request and we 'll respond to your email in 48 hours ( or never ) '' . the only thing i can say about this company is that it 's consistent . do n't waste your time with these rude people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do you like being treated rudely ? do you like asking questions and being ignored ? how about if the guy at the counter says `` i dunno '' and then walks away and starts doing other things ? if you answered yes to all those questions , this is definitely the place for you . otherwise go to maia on college instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found the staff to be knowledgeable about plumbing supplies . the selection of supplies was sufficient for my purposes . staff was friendly and told some good jokes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorry folks our recent lunch at this place was a huge disappointment . came here due to all the raving reviews on yelp and ordered 2 combos from the menu . the staff were nice and friendly . we waited quite a bit for our food . then when our food came out , i was thoroughly disappointed with the taste , presentation and quality of our food . the cut of meat used was very hard fatty and chewy . the flavored are very overpowering and super salty . the portions are tiny for the price you pay and besides the eggs which had nothing on them , everything else just did n't taste good . definitely would not com back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place but unfortunately this is a no for me . this is a small little place with about 5 tables . parking was strange so i opt to park across the street . the order taker was nice but not too friendly and the restaurant seemed cleaned and not smelling like how some filipino restaurants smell like . food : liemposilog longsilog tapsilog pancit bihon i had to ask them to cook the pork belly more because it was not crispy and full of fat . i love fat but i need it a little more cooked and not soft and white . the other `` silogs '' were alright . what i want to rave about is the eggs . i asked it to be cooked scrambled and the flavor was delicious . unfortunately , the pancit was not good at all . it lacked flavor and needed either soy sauce ( which they had aloha shoyou ) or patis . overall , my score would 've been between 2-3 . i do like their concept of the silog 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so i did n't know i did my review but like i came here after so many months thinking it 'll improve but still i 'm not amuse to that tocsilog chicken and rice the chicken taste like its raw i mean it seems cooked but i guess it 's just the flavor idk what it is then the rice it 's kinda hard like its been in the pan for too long so yeah and i ordered with leche flan but did n't get it so i guess i 'll just cancel it . so yeah oh well it 's very disappointing ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here a few nights ago with my kids . the smell in the restaurant upon walking in should have been my sign to leave but i wanted to give this place a shot . we ordered sinigang , pancit bihon , and langonisa . not only did our food take long but a couple girls came in after us and they received their order before we did . the pancit was not even made with bihon noddles , it had a different taste to it , kind of like charred up pork belly and soy sauce . the sinigang was okay but definitely not the traditional sinigang i 'm use to eating and making . the langonisa was good although it was n't coated in it 's own oil , they had grilled it but it was still good . overall i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "december 26th , 2016 family vegas trip with my mom , brother , sister , baby , and fiance . came here for our breakfast and the food here is pretty good . i ordered half of the menu and tried everything . though i find it super heavy and dense , i would still eat all the dishes here . hey ! i 'm on vacation , i deserve to eat what i want .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this little vegas gem is located in the chinatown area . mayweather gym is located 2 alley ways south . this is the first for the chinatown area . asian tacos i tried were a special seared poke taco and `` i 'm going back to kalbi '' taco . both really good ! held together by flour tortillas and packed with flavor ! each taco runs about $ 4 . miso soup and edamame for starters . this is a small quaint place with great people and great food . if you are hungry for some evening bites , i recommend wok n roll . great fusion flare on delicious asian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hate the cold siumai . even after they replaced it , the second batch was also partially cold . another customer complained about theirs shortly after . dislike the small space - they can only host 3-4 parties max . they ca n't effectively handle multiple orders - they ended up cooking all the eggs for about 8-10 plates before cooking the rest of the dishes which ended up making the eggs cold . the salty tilapia . soy sauce came in a plastic packet . like the eggplant omelette silog ( plain fried rice and egg ) . the bangusilog . love the variety of -silogs . what i liked came out of my first 2 visits ( when i was the only customer ) . all the problems were on my 3rd visit ( when they had a large party to deal with ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delivery was fast . service was friendly ! the owner himself was the one who delivered ! we ordered tapsilog , tocilog , hotdogsilog and sizzigsilog . all were good ! no complaints ! the meat were all tender and tasty ! for dessert , we had banana que and turon . the turon was good ! banana que was a little hard but still edible.. we also ordered grilled squid ! realllly goood ! the size was right for the price !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "passed by this place and realized it 's a new concept . no more taco shop ! got a # 14 and it was delicious ! i just think it should come with at least 1 or 2 more but nonetheless it was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . service - excellent ! ! knowledgeable , flexible , courteous ! ! 2 . lumpia sariwa- fresh , tasty , crunchy vegies and out-of-this world sauce ! ! 3 . chicken mami- most delicious broth , perfectly cooked chicken and crunchy lettuce ! 4 . beef mami - i had noodle soup from hongkong , shanghai , sf chinatown and manila , this has got to be `` numero uno '' ! 5 . pancit palabok - perfect balance of seafood and garlic together with angel hair like noodles . check out the rest of their menu . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "silogs- over rated 3 5 it taste ok and the taste does n't match the price . kambings- 4 5 they cook authentic papaitan and kinilaw . but when you order papaitan , you get a lot of soup but not so much of meat . palabok- 1 5 palabok without pork ( only chicharon ) and shrimp but with cabbage . it 's salty and expensive for the sauce , egg , noodles and chicharon . lol ! this place is a joke . maybe pantawid gutom if you 're too hungry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really great staff , good food for the price . it only fits about 12 people so come before it gets crowded . i had the `` i 'm going back to kalbi '' ( $ 4.50 ) and it wasnt too bad , could use an option to make it a little hotter , but all around great flavor from the meat and flour tortilla . poki was spot on , really good fish and wakame in it . my friend had the terriyaki chicken taco , he really must have liked it since it was done before mine haha . all and all i nice new place in chinatown , cant wait to see what they will be adding to the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 star for the very friendly people who welcomed us here.. not sure if thats a family business but they were all so hospitable.. 4 star for the food.. not that good but its all right.. the plate was like a hotel presentation.. it looks like a japanese restaurant because of the wallpaper but thats a filipino restaurant.. i guess they just opened . so cmon try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for typical filipino food ... . if you 're a fan of tapsilog and the like , this is a great one to visit ... no pre-cooked food , all cooked to order . i highly recommend this place . only drawback is they close early ... 8 pm ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here knowing that this place will have small seating area . roughly 12ppl as mentioned in the other reviews . : ) it is hot not too sure if the a c is broken or if there is none since the kitchen is in the front also . staff is really friendly always asking if i am doing fine . i do believe that the store owner served us . he had a smile that would make anyone feel better if they were having a bad day : ) i shall be coming again to try out their other items . : ) i would give a 5star if it was n't hot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small diner with only 5 tables with great filipino specialties that are approachable by white guys like me . eggplant is delicately seasoned with unique flavor . filipino fried garlic rice is also deliciously flavored . we ordered beef tapsilog , eggplant tortasilog , and pork tosilog . all were excellent . every plate comes with 2 fried eggs , a large scoop of filipino fried garlic rice , tomato and cucumber slices , pickled papaya ( far tastier than it sounds ) , and pickled chilis . plenty of food with great variety of tastes , textures , and visuals . a great and offbeat pick for takeout or casual dining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love the poke me bowl seared ! ca n't get enough ! what i consider a closer to perfect meal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cozy , being inside makes you feel like you 're in hawaii philippines guam.. the food was amazing we had poke me bowl , the seared tuna was very fresh the whole mix was very mouth watering ... we also had the killa gwen chix , my personal favorite ! ! ! i love the hint of citrus in the mix ... the experience was very different.. not your typical dining experience ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to give it 4 stars but the $ 6.99 `` silogs '' we ordered were nothing out of the ordinary . the lechon was overcooked , probably just refried and reheated so it was kinda hard and not crunchy at all and the portions were soo small so i was kinda disappointed with my order . the tinapa and milkfish were ok. service was good , they were friendly . place is really really small and parking is sketchy , so try to park across the street where u can see your car . overall , the silogs came out pricey because of the small portions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hands down best filipino breakfast i have had . i always look to yelp to help me find hidden treasures . and trust me when i say this place is gold .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here today and saw a table unclean . leftovers of the previous customer is still on the table and it 's a mess . i do n't know if they are just being lazy or they just do n't care . we will definitely not come back on this eatery and we will never recommend this to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if youre tired of the buffet in vegas , this is the place to go . the food is superb , service is excellent , everything in the menu is awesome . it feels like im back in the philippines.ive tried almost all their menus- everything is perfect , dont forget to try their halu-halo . i would definitely recommend it to my friends and relatives and would definitely come back here everytime im in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! if you feel like eating with almost anything `` silog '' .. then this is the right place to go . love their tinapasilog and tapsilog.. great price too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! it feels like you 're in the philippines.. the food was great , very clean and the staff were very nice..i suggest to call ahead of time for pick up.. the place can only accomodate 12 persons..but all in all , you cant go wrong with the food if you want authentic tapsilog and all the `` log '' foods", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can actually cover your eyes and point . no joke . everything on the menu is so good . since i 've been here , i 've eaten here 5-6 days straight . if you like breakfast food to anytime of the day food , this is the spot . i 'm so glad is walking distance from work . probably see you guys at wok & roll today . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and even better service ! really small place , but the super friendly staff that really made me feel at home . i had the chicken teriyaki taco . the meat was super tender and the sauce was really good . i even got a free sample of their seaweed salad and poke since it was their grand opening . will come back soon for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and service hands down ! found them on yelp cuz we were craving home cooking and they did not disappoint ! everything was delish . wish we had one back home in orlando ! they were very accommodating to my cousins allergy and did n't hesitate to change her order even though her meal was already being cooked ! family owned place that def made you feel like you were a part of their family ! cooked to order food that will not disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was delicious . i think the price was a little more expensive then what i 'm used to . but i think considering it is in vegas . it comes with the territory . parking is a little complicated to access in chinatown if you are n't familiar with the area . so keep an eye out where you choose to enter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here due to good review from yelpers . food was good but for the price , portion is small . did not even offer us any utensils and water .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "from now on , whenever i come to las vegas and i want filipino food , this will definitely be my go to restaurant ! ! ! delicious filipino breakfast ! ! so yummy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gave this place a try since reviews seemed decent , but now i 'm starting to think that their friends relatives are the ones that posted past reviews . we got greeted by the owner when we first walked in and then went up to order . the cook servers were behind a counter and did n't seem like they wanted to be there . we actually had to get up and get our food instead of them coming to our table , which was about two feet away . tried the lonsilog and lechonkasilog and was pretty disappointed in both . they did n't even offer us any drinks , not even water . food was bland and not that special . would n't recommend this place to anyone . you 'd be better off at dt 's or lj 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it was just ok . the food was average , nothing to rave about , especially if you 've grown up with home cooked filipino food . the rice was on the hard and stale side . seats were uncomfortable . the smell ( not the savory smell of food , but something else ) was a bit irking . there was a guy a table over who kept nonchalantly picking his nose . the place was tiny , but that was n't a big deal . i think the prices were reasonable-ish . about $ 7 and change for a plate of rice , 2 eggs , and whichever meat you ordered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their food is all right . their tapsilog rice was alright , i did n't like how there 's chunks of peppercorn in it . it 's very basic . very disappointed with their halo halo , it was watered down ! i dont even think they added any milk to it ! ? ? ? now this got me pissed off ... ! : i 'm sure there 's better place to get your halo halo and tapsilog else where ... . npt recommendable ... . sorrry wok n roll ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still wonder why it 's called `` wok and roll '' ... but anyways me and the wife are from la and were craving some filipino breakfast . this place hits the spot . nothing special about it , but nothing bad about it either . portions are good , but just had to ask for extra rice on the side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "price is good . the lonselog order was dry and it needed more fat to make it tasted better . it did not taste like a langonesa should .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome lumpia . just like home made . if you do n't get anything else you 're missing out but you should still stop in for an occasional lumpia fix . i do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the place because of the food for sure . quick and friendly staff . love the garlic rice `` panalo '' . simple menu plus with variety silog choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat . i had the tapsilog . it was tender and tasty ! entrees are made to order and quick . close to the strip and other popular restaurants in chinatown . owner is super friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally finger liking good , it was great and highly recommended , and i 'm hungry for more great local place and some of the most helpful staff and if i could give them more stars i would ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and service is awesome ! their isawsilog is a bomb and we keep on coming back for it . all silog though are delicious and pinoy na pinoy . the service is excellent too , very friendly and shows pinoy hospitality ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend the tapsilog . next i will try the liempo silog . small place hidden in chinatown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very family-friendly workers . food was great ! for the boys who eat a lot , however , may want more . as an average size girl , the meal size was perfect for me . place is quite small but okay for people in small groups ( 2-6 ) . would definitely come back whenever i 'm in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered from grubhub so my review is solely based on food because i have not stepped in the restaurant . ordered sisig and some fish balls . overall , it 's ok. sisig could use some tangy taste to it . maybe more vinegar or lemon . also , it was very much full of just pork fat . maybe i 've been spoiled by cafe moda 's sisig . anyway , i also wished the meal comes with more rice . my rice to meat ratio is n't very good , lol . but then again , i 'm super fatty . i will definitely try again from this place . trying the bangus sisig next time . i 'll update my review if anything changes . i 'm willing to give them another try . their prices are pretty good too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after grubbin on sizzigsilog get yourself an order of taho . this place did not disappoint . tastes like inay at tatay 's cooking . thee perfect comfort hangover food after a night of bad decisions . haha apir sa tagaluto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't typically rate restaurants let alone give 5 stars but this tiny hole in the wall restaurant just exceeded my expectations . the food reminded me so much of how my parents cooked ilocano style ... awesome food ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my best friend and i got on here to find something we 've never tried before and we stumbled upon wok and roll and it did not disappoint . i 've never had filipino food before but this was worth the try . i got the pork adobo and my friend got the chicken adobo . it was beyond delicious ! it was subtle and the spices were n't overpowering . i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for something different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delish all around , small spot 12ppl at most.cook will adjust to your desires wanted more garlic in my garlic rice ... service was super , melon juice tasted fresh , & taho was not 2 sweet . 2nd visit ..ordered sinampalokan na kambing soup which has the feet , head , & others parts of goat . the soup is tasty w ginger , tamarind leaves , , garlic , vinegar in it for flavor . lacking was enough meat , there were more bones , still it was quite tasty . taho was warm & sweeten right.. cook was very accommodating to requests for more spice or garlic in rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "longsilog , bangsilog , spamsilog , and longilog was just amazingly delicious . we were very full and satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such great and authentic food that is made to order ! all dishes are fresh and tasty . you have to be willing to wait a few minutes because nothing is pre-made but is totally worth the wait ! tasty tapsilog plates are only $ 6.99 each and they are quite generous with the meat ! i will most definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mediocre food ... horrible service . the restaurant is very small and the waitress can even bother to walk the five steps to bring me my food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered 100 lumpia for my 50th birthday party . the roll had too many layers and was tough to bite through . i saw many of my guests unrolling layers so that they could actually eat it . i ended up throwing 80 % of them in the garbage . what a waste of my money and effort and i was really looking forward to eating some good lumpia .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "off the beaten path but , worth the effort . went with seven other people and we all had different orders ... no complaints ! the food was cooked fresh ( made when ordered ) & their specials ; kalderetta , lechonkasilog & bixsilog did not disappoint ! friendly service , highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is small , but food was delicious the sinigang bahboy was very hot and delicious . definitely we 'll come back the next time we are in vegas ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here because of the reviews . i 'm sorry to say but food was bad . we ordered pork sinigang , liemposilog siomai , tinapasilog and fish ball . pork sinigang was not enough veggies , full of fats , and not sour enough . liemposilog , the fried rice was taste old and the liempo was too tough to eat and not a lot of meat . the tinapasilog , rice was old and after my husband ate it , he was not feeling good . the siomai was not good . the fish ball was good though . i wo n't come back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another spot to add to the regular rotation . well be back to try the whole menu . good prices , good tasting filipino comfort food . i just wish they were open late ! the place is small like a mom and pop shop so do n't expect much . but for a quick meal when craving that taste from home , it does the trick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this restaurant . delicious tacos , poke salad and sushi fresh meat . fast service and cheap prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was craving there food but probably wo n't order here again . i ordered today online and followed the instructions . the next thing i know , i got a call from the `` previous '' owner & told me to call this number to get a refund because they do n't own it anymore . i called the number that number & it 's the new owner , saying that they do n't do deliveries with credit card payment but only with cash . then she gave me the previous owner number again and told me to call him . i called that number again and the guy give me their accountant for menustar which gave me the number to the menustar customer service . all in all they should have that website under construction or not working at all so this inconvenience does n't happen at all . waiting on a refund until further notice . update as of 7 3 2017 i have to say that the customer service of menustar was 4 out of 5 . they were easy to deal with & refund was quick ( i think 1-2 business days ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i really wanted to give them an honest review , i would probably give them a 3.5 . the food was yummy . i liked their selection , the price is reasonable , and i enjoyed the sauces . my only criticism was the spot itself and our dessert . the place is very small and not as clean as i would like so getting `` to go '' might be a better option . our halo halo had an odd after taste and my turon did not taste enough like banana for me but hubby liked it . regardless , we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "( late post for yesterday 5 31 ) not the first time here..but it 's been a while since our last visit . noticed a change in management and menu display-not too fond of it being moved to the other side of the wall where people are eating ..food presentation and taste is still good , hospitality and friendliness as well . hoping interior will have a makeover soon as business can get busy-there is n't much room or space to eat . other than that , always satisfied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing tapsilog and tosilog ! everything is made fresh to order - no gross heat lamps and not a microwave in sight . the portions are huge and i ate so much i had to loosen up my belt . to top it all off , the owners are kind , sweet , and generous ! perfect place to gorge on real filipino food ( not that americanized stuff they serve at restaurant chains - like max 's ) ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food ! we waited for the food but geezzzz everything was cooked good and you can tell its not a food from yesterday lol ! very nice people too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the `` wok & roll '' name is a bit misleading , but `` tapsilogan '' is right ! if you like eggs and rice with your filipino food , this place hits the spot nicely . they have almost every `` silog '' type dish available here , everything as delicious as you can imagine . i wish there were more of these spots around , especially in cali . this place is a hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is n't that special but service was good . we were a bit lost and i have to commend the guy who answered the phone ( did n't get his name ) but he gave us very detailed directions on how to reach the spot . unfortunately , that was the highlight for me and my company . would n't go back to this place but you can try it once .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is really good . they cook your food when you order it so it 's fresh . it 's like a hole in a wall type of joint , the silogs are delicious . if you 're ever in a mood for great tasting filipino food come to this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first of all , the location is very clean inside . a pretty small venue , seats 12 people but that 's fine ! good took such a short amount of time to be made , and i brought my family of 10 in here . i ordered the bangsilog and hot dang , it was fried to perfection . achara ( pickled papaya ) , cucumber slices and tomato slices were served with a side of garlic rice . if you 're missing home , just grab your wallet and head over here ! they also have kaldareta na kambing guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in hungry and left full and satisfied , great choice for dinner since i 'm a picky eater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what seems like a little hole in the wall holds such delicious filipino foods . came here with a group of 10 and we were able to fit comfortably in the restaursnt , but i do n't think it can really hold more than 15 . i ordered the longsilog and everything was delicious , the longanisa , fried rice , achara , and egg . i also ordered a melon juice which went very well with my lunch and tasted very refreshing . tip : parking is either on the side where the trucks roll in or park on the street facing the restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people are friendly , food are made to order and fast service . great filipino food , the eggplant , sisig bangus , and kilawin taste great ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is ok. not too bad but not too good either . very small place . tables and chairs are way too close to each other . good for take out though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "filipino food anyone ? ? ? ive always been a fan of tapsilog and tocilog back in the philippines ... and i am so happy to have found this place feels like home ! ! ! just the way i want my silog done and more.. we keep coming back to this place.. because we always come out full and satisfied ... very clean , too..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so excited to get some filipino breakfast as a hangover cure . this little hole in the wall looked promising so we made the trek from the strip to give it a try . we ordered the adobosilog , longsilog , and tocinsilog . fatty pork belly was used for the adobosilog . i 'm not used to such fatty cuts of pork for adobo and i did n't like it . the fattiness overpowered the vinegary adobo sauce . i did not find the tocino sweet enough . i prefer it with a sticky sweet coating . the longanisa was ok . nothing special . we asked for garlic rice but i could n't taste the garlic at all and found the rice too dry . overall the food was ok but i 've had much better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is really good ! the eggplant is amazing , i did n't know that it could taste that good ! the egg was perfectly cooked too , crunchy at the bottom and a runny yolk . i love this place ! i also ordered sibangsilog , very tasty ! i recommend it to all my friends..the price is also very reasonable and there was a tv to watch something while ur waiting or eatng.. lastly , the turon dessert is amazeballs ! ! ! ! ugh , , ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "china garden is your basic americanized chinese food with one possible exception : it 's got an above average buffet . most chinese buffets i 've eaten at range from `` meh '' to `` ick '' . but the vegetables seem fresh and crisp , the chicken here is tender and not rubbery , and the egg rolls are fairly good . it 's worth checking out if you need a quick meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is good but it is not exceptional . i 've been to this restaurant occasionally for a couple years and the menu has n't changed at all . there is the typical asian fare such as general tso 's , fried rice , noodles , stuffed shrimp and dumplings . there is also american macaroni and cheese , home fries and ham . when i go to china garden , i always request a carry out container as i find it nauseating to sit in the dining area and see other patrons pile their plates with astonishing heaps of food . one thing for sure is that china garden gets plenty of customers . definitely come here for a reasonably priced buffet !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the location is convenient but i was not a fan of the food . i had shrimp and chinese veggies and crab rangoon . they cut the veggies way too big and the sauce was bland . i wo n't go back for food but the crab rangoon was ok . they did n't give any sauce . you have to ask for it . that sucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just ate there , right next to gamestop & google , has 3 small booths , & ordered the pepper steak w onion ( $ 10.95 ) . food is fast fresh & hot , but mine had too much onion & not enough steak . at the end of the meal i was just eating onions with rice , though i hear this is healthy for you . counter lady was cordial , but did n't reply when customers told her , `` have a nice day '' # awkward . i know that english is n't her first language but she needs to catch on that people are wishing her well . was n't stuffed full either despite having eaten a large plate ( i usually get this feeling eating asian ) . this is basically a nice place to go for lunch that wo n't ruin your appetite for dinner . ( side note : food is very clean . brushed my teeth an hour before w tom 's of maine fluoride-free peppermint & still had minty fresh breath an hour after eating )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hot and sour soup was ok. everything else was basically inedible . water was not noticeably hose-y as per other reviews . more than 1 4 of the buffet was american food , and a lot of the rest was seafood that almost had to be `` krab '' , considering the price of the buffet . no pot-stickers , no pork egg rolls , no spareribs , no won-ton soup .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i give them two-stars for the foods and 1 star for the customer service . i home and clean here because i was getting some dry cleaning . i would recommend another place unless your very hungry . the lady was very rude so i wo n't be back !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the decor is nothing fancy but the food is surprisingly good ( and fresh ) . i 've gotten takeout and eaten at the buffet . both good for the price - it 's inexpensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gotten pick-up orders from here many times . it 's standard americanized chinese food that hits the spot whenever i 'm driving by and get a craving . the food is promptly made ( about 10 minutes after i call in my order ) and the vegetables taste fresh . i 'm a big fan of their crab rangoons ; there 's lots of filling in them compared to the rangoons from other places . the sauce and meat in my meals is n't as flavorful as other chinese take-outs have been , but it 's still tasty . and my experience with the staff has been fine . also fyi , it 's cash only , and there 's an atm right outside by the door . i 've never eaten in ( there 's a few tables ) or in the buffet that 's attached next door , so i ca n't speak on that . but overall , if you 're getting a craving for some inexpensive chinese and you 're in the area , might as well give it a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed a quick snack before doing errands and heading home and was in the shopping strip where there is a trader joe 's near bakery square.i am usually an asian food snob having lived for many years in san francisco bay area but i thought i 'd try some amerasian food.i ordered moo shoo pork which was n't bad , just kind of bland and not teeming with pork.that being said the vegetables were cooked well with a nice slightly crisp , not soggy texture . i 'd sat if you want quite decent not quite chinese food and quickly china garden would n't be a bad place to stop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible . do not go here . it 's like $ 11 for dinner which is n't bad for chinese buffets but they only have 2 little rows of food . and it all is so bad . the chicken in the chicken and broccoli was so small and it looked disgusting . the sweet and sour chicken looked like drops of hard , fried batter . the general tsaos chicken was soggy and once again the smallest pieces of chicken . those were basically the options . plus corn and shrimp , brown green beans , salad bar , and egg roll..so bad . and the waitress gave us our bill and stood there until we got our card out and paid . will never go there again . do n't go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "china garden appears to be your run of the mill chinese take out place ( standard menu , decor , etc ) , but i was very pleasantly surprised how good the food was . we had both the cashew chicken and seafood delight , and both were awesome . also worth noting they are super fast ( food was ready within 10 minutes ) . i 'd easily say this is the best chinese takeout place i 've found since i 've been in pittsburgh ( about a year ) . highly recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think 2 or 3 stars is accurate for this joint ... the chicken is quality meat and its lightly saut\u00e9ed but the sauce is to blah . it 's a nice place to sit down and have chinese food if you have no other local options . it 's my last resort for chinese food in the area . prices are absurd ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is an average chinese buffet . the food was not bad , but not impressive neither , plus some cheap american food . the food was a little too greasy even by american chinese food standard , and my stomach complained soon after i left that place . to me , that 's a no-go signal . on the other hand , they seemed to have a non-buffet counter next-door , perhaps the food would be better there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is horrible , i got in and only eat for like 5 mins , everything there was salty and gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my 2nd time here and i thought that i attributed the satisfaction of my first visit due to the fact i was sooooo hungry . well my 2nd time and for a chinese buffet , this place is fantastic . the restaurant itself is very clean . the buffet is also very clean and even though i showed up within an hour of closing , they were still bringing out fresh entrees . the amount of choice is less than just about all the chinese buffets that i have ever been too , but in my opinion they make up for that in delicious food . all the patrons here are american , so this is n't the asian place where the asians eat . it 's very non-spicy , non-original food , but it 's fresh and good tasting . i would certainly return . giving it 7.5 knuckles out of 11 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mike and crew did a great job helping my tired body move from cleveland to rocky river , and did it in a timely fashion . since it was an hourly rate i had some trepidation about how quickly they 'd work to get the job done . i was also worried about my stuff fitting and perhaps having to make two trips . well , the crew obviously grew up playing tetris at a high level , because not only did they squeeze everything in , they did it with care and speed , saving me a boatload of cash over the other guys . mike was upfront and honest about all costs ahead of time and i was not charged one penny more than what i was told . and big kudos for managing to get my one piece recliner down the stairs . i thought i was going to have to leave my good friend behind , but they came through . thanks cleveland relocation services . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gym is great ! the workouts are never boring and are very challenging ! great small group atmosphere with workouts for all fitness levels !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy took my money and on good faith i left for a period of time due to injury a year later i went to go back as our agreement allowed..when i went to go back he would not honor the deal i 'm out $ 4,000 let your conscience be your guide this guy will rip you off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with my sister in law . loved the work outs . chuck is amazing and really knows how to communicate what you need to do , to get healthy . i would love to continue going there but it 's too far from where i am now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love fitness 5 as much as i love the people i meet there and work out with ! having a motivational group to work out with keeps me going ! chuck has taken the time to modify my workouts so that i can continue a healthy workout plan through pregnancy ! i 'm very lucky to have found this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chuck is a workout guru . seriously , if you love working out and need something more hardcore or if you struggle to motivate yourself in the gym , chuck will figure out a plan of attack based on what you need . no cookie cutter workouts here , everything is fun and designed to push your limits . i 'll never go back to a conventional gym . thank you chuck : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chuck is an awesome professional trainer who knows how to get you results no matter what your looking for . his gym is set up so nicely and it is fun to workout there . i guarantee there is some madness in store for you that you have never seen or trained like before when you get there . i am a personal trainer myself out of a studio gym in phoenix and it is rare to have such a great trainer as chuck so i highly recommend him to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is realy fun . it has a cool theme and the food and service are great . anybody who wants to enjoy a good burger , hot dog , or chili should stop in . for all you people who do n't eat red meat they offer turkey burgers as substitution . they are local and fun . definatly stop im . chase out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok i had been driving by this place for weeks and today i finally decided to try it and i 'm glad i did . it is big inside and the decor is too cute . i love the whole 50 's diner look and they have done perfect . the menu does n't have a huge selection but it gives plenty of options . i got the hot rod burger and it was good . we got our food fast , the staff is friendly , the prices are extremely affordable and the place was clean . overall would go back and def recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the dog haus . they are more than willing to put in extra work for special circumstance dogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in the old bashas shopping center on the nw corner of 67th ave. & deer valley . this is one of the cleaner dq 's in the valley , and it always has an upbeat feel because of the jukebox playing music constantly . service has been alright each visit , though some of the patrons are a bit difficult to look at . i know , i know , it 's just a dq but this one is n't so bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great for a quick blizzard fix . my son loves the burgers i have n't tried the food besides the blizzard", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this no stars . this is a fast food place , everyone knows that . the food is expected to be low quality . but the service should at least be decent . every time i have been here in the past two years the service has been humorous . when i 'm given an attitude as though i am disturbing the teens inside who are at work , none the less , i am turned off . it 's been hard to not drive threw and order just to throw it on their windows . all i 'm asking for is some common courtesy and manners . without customers you would n't have a job . i now drive to the mall nearby when i 'm wanting a quick dairy queen fix . which means no drive through and five extra miles . at least the service is a bit better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible place ! ! ordered a chicken sandwich with some french fry drive thru . my french frys had a gum wrapper in it and somebody 's nappy ass hair ! ! disgusting ... could n't even take a single bit threw everything in the bag and tossed it . did n't have time to go back and complain i had a fussy newborn in the back . beware ! ! thet hire punk ass teenagers with no respect..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to this dq last night and wendy was very helpful ! she was very accommodating and had great customer service , the other associates had great customer service too ! we will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a medium hot fudge sunday , i would 've been better off going to mcdonald 's . not much hot fudge and they charged extra for the nuts and whip cream . i would have $ 3 in my pocket .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while the food and treats are good and the service was good i can not give a fast food joint anything but one star if they charge for sauces , especially ranch . i mean dqs are the only fast food restaurant that i know of that does this at least in the western us . if sauces where free at least with purchases of items you would use them they would get 4 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wife and i came in tonght for a couple of medium sized blizzards . fanasitc quick service ! we are very please who awesome everyon was . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what i like about this dq is they have a machine with rubber balls in it for .25c and my six year old niece always asks to go so she can add a few balls to her collection . love the blizzards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the better fast food burger options . they 're not dry and bland like most of the major chains , and they have a lot of interesting options . i 'm partial to the flamethrower burger which is lightly spicy and covered with a tasty creamy sauce . service at this location is always fast and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "average place to eat average food average service if you 're looking to try something unique different here it is once and drive on", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited this dq a couple months ago and had a bad experience ( was not yelped ) and was in the area last night so i talked the wife into trying it again . unfortunately , it was another bad experience ! we ordered in the drive thru as we normally do . the person working the window took my card , closed the window and was gone for about 3-5 minutes . he opened the window back up , gave me my card and our order . i started to drive away and he yelled wait . the car behind me moved so i parked and went in . he advised he had not swiped my card so the order was not paid for . i waited at the counter an additional 5 minutes while they proceeded to help other customers ( meanwhile our order of two blizzards is melting ! we get home and the lids were not on the cups right , there was ice cream all over the cups and it was just a mess ! i think i will avoid this dq moving forward .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they stuffed 4 meals in a small package and crushed everything an decided to substitute cheaper hamburgers in place of our grill chickens . they also continue to bring out your soft serve ice cream in arizona five minutes before they bring out the rest of the meal so that your sundays are nice and melted kind of like milk . they also proceeded not to listen to me and feel my drinks instead of me doing it with a broken hand i called the manager on it then he proceeded to ask me if i wanted him to read back the food he already crushed stay away from this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh , i find a lot of the brands they carry are ones i 've never heard of , and i ca n't say whether or not they 're a quality product or not . at least you can press a button to get assistance , i 'm sure they are under staffed like any other hardware store . i even over heard a conversation in which they were listing the areas no one was working at the time i was there . i 'm fortunate that i almost never require help in these stores , because if my line of work , or my trips would take even longer than they already do .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so , let me say this first -- i am almost 100 % positive this is the food cart of mercado marimar , the vastly-superior-to-any-other-mexican-place-on-park st. tacqueria holed up in the back of a small grocery store . anyways , when i saw a food cart serving tacos ( finally ! ) i obviously had to try them out . i got one taco -- pastor -- and the owner gave me a second for free ! uh ... awesome . the meat was marinaded beautifully , it was tender , and absolutely delicious . piled high with cilantro and fresh onions . they have a salsa verde out for customers , but if you ask for something hotter -- there 's a secret , `` spicy '' salsa behind the counter . i tried both -- it was all excellent . this is easily the best food cart near the library . yeah , banzo is good and all , but authentic , delicious tacos from a food cart ? i 'm in heaven .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these taquitos are great ! had the meal with beef taco , pork taco , side of rice and beans , and hot sauce - excellent ! truly authentic mexican taquito flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! food was great , service was even better . the avocado salsa was life affirming . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i lived in northern illinois and made occasional day trips to madison , ear wax is a store that i always made time to stop in . not only do they have a great selection of music , but the owner is approachable , friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful ( i.e . the antithesis of john cusack 's character in high fidelity ) . he 's the kind of guy who deserves your business . also , they have a great punk rock sticker selection . who does n't like to put a few on his or her car ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crazy cool super little store jammed with some of the most obscure metal , punk and i do n't know what else on cd , vinyl , etc . even had a cassette section . did not buy anything this time but was amazed over and over browsing the racks of cd 's seeing albums and bands i use to listen to in the 80 's . need to go back here with more time to dig and buy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ear wax . great selection . new and old . great customer service as well . rob is the name of the guy i always see behind the counter . when asked questions about a record or band he does n't answer in a condescending `` i 'm more punk metal than you ' manner . i 've asked for his opinions on bands records old and new and he always answers with a knowledgeable and genuine response . this shop is a fucking gem of madison m", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every city needs a record store like ear wax . they 've been here for as long as i can remember . a little tucked away , right off state , up a flight of stairs and on the left on the second floor . its not huge , but it does n't need to be ; this place packs everything you could want into its space . fans of metal , punk , and all things dark and heavy will be pleased with the selection . i bought my first suicidal tendencies record here when i was a teenager ! : ' ) super nice , super helpful , super cool collection of things . total gem of a shop . if you 're an audiophile and you 're in town , make it a point to stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need punk or metal , they have it ! ! ! also , hesher and punk uniforms and gear . go there , noooowwwwwwww ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "badass shop . killer metal , punk , hardcore and underground selection . knowledgeable owner operator . fair prices . do n't pass it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're not careful , you might walk out of here with a bejewelled skull and no money . or maybe the broken shards of a slayer signed guitar . what about a violin with pointy screws sticking out of it ? i almost bought some metal baby gear , but stopped the money hemorrhage for once . boyfriend picked some cds from the discount box . if i had n't been feeling cheap , i would have pillaged the fairly extensive psychobilly section , but that will be a treat for another trip . need metal ? get ear wax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience at dr moyers office . i highly recommend dr moyer he really explains the treatment well and clearly explains all the options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. moyer and his staff are great ! i always leave feeling confident i about my treatment decisions . i have been to a few dentists in my lifetime and i trust dr. moyer with my teeth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over the top ! ! ! best gazpacho ever along with the most unusual and tasty steak tartar with quail egg . cheeses and deserts were wonderful . all in a quiet and sophisticated setting . best french ros\u00e9 in a long time as well as a great cotes de roussilion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant was located in the hotel i was staying at . i had already eaten dinner but thought about having an after dinner drink . the atmosphere is absolutely incredible , huge crystal chandeliers , massive sofas , beautiful lighting . the ceilings are at least 30 feet high . the details around all the walls really are beautiful . its as if your in a french palace . nice place to drink and kick back . the service was very good , but it should be for the cost of a drink . my vodka with soda water was $ 20.00 . i did n't mind since the atmosphere was so nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a place to go to experience sheer beauty and extravagance when it comes to the room and their great wine list . i 've attended two business dinners here . while i truly enjoyed drinking expensive french wines , the food is just too unconventional and strange . the other night i had the asparagus starter , which consisted of one under cooked fresh green spear , and one semi pickled white spear , the spears laid on two different kinds of foam and covered with flower petals and other garnishes . it looked more like a flower arrangement than a dish . for the main i had a strange concoction of freshly made fava beans pasta served with seafood and proscuito sauce . the pasta reminded me of buckwheat soba noodles . unfortunately this mixture was only tad better than the two spears of asparagus . however my carnivore colleagues thoroughly enjoyed their steak and foie gras .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this space . we came early ( pre-concert ) , shared a bunch of appetitzers from the bar menu , then when the dinner menu became available ( after 6pm ) , had shared a couple entrees . the food combo and flavours were excellent . staff service was wonderful , and we had great comfy seats in a gigantic booth overlooking most of the lounge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very original presentation for all the dishes . food was good . service was remarkable ! it 's always nice to have the sommelier explain the wine pairings . highly recommended for a lovely night out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first time in montreal , found this restaurant on open table & decided to give it a try . we were celebrating my parents anniversary & also my sister 's in laws anniversary . the staff was so accommodating , the food was incredible ( highly recommend the cobia dish & the rack of lamb ! ) the overall ambiance in the restaurant is elegant & classy . highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to have a very early breakfast on a sunday ( from 7am ! yes 7am on a sunday ) , tasty menu and very affordable prices for this type of restaurant . normally never busy , so if you looking to a stunning place where you will feel cozy and have a great service , this place will definitely please you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea at the st. james is fantastic . the decor is unbelievable . ( i 've had tea at the queen elizabeth hotel too , and it was ok , but served in the lobby , and i did n't give it high marks ) . my wife and i had tea here , and although expensive - was up there on the scale of wow . if you are in montreal and you want to have a little romance with your significant other - grab tea at the st. james . they sat us at a window table with huge wingback chairs that dwarfed us . then they started with a glass of wine , and then began tea . tea here is very traditional , including sandwiches , scones , etc . and you get stuffed . i know it sounds bit un-man-ly , but i love having tea ever since my wife gave up the secret of the food . if you are going to do tea in montreal and you want the total experience , this is the only place to go . suck it - queen e !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the eighties called and they want their pretentious food back . they charged me $ 12 dollars for one white and green asparagus spear covered a some sauce and edible flowers that were bitter and did not complement at all . sigh , it was also served on a mirror . i should have known the place was not good . completely empty from the time we started our meal until we left around 9pm .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is for the bar only . we grabbed a cocktail before heading out for dinner . we are staying at this hotel . the restaurant is beautiful . there are a handful of sets at the bar or a few tables in the bar area . we were immediately greater by staff . we ordered our standard french 75 drink . wow ! the best french 75 i have ever had ! with fresh squeezed lemon and generous pours of gin , these were simply amazing . the drinks are very expensive , however . but worth every penny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited montreal with a friend last week and this place turned out to be our favorite . we spotted the beautiful hotel le st-james building on our way from dinner - it was impossible not to stop by to look what it is like inside . we ended up having a couple of martinis at the bar here-the drinks were superb . the restaurant is beautiful , the stuff is extremely professional and nice . xo has the sophisticated vibe of the new york city speakeasies so it is perfect for a classy night out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "magnifique ! sophisticated and the cuisine was spectacular . this is the essence of fine dining and ambiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our first breakfast here the other morning and were not disappointed . vicki had the three egg white omelette and fresh berries while i had the banana and coconut pancakes and berries . the service was very good , food tasty and well presented . definitely one of the nicer hotel breakfasts i have had , up there with the georges v though the dining room is a bit dark for the morning", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a steak off the bar menu . outstanding . wife had the duck . outstanding food and service . well worth the price of admission .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love xo ! the service is always terrific , the food excellent and the ambience is out of this world . great for client meetings as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg this is the best restaurant i h as ve been at in years ! my husband and i shared the venison and filet . magnifique ! our server was the most hospitable and knowlegeable ever . the food , wine as nd service are worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch at xo le was serene and delightful . superb service and food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saturday late lunch at xo of salmon tartare ( offered in 3 or 5 ounce portion sizes ) and duck tartare ( only one serving size , about 3 ounces ) . both were served with a pistachio crouton . basically , very thinly sliced bread with pistachios baked in , and baked ( so it was crunchy like a cracker ) with butter . we ate everything , would definitely repeat this lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not so high on this place . the night we ate here it was really empty . there might have been one other table and we sat down around 7:30p . the interior looks like a small old palace . maybe it 's an old bank . super ornate but the walls were painted in a shinny gray color . it 's kind of strange . was n't my style . too trendy . the food was along the same lines . trendy and just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to xo for valentine 's day , the course was fixed , could n't order what i like , so i was a little be worried about the food . but l 'm so impressed by all the dishes , truly loved them all . i 'll definitely go back and bring my mom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . lovely . lovely hotel . had beautiful breakfast yesterday , now mimosas for the birthday boy . outstanding service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly fine dining . delicious tasting menu , impressive wine list , friendly and unpretentious staff , comfortable seating , and beautiful ambiance . the food and the staff made celebrating our anniversary a very special occasion . even the music was nice ! could n't ask for anything better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely stunning , the room resembles a modern palace de versailles with its grand balconies and decadent chandeliers . was in the area and came for a few drinks on a saturday night . service was stellar and our server seemed to be very knowledgeable being able to parlay quite a bit of information about different types of cognac ( our drink of choice for the night ) . although the restaurant was nearly empty , there were a few tables of formally dressed patrons . i think i even saw men dressed in tuxedos . will have to come back to try the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a great place to celebrate my birthday ! definitely one of the best meals we have had in montr\u00e9al . even better than toqu\u00e9 . as good as , maybe better than la chronique . we had the menu d\u00e9gustation with wine pairings and enjoyed every dish and wine . some highlights : kampachi sashimi , scallop and veal cheek , shrimp and yellow beet risotto , salmon confit . excellent service knowledgeable and pleasant staff . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dining experience would definitely recommend this restaurant for service and food quality . the decor and ambience is excellent , the service is stellar and you are not rushed through your meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad ! this place is overwhelming at first ! i love how the jewelry is organized by each color . some of the items are overpriced for the quality but they have a variety ... and i mean a variety , to choose from . they also have cute scarves and some clothing options organized according to color as well . love that ! i definitely will be coming back for some jewelry for my vegas trips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything is color coordinated here . this is a place to accessorize . it is organized and very big . i was in and out . most of the jewelry reminded me of the alley in los angeles . you can find a lot of it at the alley for 1.00 or less . but if you need something to go with that outfit and cant make it out to the alley lol then go here . it is a cute place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg , i was so overwhelmed i did not buy anything . they have everything and anything . color coordinated : shoes , jewelry , purse , wallets , clothes , bags , etc ... .. i could n't process all the things . prices are ok . i need to go back and figure out what i want to get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the one downtown has amazing customer service but i do not recommend shopping at the goodyear location . three workers were literally standing around the front door chatting and completely oblivious .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just spent 30 minutes looking for a scarf and was n't approached a single time for help . however the three employees had enough time to gather at the entrance talking about how one of them was going to rocky point . i was dressed down and comfortable in a pullover and sneakers , and this is the first time i 've ever noticed them treat me differently .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "enjoy this store . great customer service and friendly staff . everything is organized and i love the sales .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how have i not been in this store before ? if you like accessories-this is the place to come . the have every color imaginable including classic black and white . for some reason i thought this was mostly a clothing store but there are very few clothes and shoes . mostly purses and jewelry . to top it off everything was reasonable priced . i ca n't wait to come back and do some actual shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these two gals are approachably hip and make sure even the most delicate services are carried out in warm comfort . ( i also really appreciated that they did n't roll their eyes when i asked if it was possible to have my clit ripped off during a brazilian . ) the customer service is probably the best i 've encountered -- they make it so easy to confirm an appointment , while at other salons i 've literally given up after weeks of unreturned phone calls . they 're also gracious consultants and have steered me away from treatments or services that would n't have been my cup of tea . oh , and they are dog lovers . so , there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend dollface for a couple reasons . first , i 've worked with several brides that have had their makeup done by casey and they have looked amazing ! ! ! she was very careful in keeping with each girl 's style and they still looked like themselves but turned up several notches . ; ) perfect for photos ! after seeing casey 's gorgeous makeup work , i decided to make an appointment for a facial . for days and days afterward , my skin simply glowed ! it was awesome ! i ca n't wait to go back ! plus , the building is super cute and totally makes you feel girly-girl . a definite place to go for some pampering !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. guillermo fraga is a total prick , my wife had an appt today and the first thing he tells her is `` hurry up and tell me what 's wrong i have a lot of other patients waiting '' when she does tell him , he states , `` sorry we are doctor 's not miracle workers '' , then whatever type of problem she had he would just say `` then go to that specialist '' , `` stomach problem , go to a gastrologist '' , `` headaches go to a nuerologist '' , damn , if you pay me a doctor 's wage i could refer people all day to specialist for whatever symptoms they have . stay away from this dude , he 's a pos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this doctor , he is my family doctor and anytime i need to get in i never have to wait . the waiting time is so short i actually get in on my lunch hour and get back to work on time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. fraga is the most caring doctor i have ever had . his attention to detail and his complete professionalism is everything you expect in a doctor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. fraga was my dr. for 6 years when i lived in nv . he is wonderful . he took the time to listen to me and sincerely cared about my concerns . he is a no bs dr. and will tell you what he thinks . thank you dr. fraga .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i first saw dr fraga about 8 years ago and i 'm glad i did . he is an intelligent doctor with good instincts and offers sound practical advice . his diagnoses have always been accurate , albeit sometimes he recommends specialists to verify his assessment . other members of my family have been similarly impressed with him . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad tasty delight took over what was previously known as leslie cafe . food is amazing and the prices are fair . this restaurant gives you quality and quantity . for dinner , if you go with at least 4 people , you will usually get complimentary soup and dessert . they allow you to bring your own seafood and they can cook it for you for $ 10 plate . service is amazing . everyone is so polite with great manners and they smile all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found a huge bug in the noodle ! so gross ! totally ruined the morning on new year 's eve", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the new restaurant is owned by the same owner as the previous restaurant - leslie cafe . the waitress who served us has very bad attitude . bad customer service . we ordered the most typical hk style curry rice with beef brisket , it tasted so bland and it took them forever to cook . we also ordered beef satay noodle ... again , very bland ... . we are done with tasty delight , ex leslie cafe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm never coming back here unless the restaurant changes the policies again . as of today ? may 15th 2016 all of the set dinners ( usually includes soup , drink & dessert w the entree ) will only be served until 6pm ! what 's the point coming here now ? i totally live for those ! i know it 's so the establishment can make more revenue with hopes of people ordering the big dishes but it 's a little annoying . when our friends wanted to order anything with pork chop , nothing was available . ahh.. why is this restaurant even opened ? going to look for other alternatives for fast dinner . service was good . they were prompt and polite . our table also got comp chinese soup .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to this restaurant in the morning for an easy breakfast . i went with a friend , and ordered a breakfast of beef congee and deep fried dough . the breakfast in general was pretty average , it was not especially good or bad . the deep fried dough was pretty good . and the portion was fare , given the price they charged . i think the overall impression i have of this hong kong style cafe , which they like to call fusion , is that it is exactly what it advertise . casual hong kong comfort food , with no hassle and a affordable price . i would recommend to others in the area if they have a craving for hong kong style food or breakfast , and simply would like a not so expensive meal . the service was also friendly and efficient , which made the experience relatively enjoyable", "score": "3"}
{"review": "showed up for breakfast with parents . the prices here a bit higher than leslie cafe , but the food seems to be better quality . the menu is good , but they ran out of hash browns ( sad face ! ) , and did n't offer anything for replacement - an upgrade to condensed milk toast would 've been nice . i ordered a macaroni soup with spam and condensed milk toast . we also had two other breakfast meals ( one with eggs and spam and toast - and no hashbrown ) , and one egg and meat sandwich . the service here is good - they 're attentive and fast , but seemed to mix up orders every now and then . overall , a pass . if you visit before april 22nd , there ' 15 % off as part of their grand opening .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent place . pretty good hainanese chicken . the chicken fat soup that usually comes with it is premixed into the rice . the iced sweet and sour pork is pretty good , tho its just sweet and sour pork with ice cubes on it . its different , but nothing groundbreaking . the rest of the noodle dishes are okay , tho the noodles are a bit softer not al dente . overall , not a bad place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my biggest pet peeves at restaurants are unclean cups or bowls . tasty delight hit the jack pot of my pet peeve . i came here for the afternoon tea . one cup had tea stain , and the others had some black bits . i was already not too pleased before i ordered . the afternoon tea menu was quite limited . it does n't have the tradition `` a , b , c meal '' of hong kong cafe and lacks the variety of other fusion restaurants like phoenix . the price for breakfast , afternoon tea , lunch sets are expensive compared to other places . i wanted to order a baked spaghetti but it was $ 10 here where it could be $ 7-8 in other hk style cafes . the shanghai fried noodles was really greasy . the fried spaghetti was n't bad but there were a lot of raw onions . basically it tasted the same as fried soy sauce egg noodles but with spaghetti . if you called this fusion , so be it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tasty delight has replaced the formed leslie cafe , and i must say it has made a decent transition . this cafe is your typical hong kong style of what you expect . the food is good . there are the typical dishes of what you would normally find in this type of restaurant ( baked rice , noodle soups , milk tea , etc ) . the prices for any dish is reasonable , you will pay for what you expect . the service was quite efficient , the waiters were very attentive and a pleasure to talk with . overall , if you are looking for a quick bite to eat at a decent price . then check out tasty delight fusion house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is really good . ..no joke . ... .today its my first time to come here with my girlfriend after food market ( ing ) beside this restaurant.. ..and it turns out to be very good and im a bit conservative . ..so i order a japanese chicken teriyaki on rice.. ... and with the price range $ 8- $ 9 . ... it a lot to eat . ..i can not even finish it.. .not just that . ... the lady . .i guess she is the owner ( rebecca ) she gave us both a bowl of soup for try . ..and its pretty good ... just only a bit too light . ..anyways . .i will score 9 out of 10 . ..that missing 1 score will be too far for me to come . ..i personally live at downtown . .thats why . ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for dinner . originally ordered the bolognese . once it arrived , i started mixing the sauce and the noodles and became aware of a burnt odor . i smelled the dish and it had a very strong burnt smell . the staff was nice about replacing the dish but they said the bolognese was supposed to have a burnt taste ... .i did try one bite of the dish and it literally tasted like they burnt the bottom of the pot black and the black smoke had seeped into the sauce . i really hope that it 's not intentional as the burnt smell was quite strong . otherwise , the other dishes were ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "neither tasty nor delightful i am a big fan of their other location at don mills and finch , but dinner here was a miss . yes it 's better than the old leslie cafe but that is a low bar ... food took a half hour to arrive ( to which the waitress response was 'well , other tables have to wait too ' ) and the food was bland , especially our pepper beef on sizzling plate which was rubbery and tasteless . owner is very nice and seemed receptive to our comments so maybe we will come back at some point to see if there is improvement but they are in my penalty box for now", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was here for dinner and was surprise to see this new place . i was like ... .where 's lesile cafe ? ? ? ? first look at the menu , the price is more expensive . i liked lesile cafe before for the price and quality . this new place the quality is not bad . i had the portuguese style chicken rice . lots of sauce which i liked but not much chicken and lots of rice . for $ 10 , i think you can get the same at any food court . the service was amazing ! ! very friendly and welcoming .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for good chinese food ( cafe styles ) , definitely come here to get it in generous portions at an affordable price ! the people working here know how to do it , fast and done with smiles . lots of weekday deals as well as a good breakfast menu . located in a convenient plaza which has a chinese grocery store attached ... can do your shopping all in one go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this replacement of leslie cafe improved on the service , and the decor . however , the prices do reflect upon the better decor . the food is on par with what it was before , but you do get complimentary soup and dessert if you eat with 4 people . overall , a good improvement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extra star for service . had combo c for dinner and all the dishes were good . as described in chinese , there was enough `` wok hay '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is kind of a go-to hangout for me . they have some of the best hk style milk tea in the city . the food is decent enough but is certainly at a justifiable price point . good spot for breakfast and afternoon tea with accompanying menus to boot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this cafe is located in what was formerly also a hong kong cafe . they simply redid the name and decor . and increased the price a bit . in terms of food this place is decent . went to this place before for lunch . and today for breakfast . the breakfast is priced same as other hong kong places avereage meal is 5-7 dollars and includes a hot drink . overall a good deal when you compare it to western breakfast joint where average meal runs you a lot more . now the food was not bad . however i would not say its spectacular . the service is fast and efficent like all hong kong cafe joints are usually . i would recommend for anyone just want some hong kong food comfort food as it is a servicable restaurant that wont cost you an arm or leg", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here with some family around 6:30pm . they were a bit busy with their dinner rush . the wait was n't too long but they gave us menus and a piece of paper to write our orders down to speed up the process . they have the traditional hong kong style `` western meals '' as well as the asian dishes on their menu . service was mediocre . food : my uncle ordered spam , eggs and rice - which no one could possibly mess up so its a safe choice . my aunt ordered the curry chicken with rice - the curry was horrible ! there was no curry taste . asians love their rice and can tell the difference between stale and fresh rice ... let 's just say this is now on the list of worst rice we 've ever had . i ordered this seafood pasta with cream sauce - it was horrible , bland and disgusting . i could n't finish it . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is sooooo much better than the place that was previously here ( leslie cafe ) . the food is great and they give you free soup and dessert . service is attentive and nice . love their breakfast too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found out their best waitress , jeanette quit . the service today was absolutely horrid . they did n't even explain themselves . all they could say was sorry . i was there with my three kids and my wife and we had to wait 40 minutes to find out they did n't put the order in properly . it 's not like this was our first time at the place . actually we 've been here so many times we considered it our kitchen away from home . i will never return . disgusted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was there at 10:00 am for breakfast on july 22 , 2017 . i ordered the breakfast instant noodle soup with luncheon meat and egg . the first order contained a medium size fly in the dish . they took it back and said they will make another one for me . the second one came and there was a cockroach in it . i 'm disgusted ! i snapped a photo : https : drive.google.com file d 0bxrk9lzsx3nqz0vbq25bnnq3s1j1a2i4ufm5qkxinuqxa0lr view ? usp=sharing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible experience . i stepped in 9:30pm . and they say they are still open . because i do n't have cash and my order is below $ 10 , and because kitchen closed at 9:40pm and i ca n't order more , they let me pay before seeing food and charge $ 1.5 card process fee . moreover , by 9:50pm their cleaner started using mop to wipe floor with very disgusting disinfectant smell , before my finish . i know you guys want to go home early , but why not close your door at 9pm if you do n't want to serve ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tasty delight has been at the finch & leslie square for years , under various names , but the food has always been the same -- hong kong cafe food , mixing chinese stir-fry dishes with steaks and other western fare . the food here ranges from average to great . its lemongrass pork chops are maybe the best i 've had anywhere , better than the xe lua vietnamese thai restaurant in the same mall . the black-pepper chicken steak is slightly above average , with a sauce that 's hot but not fragrant enough , but the texture of the chicken steak is good . the mixed steak platter is a bit disappointing , with the sausage being pretty mediocre , and it 's filling but not especially delicious . however , one big plus of this place is the service . the staff is more friendly than at most other chinese eateries , and seating is pretty comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place with a decent meal with huge portions . nothing extraordinary , but will definitely fill you up . i have the rice noodle with pickled veggies and pork .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came by for lunch and was able to try out the true selections . they have a breakfast and tea time menu but do not have any lunch specials yet . the baked rice and steel plate meals do come with soup and hit drink included . i ordered the baked pork chop over rice with borsch soup and tea . the soup was well flavoured , the rice dish was again very well cooked and the pork chop was very flavorful and not overly tenderized like many other cafe 's . the rice was also an egg fried rice which added nice texture . their portions are well sized and served hot . the hk tea that came along was again well executed with good flavor and richness without being overly bitter . the place was packed for lunch and had a little wait for dishes but overall , this is a nice change from the previous leslie cafe that occupied the same space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "even though this hotel has been open for over a year , it still smells and feels new . i was amazed at what i got for the price . the main entry has a lot of spatial idiosyncracies that make the front counter , television area , and dining area separate yet remain integrated . i rather enjoyed the nuances that were present . the rooms were no different . so many different nuances and idiosyncracies in the design that just spoke to the comfort that i felt staying here . i enjoyed my stay and i will return again at some point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hotel . we had a quiet room that looked new . the beds were comfortable and my family had a great stay . breakfast was meh ... .but they had the basics . so no one went hungry . we 'd stay here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , comfortable , big tv and fast , free wireless . perfect for my quick overnight off the turnpike .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the rooms and hotel in general were very clean and modern ; they even have a tv in the bathroom . this was a pleasant surprise as i decided to stay here on a whim and i just happened to pick this location because it was closest to me . the breakfast was a little disappointing , both in selection and service . the food available was average , ranging from the typical cereals and breads to waffles . however egg availability was lacking and the bacon was never refilled , even though there was an attendant nearby . i 'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt as it was on a quiet monday morning . overall , a good selection for the area as it is right off the highway and is in close proximity to food options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst possible hotel . called to make reservation , put on hold 10 minutes . get there and booked a room , 3 hours later ( gentleman ) from the front desk comes to the door and says the cedit card was declined . asks us to leave . i called back and explained it was a mistake , he then said that we need to leave or he was calling the police . we grabbed our stuff and the police came . we were in shock . we left and checked into another hotel . two grown , professional adults and we were treated like criminals ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i make a reservation get a confirmation and after a long day of work go check in only to find out they overbooked had no room for me . never staying at this chain again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well , the room is reasonably clean but the internet is terrible , not a big deal unless you are a vacationer wanting to stay in touch with friends and loved ones or staying here on business and trying to get work done the room has lots of lights , many burnt out , four light bulbs in my room not working including the entire set over the desk breakfast area is nice food is very basic . same same desk help could care less about the inoperable internet , i 'm guessing they are tired of getting beat up about it nice size room , not what i consider a suite but not cramped", "score": "2"}
{"review": "omg ! best massage place in charlotte . for years i was always using groupon to find the perfect thearpist & never came across one to where i would come back on a regular basis until i saw rachel . her & drea are amazing ! their education is above & beyond & they are passionate with their craft . zoe massage is a hidden little gem off of park rd near montford . located in a building with 3 private quiet rooms that provide a homey vibe . they understand the difference pain & relaxation . its comforting to know that they are there to help you with any specific area and communicate with you if certain areas need more work than others . after leaving i always feel 100 % better either if its for a full body massage or she just worked on a certain area . highly recommend rachel or drea & they are reasonable priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love the new location and my massage with drea was amazing . she addressed both my need to relax and the pain i had in my body . i 'm looking forward to my next massage , which i 've already booked ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have visited zoe massage twice now , and i must say that this is the best place for a massage ! they really pay attention to your needs , and are true professionals . i will definitely be back again soon , and would highly recommend their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zoe massage and body work is a very professional , clean , and relaxing environment.the mts are very detailed and off a variety of massage and body work to fit your needs.im a trainer and work a full time job with plantars fasciitis . the pain has went from a 10 to a 2 in just 3 sessions . everything about the anatomy of the body is explained to you.the mts will not do anything you do not feel comfortable with and draping is required and the mts are very strict and professional about it.the prices are perfect and i recommend zo massage and body work over any chain massage establishment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have enjoyed rachel 's massages for several years and feel she 's the best around . i 'm a runner and she can always tell what part of my body is tight or sore , even when i sometimes ca n't . once she does , she goes to work on that spot and it 's always better when i leave . she also listens well to what my needs are for that day 's session and does deep tissue , relaxing , or whatever massage preference is the best fit . plus , her place is always clean , tidy , professional and relaxing . i recommend her highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a real hidden gem . literally . my gps did n't do a good job of getting me there . it 's behind the supercuts on park rd just north of seneca pl . amanda was my masseuse and i booker her for 90 min . had her focus on my back mainly and it was the best massage i 've had in charlotte . the only one i 've had that 's better is one in mexico over looking the ocean . i will be returning to zo\u00eb and requesting amanda 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . everyone i 've been to there is really really good . kaylene and rachel know what they are doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife has been getting massages by meredith for several months and kept encouraging me to go . i finally had the opportunity and experienced the best massage i 've ever had ! meredith 's gua-sha and visceral manipulation techniques are exactly what i need to address certain issues i 'm experiencing . her professionalism as well as explanation of what she 's doing and why she 's doing it are very much appreciated . it was an hour well spent and i 'll definitely be making regular visits to improve my health using meredith 's techniques .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i made a last minute reservation on valentine 's day , and the receptionist was very pleasant and eager to book my appointment . they accommodated my every request , and even sent a confirmation text shortly afterwards to confirm ( i like that a lot ! ) . when we arrived , it was a smaller business complex off of park road . they texted me a few hours before with some general directions , which was quite helpful . the suite was nice and cozy . i was blown away by all of the extra effort they put into our couples massage ! they had special decorations , candles , flowers , and even served us a glass of red wine before the massage ! ! ! so cool ! then the good part ... . i had rachel . from the moment she put her hands on me i was absolutely hypnotized . she specializes in deep tissue and had some great tricks up her sleeve . she rocked my world ( and i 've had a loooot of massages ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came to nc for a business trip and wanted a quality massage so our uber driver recommended zoe massage . my boyfriends massage was the best he ever had . based off her technique i think he got the girl i was supposed to be with . my lady was good and we were happy . it 's a cute room with bright lighting and clean . it 's not a spa environment which was fine because we were more in search of talent than environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down kaylene is the best therapist in charlotte . i was so sad when my therapist moved into doing prenatal massage only a few years back . after a bit of searching kaylene has filled her shoes and some . i am familiar with many different techniques but esalen was brand new to me . i will keep an open mind for other techniques but as far as i 'm concerned this is far and away my favorite style and technique and kaylene is truly talented . great location , great ambiance , great folks there at zoe . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kaylene bolla is the one to see if you want a massage ! her massage table is even heated ! that felt great when i went in to see her on march 8th for an hour 's massage . kaylene definitely knows what she 's doing ; i almost fell asleep while she was working on me . the only ( semi ) negative thing i have to say about zoe massage & bodywork regards their location . my appointment was at 3:00pm and afternoon traffic ( on the i-77 ) was atrocious ! zoe massage 's location is sort of a pain to get to also . i definitely recommend kaylene , but during her morning sessions . i 'll definitely be a repeat client with kaylene ... only i 'll make sure i reserve her morning appointments versus her afternoons . ~allen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best massage i have ever had ! ! drea is simply amazing ! ! ! she truly listens to your needs and goes into detail with you what she is going to do . she is very knowledgable about the body and you can immediately see her passion in massage therapy and serving others . i have lived in charlotte for going on 9 years and have yet to find a massage therapist that i absolutely love until i met drea . i have had many massages throughout my life all over the country and this is by far the best one yet ! ! so happy i found this place ! ! ! i can not say enough great things ! ! i will be seeing her monthly , if not more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i knew about this place when i moved here . i have struggled with pain in my legs and feet for years . just had a massage saturday and i have no pain and was in heaven ! it is a hidden little gem , and it 's amazing ! rachel gave me the best and most thorough massage of my life . i am so happy i found this place . ca n't wait for my next appointment ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hidden oasis is one of my favorite things about charlotte , and it 's all because of rachel ! she is the most knowledgable therapist i have ever encountered ; she was able to diagnosis and fix my low back pain that i had struggled with most of my adult life within just a few sessions ! the rooms are large and spacious , the office is quiet and peaceful , and the therapists are second to none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a 1.5 hr long massage last night . kaylene did an amazing job ! ! really took her time and worked out many knots and overall made me feel wonderful . i will definitely be coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad place for burrito . just a couple of things i found strange about their menu : 1 . noodles in your burrito ? never really heard of that . it 's a weird concept and i never really bothered to try it . 2 . cilantro is also strange . 3 . their beans look really funny . not appetizing at all . although staff is really friendly , the food is average . plus i think it 's a little pricey so i usually get the huge burrito to share with someone . this place is okay for burrito . not the best obviously . but it 's good enough after a work out and you just want to eat anything . they have vicinity rewards ... you get a free burrito after buying 12 ... lol ... if that entices you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delish . had a small and it was more than enough for lunch . adobo chicken with everything made medium hot . the place was pretty busy but the ppl behind the counter were not ( seemingly ) in a rush : ) which was a bit irritating . will totally go there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick and tasty is how i would start the conversation . very casual . serving the area and lots of local businesses . i 've never been disappointed on this lunch . mexican food and drinks all the way . this is a local gem serving all the classics from burritos , quesadillas , tacos and nachos . sizes goes from big to huge . they make everything fresh and in front of you . vegetarian friendly with fish , shrimp , saut\u00e9ed vegetables . not much seating here for diners . can fit maybe 20 people . they have takeout which is the way to go here . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "four more excellent burritos . ground beef , mango chicken , pulled pork , and a veggie . cilantro makes the burrito . you want a cold burrito , go back to chipotle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediocre place for burritos , definitely had better ones . i ordered a small chicken burrito ( ~ $ 8 ) . you got to customize what you wanted in the burrito , similar to subway . the toppings were n't that fresh and the flavour of the chicken was a bit bitter . i can say that i did n't feel the best after eating it ... so i do n't think i 'll be visiting again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wen here today to fill a burrito craving . comparing it to chipotle there is no comparison . it was a bit bland and not really that enjoyable to eat . would have been worth it to drive a but further for chipotle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here for a quick meal with some colleagues . i ordered the chipotle chicken burrito ( small ) , while my colleagues ordered the rice bowls . the burrito was average , and the selection of toppings were standard for a mexican fast food place . however , my burrito took a long time to come out . i felt bad for my colleagues , who waited for me as their rice bowls came out in 3 or 4 minutes . by the time they were done about half their rice bowl , my burrito finally arrived and i had to wolf it down to save time . maybe it 's just the burrito , but if i ever come back in a time crunch , i will remember to order the rice bowl .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here to fill a burrito fix since there 's nothing else nearby , and was extremely disappointed . we walked in around 7:30pm on a thursday and there were hardly any ingredients left , with a ton of fruit flies everywhere . of the ingredients still available , nothing looked fresh . only noticed this after we ordered and paid , as the ingredient station is around the side . have to admit ... very weird process - noodles ? and once the burrito was made , had to wait about 10-15 minutes for it to just be grilled . overall , will not be back again . i 'd rather drive an extra 20 minutes to a chipotle . if golden burrito staff are reading - please get rid of those fruit flies ! ! ! ca n't be good on the health and safety scale to have at least 2 dozen flies landing on and flying around your open `` fresh '' ingredients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is an example of the right idea at the right location . too bad the execution leaves a lot to be desired . their burritos are bland and mushy . they also take an excessively long time to prepare . none of this seems to matter , there 's nothing like it in the area so the place is always busy . i love burritos and work in a near by office complex but can only get myself to come here once a month or so . the decor is just as half-assed as the food . 10 bucks goes a lot further at the quiznos around the corner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i tried out this new burrito spot because one of his coworkers told him about it . the food was alright . the flavor was there but the chicken was n't . very small portions , even for the `` huge '' burrito . the one and only thing that pissed me off was the fact that when the girl was preparing our burritos , she picked up the rice and noodles with her hands ( with gloves on ) , when there was fully a spoon to scoop it ! that 's unsanitary and honestly , i just found it odd . personally , i would never come back here again or recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good burrito . huge is really huge . fresh ingredients . lots of variety from halibut to shrimp , to five different types of chicken ( ceasar , adobo , etc . ) i stuck with chicken and it was well made . reasonably priced . first time was a little dry , second time got extra burrito sauce and it was perfect . better than chipotle as the previous reviewer said . hope this place sticks around . we need a good burrito place in this area . closes early so not good for late night eats . would be a 5 if it was open late a la burrito boyz and some of the other joints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's an aight burrito . not the best but i do n't think anyone actually expects much anyways . tacos are blessed tho . i only come for that hot chick who works on there on weekends to be honest", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burrito was awseome . you tell them what kind of meat you want . then you move to another station to pick your toppings . one of my favorite toppings was the chow mien and guacamole with no extra charge . the fries were a whole different story , could n't stop eating them . that 's how good the fries were .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite burrito place . i have been to all others and this place is amazing . their hit sauce is hot and delicious . i love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best mexican restaurants in toronto . the fish and shrimp burrito and fries supreme is excellent for munchies . they need better ventilation but over all a good choice for lunch..just expect your clothes to smell like smoke", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've come here 3 times so far . very tasty , and friendly service . only thing was once i found a little piece of bone in the chicken . but i guess that it 's a sign they use actual meat ( laugh ) . definitely worth it especially if you work nearby and need a quick tasty lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would say these guys are in line with burrito boys and fat bastard . definitely worth a try ! i live in the area so at this point i 've tried most of their burritos . similar to the other burrito joints , the hot sauce is really hot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favourite place to get burritos ! i brought my friends and family to this place and they all rave how tasty and delicious its burritos are . the staff are very kind and nice as well . i always leave this place feeling satisfied with the food and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place clean food tastes great i found it a bit expensive but not out of control better then alot of other more popular burrito places", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ! this is a great place with a friendly staff . it lacked a bit of flavour but all in all great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a burrito in thornhill , this place is it.tried this place out last night and i came away very happy . i have had my fair share of burrito boyz and golden burrito seemed to be on par better than them . only reason they get 4 stars and not 5 is i 'm a tough critic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had golden burrito a few times now and it never disappoints . i usually order the small bean and cheese with all the toppings and the burrito is always grilled to perfection . they have a unique noodle filling which i was first skeptical about but it really adds to the flavour . ingredients are fresh and tasty and the hot sauce is actually really hot ( very similar to burrito boyz on adelaide ) . they should considering adding a soy meat burrito for vegetarians . they also have a yam burrito which i will try at some point . prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly . looking forward to my next meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a craving for a burrito and this place is close to my work so we thought to give this place a try . fortunately we arrived just after 12 noon because not long after that the place was jammed with customers ! the service was very friendly . the decor definitely needs refreshing ! i have to say that i 've had better burritos . these were just sort of blah ! ! i had the adobo chicken burrito . i 'd probably try burrito boyz next time i have a craving !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "burrito was fantastic ! very satisfying ! for something called a `` massive '' burrito , i was expecting something a little more epic considering the price . the service was a little slow . it took a while to finish cooking the burrito unlike most places i go to but i chalk that up as a better quality . when someone takes their time serving the customer , why should that be considered a detriment ? in any case , the menu was good and i 'm glad they do n't charge extra for guacamole ! as a local mexican place , i 'll be sure to check it out again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burritos are huge and awesome . i always order the small chicken because it 's massive , tasty and filling . i have also tried their chips , beef burrito and chicken nuggets ... all great ! chicken nugget combo is $ 4.99 and comes with a lot of food . their prices are reasonable . their service is fast and friendly . it 's a fast food restaurant , so do n't expect much from their decor . they only have about 6-8 tables . does n't matter though ... the food is really really good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times and i have been pleased each visit . i usually get the pulled pork burrito and it is always great . the large nachos are a great portion for 2 . ( for 2 people and nachos it 's about $ 28- $ 30 inc tax . price is very reasonable and good portions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing lunch spot . a wonderful burrito and you can have it so many different ways . a unique feature the golden burrito provides is the grilling of the burrito on a flat-top to both seal the tortilla shut and heat the contents . the small burrito is filling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely had better buritos before but i love buritos and i love to see more of these burito places around . the burito wasnt great flavor wise but it was fresh and in decent size . i wish it was more authentic and had more `` mexican '' feel to it . good choice if you 're looking for food variety in this area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an o.k . burrito . we ordered one chicken burrito and one with pulled pork , both were pretty dry ( pulled pork was worse ) so it ruined the burrito a little , rest of the toppings were pretty tasty . will not go there on purpose but if im in the area and need something fast i might come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was average , but hit the spot . not the best i 've had but i like the variety they offer in their `` special burritos '' . i 'll definitely be back since it 's closer to my school than other burrito places . in comparison to bigger chains like chiptole or burrito boyz , they are not up to par .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just happened to come across this place for lunch . ordered a promoted day of the week deal - 3 hard shelled tacos - 1 chicken , 1 beef , 1 pork for $ 5 or something like that . not bad , i 'd go back to try other stuff on the menu.. a burrito perhaps .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was not a good experience . the cut , color and even the `` deep conditioner '' were nothing special . i have never had a worse style . she just kept drying it until i told her to stop when it was clear she was n't really styling my hair , just making it stick straight by over drying . kim 's techniques and even persona seem trapped in the '80 's , so if you are looking for a salon that stays up with styles and techniques , this is not the place to go . there is a reason that kim has to do deals on yelp , groupon and living social to attract new clients . i doubt many clients stay with her and i definitely will not return . if you add on any services , she will overcharge to try and make up money there . it ended up costing more that much nicer salons when it was all said and done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom and i bought a groupon for brazilian blowout for fancy that salon . we decided to give it a go after trying numerous other straightening systems and stylists . kim was extremely knowledgable and very sweet . we felt very at home with her and she thoroughly explained any questions we had . i was unsure how i would like the brazilian since most of the other straighteners have n't worked great for me but so far , i am thrilled ! after my first wash , i already saw an immediate difference imbue long it took me to style my hair and how easy it was to get it straight . bye bye frizz ! i will totally use kim again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a brazilian blowout using a groupon deal and it is fantastic . she is very friendly and the place is very nice . i am looking forward to go there again for my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased an amazon local voucher for fancy that salon for waxing . kim was amazing ! great at shaping , fast and as pain free as possible . i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a brazilian blowout deal from livingsocial and i was a little apprehensive about trying a new stylist . i had moved from san diego and had had the same stylist for over 5 years . kim was incredible . she was so thorough and gave me such great tips on beauty and health ( not just for my hair ! ) my hair looks and feels amazing . i would highly recommend her ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a brazilian blowout using a living social deal for fancy that salon ! i absolutely love my hair after the brazilian blowout ! it looks so shiny and feels so soft and smooth ! ! ! kim is fantastic ! she 's very sweet and fun . i 'm definitely coming back for my next brazilian blowout in 12 weeks ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it . this was my first time trying the brazilian blowout . she was very knowledge and explain everything at front and gave me print out instructions for the after care . karina .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with kim was pretty perfect ! i had n't done anything to my hair out of fear and being a new mom . but i found the time to take some time for myself and come see her . i found her on groupon , she has superb deals on there as well as livingsocial , her deals are so good i had a hard time choosing which one to buy . i 'd like to purchase all of them ! but with her help i feel like my hair has a chance again , and not only that but it has potential ! after one visit to her my hair feels alive again . i 'm excited to go see her again , hopefully within the next few weeks . another thing i liked is that she has online scheduling ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kim is the best ! ! she takes the time to get to know you and determine exactly how to get the look i wanted . im always happy when i leave and she 's so easy to get along with too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kim is amazing . i have been going to her for several years now after a series of unfortunate haircuts at other salons . my hair is finally where i want it to be ! i highly recommend kim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the changes i 've seen in my hair since i 've been with kim ! brazilian has been amazing and the olaplex has done wonders . hair has been growing and the color is superb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy i found kim ! she always gets it exactly right . tried something new today and she nailed it . perfect cut and gorgeous natural blonde highlights . go see her , she 's amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to kim for the first time last week and got a brazilian blowout . i 've never had one before and i do n't know how long it will last but i 'm loving it so far . she was kind friendly and a joy to talk to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with dr. agata majewski knowledge and attitude . she is very caring and patient-oriented . i 'm often rushed through doctor visits , this was not the case at owl optometry . the receptionist was very helpful and friendly . very cool frame selection and brands that you wo n't find anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. majewski is a great optometrist ! she 's nice , friendly , patient and super easy going . she is very knowledgeable and was able to answer any questions that i have in regards to laser eye surgery and post-surgery care . the newly renovated office is brightly lit , equipped with the latest technology and new equipment . booking an appointment online was easy and simple . open on saturdays , the hours easily accommodates my busy schedule . i would highly recommend to anyone looking for a professional and thorough eye exam .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great professional friendly service . lots of current styles to choose from , and i was able to get an eye exam on the same day . 5 out of 5 stars ! thanks owl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went in to get our eyes checked after it had been way too long . dr. majewski was extremely friendly , kind , accommodating , and knowledgable . i feel like she actually wanted to get to know us and what we do to ensure we are taking proper care of our eyes . if you 're looking for a nice family friendly optometrist in roncy , owl ca n't be beat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked an appointment for an eye exam as it 's been ( and i 'm sure i 'm not the only one ) waaaay too long since i had my eyes checked . owl has recently opened up on roncy . it looked modern , fresh and stylish . as i was also hoping to get some new frames , this place looked great . i went in today for my eye appointment . dr. majewski was great ! relaxed and easy going . she did n't make me feel ( too ) bad about having neglected my eyes for the past few years . the best part was after my exam was done ... picking out new glasses ! there were so many nice ones to choose from . she even had a few minutes between patients to give me some yay or nay votes as i tried on some frames . i ca n't wait to pick up my new glasses next week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "superb ! had trouble getting what i wanted from another optometrist . owl went out of their way to get me the right thing . hand-written thank you cards ? yes ! great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great experience ! everyone was super friendly ! so glad i went out of my way to come to this place , it was worth it . i will for sure come back here again and will recommend it to all my friends . sad i missed the dog , another time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exam fees are too high ! my insurance only covers $ 50 . try walmart vision center in dufferin mall where my hubby got his exam done - about $ 65 or so .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here because i was due to get my eyes checked and was looking for something in my area . making an appointment is easy and i like that you can do everything online , including filling in the patient intake form . dr m. saw me and she was really friendly and personable . the prescription on my contacts changed , and i was given 2 brands to sample before i made a decision for which one to buy . they sell contacts and seem to price match with clearly contacts , but there 's no pressure either way . she also sees kids for check ups . i brought in my 6 month old ( hoping she does n't get my poor eyesight ) i also learnt that check ups for kids under 20 is covered by ohip . i 'm really happy i found this place and dr. their glasses are $ $ $ but worthwhile checking out if you 're into trendy new styles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i happened to pass by with a couple of friends for a quick bite and a refreshing beer . we ordered a couple of different things to give it a try and let me tell you , we were not disappointed . we tried the pastor , bistek and chorizo . hands down , chorizo ( although a tad too salty ) was the absolute best ! this place really reminds me of authentic mexican food . you will not be disappointed . a must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place and go as often as i can , real authentic tacos . closest to those i had when visiting mexico city and aguascalientes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the most authentic mexican place in town . hands down . you wo n't find valet , table cloths , d-d waitresses , or champagne here . instead , you will find some very authentic mexican tacos with good queso , pasztor , and all other goodies . drinks are simple . you get your standard mexican jumex , jarritos , and other mexican drinks as well as some mexican beers . food is great . all tacos are awesome . pasztor is properly done . la gringa deserves special mention . la matraca sandwich is mind-blowing . especially combined with one of their 3 signature sauces ( which i literally spooned ) . their terrace is not bad , however it is facing busy st. denis . good for watching your car not to get a ticket . bad to relax . oh , and they should definitely throw out those disgustingly uncomfortable wooden terrace chairs . all in all - great mexican food , cheap , and authentic . i understand it is hard for mexicans to get to montreal ( 2 borders to cross is much harder than 1 ) . finally some arrived ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go-to taqueria in montreal . authentic mexican tacos . no old el passo b.s . my gfs and i come to this place on a monthly basis almost . not much decor or ambiance ; it 's a chill , unpretentious place . the tacos are simple ; 3-4 ingredients at most . just the way a taco is meant to be . and the sauces are to die for ! my mouth just watered ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bonne bouffe les tacos traditionnel son bien fait avec les sauces qui accompagne . adore les petites entr\u00e9es les flautas et le guacamole . je n'ai pas gouter les tortas mais la portions est \u00e9norme . \u00e0 chaque fois que je vais \u00e0 la matraca je commande un peu de tout et ressort remplie \u00e0 souhait , les portions on l'air petites mais ce n'est qu'une illusion . je recommande les tacos al pastor mes pr\u00e9fere et mon go-to meal pour chaque restaurant mexicain que j'essaye .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really liked la matraca for the simplicity of the place and authenticity of their tacos ! will be back : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend recommended this place to us . it looks scratchy like a fast food joint but it was a bang for your bucks and packed with flavours . the server was very friendly and made some really good recommendations to us . their tacos , sandwiches were so good . same as their sauces . beware that the most spicy one is really spicy ! the medium one worked the best for me as a accompany to all of my dishes . however , their desserts were very disappointing . the pudding was very bitter and the cheesecake was rock hard . but it worth the long walk from dt montreal to mt royal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had such high hopes for this place . just moved here from the states and so far have not found good , authentic mexican food in montreal . la matraca was suggested to me so i tried it out . no salsa ? no chips and salsa ? and the tacos were sub-par . all the flavors were off and the quality of the beef was poor- fatty and chewy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cette place se veut \u00eatre ce qui ressemble le plus \u00e0 une taqueria , soit un taco shop . c'est tr\u00e8s typique , sans y aller dans l'artificiel mexicain qu'on peut trouver chez les tr\u00e8s amigos avec les gros daiquiris . c'est du mexicain , du maudit bon mexicain . j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 l\u00e0 un midi pour combler mon craving de mexicain , je n'ai pas \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7u . il faut par contre noter que le temps pour que le lunch soit pr\u00eat est d'au moins 15 minutes . je conseillerais d'appeler d'avance pour peut-\u00eatre pr\u00e9parer le menu avant . vous ne penserez plus jamais que le taco de ol del paso est un taco apr\u00e8s avoir manger l\u00e0-bas . gros wow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having grown up in southern california , i 'm a bit of a mexican food snob , to put it lightly . i had been trying to find good , `` authentic '' mexican food in montreal during the three years i 've been living here , with little luck , until i finally found la metraca while wandering along st. denis . i began to get my hopes up after reading the menu ( which was actually in spanish ! ) , and the food did not disappoint ! absolutely delicious tacos , and i 'm dying to go back . the service was a bit slow , but the terrace outside was packed with people . still gets my 5 stars . this place definitely deserves a higher yelp rating than it currently has .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you have to assume this place is authentic mexican when everyone in the restaurant is mexican except yourself . the food is great , the service is friendly and the ambience is inviting . this is definitely a spot i will visit again . the only reason i give 4 stars instead of 5 is simply because there is absolutely no english in the restaurant which is typically ok because i have a good understanding of french however , when i asked the waiter and waitress to explain a few ingredients to me they had a lot of trouble . another knock would be that when i ordered 2 different styles of tacos , they tasted very similar and finally they do not accept credit cards . other than that i have to say the place is great and i also think that the sauces that they give are amazing . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it sucks , the meat is full of fat , and it is expensive for what they offer . i do not recommend at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice mexican food , i liked it . reasonable price . they say they want to be as close as possible to a mexican taqueria , so there are no chips with guac or salsa , which are not traditional mexican . the ambiance is very casual ; would be nice if it were just a bit fancier . service was pretty good . they charged us too much at first but my husband noticed so they recomputed and gave us the correct amount of change afterwards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my partner and i went to la matraca on a saturday afternoon , and the food and service were amazing . mind you , the place was pretty dead when we got there and slowly picked up for the dinner rush . i ordered the marinated pork tacos , as they state that they are known for their tacos , and boy oh boy ! as a die-hard mexican food snob , i 'm happy to say that la matraca is authentic , delicious , and well priced . quite easily , the best tacos in montreal . forget the imitators , for real tacos , this is the place to beat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loooove tacos . and i 've had tacos in many different places in mexico . la matraca is pretty authentic , as far as i 'm concerned . extremely efficient and fast service ( like a real taqueria ) , great and cheap food . do yourself a favor , order some tacos al pastor , some horchata , and enjoy mexico in montreal : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic mexican street foot in a thoroughly unpretentious atmosphere . the sauces are lovely , although the wooden spoons in the salsa jars are a health code violation waiting to happen ( see checkpoint charlie 's circa 2003 ) . that said , the food is wonderful . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mexican restaurant by far i have tried in montreal . the tacos taste exactly like they do in mexico , the salsa is delicious , the tortillas could n't be better , they also have some mexican sodas and candies . the service is also very good . simply amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most authentic tacos and tortas i 've had in montreal ! if you have a craving for delicious mexican food at reasonable prices , this is the place to come . does not compare with all those tex-mex restaurants wan na be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an authentic mexican restaurant not a carlos and pepe ! the tacos here are really good , there 's nothing fancy here but the food is like you 're eating in mexico ( i asked the 2 mexicans friends that were with me and they agree ! ) . i suggest you eat there at least once and see if you like it , as for me it was good but i wo n't eat there every week ! fran\u00e7ais : la matraca est un restaurant mexicain authentique et pas un carlos and pepe ! les tacos ici sont tr\u00e8s bon , tout est simple dans ce restaurant et la nourriture est identique \u00e0 ce que vous pourriez manger au mexique ( j'ai demand\u00e9 \u00e0 2 amis mexicains qui \u00e9taient avec moi , et ils sont d'accord avec \u00e7a ! ) . je sugg\u00e8re que vous mangiez ici au moins une fois afin de voir si \u00e7a vous convient , pour ma part c'\u00e9tait bon mais je ne mangerais pas ici chaque semaine !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the guy kept us waiting by the door for more than 10min , just to clean a table for two people ... on a half-empty restaurant . we inquired about the status of the table in french . he did n't even looked at us . tried again in english later ... same ... tried spanish ; nada . he just totally ignored us . we ended up going somewhere else for pasta . bummer , since i really wanted to try this place : - (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hubby and i really like this place but are aware that it might not be everyone 's cup of tea . sure prices seem reasonable ( one taco for ~ $ 2-3 ? pile them on ! ) but i can easily eat 5 tacos and that 's before i venture into the appetizers and sandwich territory . we do n't order drinks and we have yet to eat there for less than $ 45 for two people . it 's tricky because you feel like you should be paying half that price for food and atmosphere that 's basically fast-food , but there are not a lot of mexican-style taco ( soft shell , not hard shell ) options around here so you take what you can get . we 've probably tried all the taco varieties and usually get a bunch of those ( ~10 ? ca n't go wrong with any of them , although personally i 'm a fan of the pastor , and hubby loves the chorizo ) plus a torta and appetizer to split , and we need to be rolled out the door when we 're done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their tacos and tortas are exactly what you could eat in mexico . the staff is very nice and courteous and the place is nice too . i particularly liked the posters explaining the proper taco etiquette . good place to practice your spanish too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "su-per de-lish-ish ! i went to this place with some friends with no expectations and was really happy ! i really do n't know much about mexican food so my descriptions are for the lay-men to this cuisine ... they make this little tacos and mine had chorizo in it - how can you go wrong ? ! also , i got horchata which i had only known about because vampire weekend makes catchy songs and it was also very good - think eggnog for the vegan ( it is actually a rice-based milk drink with cinnamon and things ! ) . anyway , i will definitely go back ! ! the tacos are supah cheap and it is the type of restaurant where you can say `` give me one of everything ! '' and actually afford it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i clearly missed something when i went to la matraca over the past weekend.. the menu was very affordable and the place was packed which is always a great sight ! after looking over the menu , i asked about chicken , not available - ok. next , i asked for some gauc , and again - no . i said can you bring some avocado and she said ok definitely can be done - awesome ! they charge for cilantro.. which is just odd ! i got barely quarter of an avocado for $ 1.25 ? ! ? ! ? ! are you actually serious ? ? the food was kind of mediocre , felt much to be desired and i was still hungry afterwards .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious tacos . i got the pineapple one , waited around 7-8 mins . i was not full but it 's not what they a promising i guess . tacos + hibiscus drink = around $ 15 . i would go there for special occasions because for that price you can easily have a good dinner somewhere else . but again this is street food , more of a tasting and enjoying spot than . getting full .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really happy as i realized that this restaurant actually served real tacos al pastor ! ! i 've been here a few times and have tried a few things and everything tastes like mexico . while i 've never had any problems with the service some of my friends , to whom i recommended this restaurant to , have and that disappointed me a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these are the best tacos i have ever eaten . i 'm not kidding . the pastor and suadero are my favorites , but nothing beats the flautitas . great people who work there too . we do n't leave close enough to go as often as we would like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not many mexican restaurants here in the neighborhood , finally found one nearby and gave it a try . we like the place very much . tacos are small but delicious at great price i could easily eat 10 of them myself . they serve tacos with homemade sauce ( 3 kinds ) and they taste very authentic . even their sandwiches are great . take a sip of mexican beer and a bite of beef taco , it will send you to heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super tacos , staff sympa , bien situ\u00e9 : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was referred here by a mexican guy that swore the flavors of this restaurant are exactly like home and since i 'm not from there i 'll have to take his word . on the plus side .. great selection , friendly staff , quick service and great taste . on the minus side ( like many latin restos ) ..decor..decor..decor but they do have a great terrasse to enjoy the good meal", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'ai d\u00e9guster un bon repas .c'\u00e9tait des enchilada . la texture de la nourriture \u00e9tait agr\u00e9able et le go\u00fbt \u00e9tait vraiment bon . je trouve que c'est une belle ambiance . j'y retournerai pour m'acheter d'autre chose", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to tried the closes thing to mexican tacos , this is the place . they have some of the typical tacos you 'd find in a place in mexico . the horchata water hit the spot too , its a thing to tried . we tried tortas too , ( mexican sandwich ) and it deserve an opportunity too . i gave them 4 stars just because they did n't accept card , all must to be in cash . but the service is very good and the decoration is nice too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried this place on our jaunt around mont royal . the food was decent , and the sauces salsas they serve are pretty good . the oxcacan cheese quesadillas are some of our favorite ( we make them at home ) , so we were glad to see them on the menu . i tried a torta with 3 meats . it was good , but the bread was n't very tasty . my husband had the pastor tacos and thought they were good , but the raw onions and pineapple overpowered the flavor of the meat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there for lunch with my girlfriend . the waitress was really nice and helpful . we got the pork quesadillas . did n't taste that mexican but still really delicious . the entr\u00e9es are also really good . good restaurant if you want to try a couple of different things on the menu because they 're decent portions for pretty cheap . it 's a good fast mexican restaurant , i 'd recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good olace , good tacos , a bit over price for what you get but stil afordable , the service is ok , but sucks that they dont accept any debit or credit cards , also the food took really long time to come out even there was only 3 tables by the time we were there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very friendly staff i see regulars coming here , we were here for the traditional breakfast it was satisfying , high protein breakfast . nothing extraordinary just a change from the fancy brunches on plateau . will be back to try the tacos for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "la matraca est la plus authentique taqueria \u00e0 montr\u00e9al pour manger des tacos \u00e0 un prix abordable , tout simplement d\u00e9licieux . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "d\u00e9licieuse bouffe mexicaine authentique ... \u00e7a go\u00fbte le mexique ! ! ! par contre les portions sont petites et on doit en redemander encore ... .. mais j'y retourne pour les saveurs et l'ambiance \u00e0 coup s\u00fbr ! et aussi pour les bi\u00e8res mexicaines et la terrasse ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "truly an authentic mexican restaurant the service was fast and attentive and you can watch as the chefs prepare and cook your meal , the place was very clean and homey as well , we tried a selection of tacos , gringas , mexican sandwich , and two entrees , the waitress brought three sauces to add , a hot , medium , and green sauce ( not guacamole )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty expensive i can not believe that they even charge for a pice of lemon , the tacos are really small maybe the half than other mexican restaurants and the prices are twice more expensive , the quality not that bad but still expensive for what you get . i never come-back at least you do n't know an other mexican restaurant or `` taqueria '' but there is a lot much better in montreal", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great cj-style tacos with df-style tortas thrown in . my pal and i wandered in on their second day to satisfy my desperate desire for tasty pastor , and i was shocked at how well these guys delivered . in numerous subsequent visits , the same . and already , the place is very popular , which pleases me for suggesting staying power . i 've tried everything on the ( rather short , as it should be ) menu , and everything is worthwhile . torta la matraca almost makes me cry for reminding me of home . \u00a1aut\u00e9nticos tacos y tortas de recetas mexicanas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to la matraca with my friends who are from mexico . they told me that this was the way mexican food is in mexico and i was not disappointed ! i was delicious and not expensive . it is a fast-food kind of place , so not a very fancy place , but it was perfect for a casual dining experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is n't fancy , but there 's nothing fancy about tacos anyways.. and that 's exactly what you want . tortilla , meat , cheese , hot sauce and the proper eating position so that you do n't need to be breaking out a tide-to-go stick in the middle of a taqueria . prices are reasonable , so it 'll be easy for you to try at least a few items on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'ai trouv\u00e9 des bons saveurs avec leur tacos vari\u00e9s mais ils n'ont pas au poulet . pas de nachos pour accompagner les spicy sauces offertes \u00e0 chaque table mais vous pouvez acheter des tortillas \u00e0 0,50c pour tremper dans les sauces . la deco un peu neglig\u00e9 mais on mange bien . la horchata bien sucr\u00e9e comme j'aime ; )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the tacos here are amazing . especially the campechano and suadero . the choriqueso is also one of my favourites . my husband and i have been coming here for the last 3-4 years . the staff is friendly and we have n't had any issues at all . i do n't really consider this place a 'restaurant ' it is more of a mexican fast food , taqueria . if you tend to eat a lot , the prices can really add up and it 's a bit expensive but for more conservative eaters it is pretty affordable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am obsessed with tacos and this is my go-to spot in montreal , which is not a small thing . a bit pricey in my opinion , but this is as close to mexico as you can get in terms of flavor . suadero and al pastor are very tasty . my only problem with the place is they are cash only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for authentic mexican food at a great price , this is the place ! awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reasonably-priced a la carte mexican . decent little terrace . weak selection of vegetarian . be prepared for a massive dose of cheese .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did not like this place . the only thing i think it had going for it was the red salsa at the salsa bar . i ordered a plate of adobada and that shit was burnt . i 'm not saying it was well done , that would have been fine . what i 'm saying is , i did n't have one bite that did n't taste like charred bullshit . i had to drown my shit in salsa . they did give me tons of onions and cilantro as if to say `` here , we know we messed up . put this all over your food to make it better '' . the rice was flavorless and mushy . the beans tasted old and had hard spots in them . bummed out . i 've never trashed a place in a review before , it does n't feel good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone in vegas raves about robertos carne asada fries but don tortaco has the best in vegas ! ! ! my brother showed me this place when i first moved out here and it is amazing ! the quality is really good especially for the price . i never stray away from my beloved carne asada fries but i 've had their burritos and they are amazing too . also they 're 24 hours ( at least this location ) so late night munchies are a must here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dinner was amazing tonight very flavorful , staff very courteous . made us feel like part of the family . definitely coming back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time coming here . place wide open alot sitting the manu is very similar to roberto manu . i ordered the chicken tostadas . i asked cashier what came on the tostadas , and they didnt quiet have all the real ingredients for a real mexican tostada . i was being optimistic and went ahead and ordered it . it was very plain not much flavor and i asked if i can get rice on the side and i got beans instead ... the price was reasonable not bad the service is very good , the music playing was truly mexican . likes it alot had me on memory lane of my childhood lol . they had ( ficente fernandez ) back to back . overall i do n't know if ill try it again ... probably wo n't come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great authentic mexican food . very affordable and you get a lot of food for what you pay ... love there tropical drink.. the pi\u00f1a colada is a great summer drink to beat the heat and enjoy a quisine for you and your family.. i definitely recommend the # 1 chicken or beef rolled tacos and there burritos are muy buena ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have gone to one other don tortaco other than this one . i thought the food was far superior to robertos but the service was terrible at this location . my boyfriend likes his burritos with meat , bean and rice . no guac and no pico . they wanted to charge him more for ingredients that cost less . and said they ca n't do that for him . they just lost a customer . ended up going to robertos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was formerly known as roberto 's . this is my favorite taco spot ! this specific location only ! i always get the same thing here and that is the carne asada fries with everything but beans . they usually make the fries crunchy but not burnt , but today some of them were soggy . i am a big fan of their food here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was very tasty and very inexpensive . i ca n't wait to go back and try their chips and cheese . we had 2 hard shell beef tacos and a chicken burrito .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it looks like mexican food but is very bland . i asked if i could get a plate with just one item and was told yes . which is why i was surprised at the expense . it was pricy because i got a two item plate . i do n't know if i 'll try it again . of i do , i 'll do another review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think i just ate the largest chimichanga known to man that should have been featured on man vs food . this place was wide open with only 5 other patrons in the building but the food was solid . their chimichanga had slow roasted beef in it in a nice crispy fried tortilla . the fianc\u00e9 had a carne asada burrito that was not only big but a delightfully flavorful asada which plenty of spice and depth . dinner for 3 was about $ 20 . super cheap , tasty and efficient . we 'll definitely be back again since it 's between walmart and smith 's . there is a video bar adjacent to it which we might try out next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place , food is inexpensive and so good . always fresh , you can see the cooks back there preparing . always greeted with a smile and they are so patient , as i never know what i want right when i come in . my family all love their food here , great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the portions are big i had the chicken chimichanga combo with rice , beans , guacamole and sour cream . it was good but a little bit to heavy for my liking . if i 'm starving and in the mood for mexican food i would come back . this place reminds me of roberto 's . they also are next door to a pt 's so that 's a plus = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's nice that they are 24 hours especially since they 're connected to pts . the staff is very friendly and the shrimp diablo is always delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty chill . dudes actually cooking my carne asada fries right in front of me . nice ... salsa is a bit messy . but for the price all is well . good shit don tor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so this is the first time at this location and it 's pretty good . we had their version of robertos chicken tacos and these were more like a taco salad . where was the chicken ? ? on he other hand , their asada fries were really good . oh bring a sweater if you are always cold , the a c is bumpin in there lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only had one item on their menu , but it was great . i recommend the grilled chicken special . it comes with rice and beans , lettuce , tomato and avocado . it also comes with tortillas , but i skip them . this location smells like smoke from the pts next door . otherwise i 'd give it one more star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best carne asada nachos i 've ever had ! ( and i 've had a lot ) 4 stars for the food , 5th star . because it 's connected to a pt 's pub where you can bring your food into the bar and eat it . they 'll even deliver it to you while you wait and sip in a cold one", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being stuck in the strip for what felt like eternity this morning after bringing in the new year , all i wanted were some tacos . i js moved here and was n't sure on where to go , but this place was the closest thing to me still open . did n't expect the greatest since it was 4 am ..but he cooked my carne asada tacos right there in my face . they were fresh and delicious and has been all i 've been thinking about since . i believe i found my go-to spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was good , but not great . we got chicken tacos , and a carne asada torta . the chicken was dry but everything that came on the taco made it better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're cheap ( like me ) and only go on tuesday 's for the 99 cent chicken tacos , do n't expect much meat in them . they are almost vegetarian tacos . however , they still taste good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this place looking for a roberto 's taco shop . apparently some of them have changed to don tortaco 's . this place is open 24hrs , 365 days a year ! i went on christmas morning around 4am after a visit to the strip and found they were the only place open for miles ! the food was phenomenal , cheap and big servings ! i had a lengua burrito that was fairly big and my wife had a chicken enchilada plate with beans and rice . all of their food is fresh , and super tasty . i highly recommend them even if it 's in the middle of the night on a holiday , chances are they will be open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure if it was because we were all super extremely drunk but the shrimp burritos were bomb.com", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the carne asada plate and it was very mediocre . the carne asade was greasy and a lot of the pieces were very gristly . i will try again but it will have to be busy , perhaps i got all the scraps at 0630 hours on a monday . y", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fast and good enough to make it worthwhile . not gourmet then again the prices reflect that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say , this place is fantastic ! real authentic mexican food . you also do not get a small portion of food for what you order . you still can have leftovers . prices are great ! taste is fabulous and a must keep going to eat place ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was fresh . it was hot . exactly what i ordered . taste was great . i really recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent local mexican food chain : menu has plates , tacos , burritos , and chimichangas . menu is n't much different from roberto 's but this location is a little less casual- shares space with a pt 's next door . fish tacos are tasty , though the chunk of fish is a little smaller than other comparably-priced tacos in town . california burrito is just about $ 6 , which is decent pricing for a massive portion . three-piece rolled tacos are extra crispy- a bit too fried , actually . the upcharge for adding guac gets you a ton , though . too bad it is n't fresh , seemed to be a premade mix which is tragic for a mexican restaurant . service was friendly . outdated tube tv in the dining room . lots of seating , including on the porch . entrance is weirdly placed , go all around the patio by the marie callendar 's entrance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every don tortaco seems to be slightly different than the next . this one advertises buffalo wings and they actually have them . i had a big fiasco with another don tortaco where they were advertising wings but everytime i ask for them they said they were out of them like five different occasions . this one had buffalo wings but they did not use traditional buffalo sauce it was like your red sauce the lady running the register seem like she hated her job", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sales guys were shifty . had problems with the car less then a month after driving away . brought it back and had to do intense negotiations just to get the problem take care of . people in the service department were great . they also did not seem to trust the sales people either . i will never buy a car from here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service department was fantastic . my car was dealt with in a very timely and thorough fashion . mark behind the service desk was knowledgable , helpful , and spoke in a way that i could clearly understand . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a blatant disregard for customer service : the day after a test drive i was actively negotiating on a price with a salesman . we seemed to have settled on a price , i submitted the paperwork to him , and already had financing set up through my bank the prior day . i arrived for a scheduled appointment to finalize the sale and was told that moments earlier they had just sold the truck to someone else . it seems to me that a courtesy hold was in order since i had an appointment to close the deal . i value my time and this was a blattent disregard for customer service . i 'd rather pay more money somewhere else than be inconvenienced .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we just brought our daughter here to purchase her car . mind you this was only after having an awful experience at another dealership in madison . our daughter knew what she wanted and she happened to see a car from the road . we were greeted by joey , who was amazing ! he was funny , easy to talk to , and helped her through the process . the help did n't stop there , when we were ready to sign papers , it went just as well . overall , we are truly happy with decision to stop . kudos to joey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they peddle junk . i would n't trust this dealership at all . the salespeople are uninformed and rude . they use high pressure tactics to force you to make an immediate decision . that 's old school ... .and has no place in today 's world of car sales .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not buy a car from here ! i am now currently on my 2nd car from them in less than one year ! the 1st one had a major electrical problem and now the second one is doing the same thing ! the people that work here are rude and inconsiderate . the worst customer service ever . when i asked to talk to a manager or an owner of the business , the sales guy thought he could pull a fast one on me and just send me another sales guy . the mechanics at this business are even worst . my car would n't start on a friday afternoon and i called to ask if they could help me ( i even bought the extended warrenty ) and was told he was about to go home and no one could help me cause it was friday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i arrived in montreal hungry . since i had a lunchtime flight from philadelphia to montreal , i did n't want to waste my appetite on packaged peanuts . when i landed , a friend took me to a chinese restaurant , la maison de guang zhou . it was around 2:30 pm , and not crowded . the interior looks like any other chinese restaurant . alcohol was available , but i did n't indulge . instead , we had warm tea that kept the outside chill at bay . we shared orders of a pepper calamari squid , a tasty fried rice , and a good , tender beef dish of some sort . this wholesome , happy , scrumptious meal fed me , and not for a lot of money . ( credit cards accepted . ) recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only come here for the lunch specials . they taste great , portions are fair , and the price is just too low . oh , and the waiters are very friendly and the service is pretty hasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic . not for the less adventurous . i ordered a chicken dish , but it was questionable which part of the chicken it came from ! quite tasty though . service friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty authentic ! flavors are on point , the portions are huge ( so come hungry or with a group ) . the service is pleasant , and once you 've ordered , food delivery is fast . having tried a bunch of places around , this , hands down , is one of the best ! check it out ! there is a western menu for those who are n't too familiar with more authentic cantonese food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know all about the e.coli outbreak , i was a victim of it stay farrrrr away from this place . i thought i was going to die", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has gone down hill . stale tortillas and the same size as a 99\u00a2 burrito at taco bell . so disappointed i stopped here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here for their fish burrito . i love it ! ! ! ! . it is crispy fish with cabbage , special sauce and pico de gallo . i 've also tried their huevos ranchero it was good , although i 'm not a big fan of runny eggs , i still ate it . i did n't like their ham & egg & cheese burrito , the ham was too salty . other than that the service is good , drive- thru is always busy.. i 'm happy that they 're back to business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best carne asada in town ! been here several times since the whole breakout in august . so everybody calm down and do some research . i read online they got the local queen of clean as an independent consult , this place is spotless . i 've went into the restaurant and from the counter u can see everything in containers like at panda express . get the carne nachos or carne asade fries , you wo n't regret it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just started working near by and thought i 'd stop by for lunch . i loved their service , meals were made quick and yet so delicious ! the thing i liked the most was the fact that they have mexian soda keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in today for lunch for the first time and was helped at the counter by the owner . great guy that ran me through the menu , all the specials and even caught i am in the military and offered me a free drink . i went with his recommendation of a chicken burrito with guac and pico which was fantastic . horchata was very good as were the beans and rice . highly recommend for great food , great service and very military friendly . place was packed and had a lot of regulars that knew the owner and the owner knew them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i felt like rice & beans so i thought of trying federico 's since we had only had their breakfast burritos before . i went with the green chile plate which came with a big flour tortilla . i assumed it was beef but i honestly could n't tell what kind of meat it was since it was swimming in green chile sauce . it was tasty though . and i really liked the rice & beans . very filling plate !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "24 hour mexican joint ! a plus ! i love getting off work at 2-3 a.m. and being able to stop by this place for a late night meal . on monday 's it is buy one get one for military personnel and i definitely take advantage of that . the menu had a good variety to it but i love their pollo asado plate with a large horchata . i will always be a regular here as long as it 's on my way home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got food this afternoon waited forever in the drive through . when i got home i realized the did not give me my drink and sitting down to eat realized i got something different than my order . decided to try it till i realized there was shrimp in it and do not eat shrimp . thanks for the waste of food and money", "score": "2"}
{"review": "still loving federico 's and bringing more friends to share in the great menu ! keep up the good work and tasty meals !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "open 24hrs . which is probably one of the reason why we decided to go here , since everything else was close and we wanted to get our grub on . came here with the family and order 4 soft carnita tacos , 2 carne asada fries , and a steak quesadilla . wanted to throw in a few hard shell tacos for $ 0.99 , but apparently that price is only good on tuesdays , and regular price was $ 2.19 . wtf ? ! anyways , i was not too pleased with the outcome . the meat for the tacos were way too dry and the fries were way too soggy ! when we asked for salsa and sour cream to-go , the cashier lady said that they did n't have any . obviously , that is a lie ! after getting her to admit that they do have it , and after charging us $ 0.65 , we got our salsa and sour cream . needless to say , we will not coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one star for cleanliness and fast service . taco bell is way better than this place . i had two ground beef tacos with rice and refried beans for lunch today . it was my first visit here . the taco meat was not seasoned very well- bland . as we 're the beans and rice too . it 's as if your italian grandma was making tacos at home for the first time and she did n't know what she was doing ! i will stick with old pueblo and se\u00f1or taco , thank you very much ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are in the mood for fast food , late night munchies or some legit mexican food , look no further than federico 's . they offer amazing all-day breakfast burritos , phenomenal carne asada burritos , tasty pico de gayo chips and a mean super nacho . save yourself the risk of food poisoning from a taco bell and give this clean , friendly and fast restaurant a shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last night i went to this location to get dinner for my family . the wait was over 30 minutes in the drive thru . then when i got home , half of my order was missing . i returned to get the rest of my food i gave them my reciept they said it was the wrong reciept . i told them it was the only one given to me . they didnt believe me about it , but finally they remade my order . then my wife and i where eating our food , it was disgusting i threw mine in the trash , already upset woke up at 3am with food poisoning causing me to call into work . i 'll never return to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new in town & this place was recommended to my husband and i by many people . we are both from ca , so we know good mexican food . we have been living in italy for the past few years , where mexican food is non-existent , so we were looking forward to eating here . i got the 1 taco & 1 enchilada plate & my husband got the 1 burrito & 1 enchilada plate . while eating the beans i was thinking to myself how salty they were , & then moved on to the taco which was even more salty . it tasted like i was eating pure salt . i mentioned it to my husband , & he said the same thing . needless to say , we did not finish our food . will not be eating here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . i would say it depends on what you get.. positives : i was surprised at how nice this little place was on the inside . very clean and had some tvs . the staff was very friendly ! we got a chimichanga , carne asada tacos and the special shrimp burrito . the chimi was tasty , for a faster food type of place . the shrimp burrito i would not recommend . the tacos were very good ! negatives : i did not care for the shrimp burrito . it was mostly potatoes and lacked flavor big time . good thing the other dishes were shared with me to compensate i will go here again since it is located so close by . i will be getting the tacos this time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we frequent this place often enough to have tried several of the menu items . all have been awesome ! the manager is super friendly every time we have gone in and plus military gets free drinks ! way to go fredericos ! breakfast burritos rock too so go in the morning too or order one any other tine as the menu is available all day which is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks fredericos , i shit my pants for two weeks because of your carne ! : ) just like taco bell did me a couple years ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not too shabby . picked up 4 street tacos plus a drink for 6 bucks . big menu with lots of variety and combo choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i saw my review from a while back and thought to add a few new positive thoughts to be fair ! we 've eaten here many times since . this is a very clean `` bertos '' restaraunt ! the food is ok , others would say very good ... i like some other places better ! the service is good now . its close to home and i have no complaints . this place has definitiely improved over time ... well done federicos !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . the food is awesome and the portions are large . the owners are always there when i stop in and eat and they are always happy to see you and appreciate your business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is always taste good , staff is friendly . however they can never get an order correct . there 's always something wrong . whether it be something simple as no cheese in my burrito . they add cheese . they added meat to my burrito once , thing is i do n't eat meat . hopefully they can fix this or i might have to find somewhere else to go . i live to far to drive back to get it fixed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is really good , love their burritos and quesadilla ! the only thing i dislike is they can mess up the orders sometimes and drive thru can take 30 mins . its ridiculous but worth the wait i guess . lol other than that . food is fresh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chili renos when they serve them nice and hot , cheese melting out of them ! ! great chimi and green burritos ! ! the staff there is always friendly and very accommodating , specially the owner , or maybe he is the manager idk : ) i would recommend it to everyone ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved here a week ago and love this place so much ! i 've all ready come back 3 times ! ! i ca n't wait to try their menudo next weekend ! so far i have had , the tacos , nachos and enchiladas ! all were superb but the nachos really astounded me ! so much food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all good ... if you want better just talk up the cardinals . i 'm happy to have found this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at this location . they have a new burrito with chile relleno and steak which was excellent . however , the staff made it 5 stars , by being friendly and efficient . for $ 7 i had a fresh tasty lunch in a place i felt welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was fast and full of flavor . my husband who normally will not touch re-fried beans demolished them . this restraunt will defintly be the spot we go to when . we crave mexican .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm in town visiting family and my grandpa brought us here for breakfast . i was very impressed with the food and the staff ! they greeted everyone and the manager recognized my grandpa and made sure to greet him and ask him how he was doing . everyone went above and beyond . i will be sure to come back every time i visit . i was full by the time i was half through the machaca plate", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times for breakfast ... .had burrito with `` chorizo '' ... .95 % egg 5 % `` chorizo '' ... .nuff said will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "trying federico 's for the first time on military monday ( buy a combo get one plus free drink ) . tried the carne asada and pollo asada plates . the fresh salsas and asada were delish . as far as fast food mexican goes this is very good . staff are very friendly too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it tastes good and it 's always cheap . the only reason why i knocked off a star is because they got my order wrong two times that i 've been there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "taco tuesday ~ enough said ! ! nice people working at this location , good food & always fresh ! a line is always present in the drive thru and you never you know who you 'll run into inside the restaurant . clean place to have a bite or go for take out ! its nice always being thanked for your business !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such nasty food ! i do n't recommend it to anyone . the service is horrible and the food is nasty ! the person who cooked the food stuck his ladle into the pot and tasted whatever he was cooking", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is just for the theater , where i saw one of the movies , `` aida 's secret , '' presented by the jewish film festival . it 's a beautiful , guard-gated campus , and the theater is modern and comfortable . since it 's not a commercial movie theater , there 's no stadium seating , no popcorn , and no need to take out a second mortgage to buy a fountain drink or bar of candy . but the seats are upholstered and the legroom is adequate . the temperature was perfect . watching a fascinating documentary , followed by the surprise appearance , talk , and q & a session by one of the main subjects of the film , made it even more of a totally delightful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids have been here for 4 years . some teachers are amazing , and some are only very good . there is a surprising amount of diversity here , also . jewish and non-jewish , white , asian , african-american . it 's nice to see . the kids are a bit over-indulged at home , but the uniforms and `` no-electronics '' rule help to overcome that . also , this is a drug-free campus . starting in middle school , each child has to sign something permitting random drug tests . i am a big civil rights person , but i like the idea of not worrying about my kids for just a few hours each day . sometimes i worry about the expense , and what i could do with that money instead . i 've heard people say that the public school education is n't that bad ... this is n't the place i want to take chances .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i signed my 6 year-old son up for a summer reading program and one of the locations was here at this school . it is quietly tucked away on hillpointe and securely locked down . there is a gate and a guard and you have to talk to him to get in . you ca n't just drive up to the gate and he lets you in , you have to tell him why you are there . but that 's safe thinking for kids and it makes me feel better . the school inside is super clean and nice . very nice school .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 of my kids have been going to adelson educational campus for the past 6 years . this year i 'm sending my 5th child . i could n't ask for a better school for them . i have 2 kids in upper school , 2 kids in middle and now my little one will go to kindergarten there . i 'm impressed with their education level and their curriculum . i would recommend this school to everyone . it 's not just a school it 's your family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not looking for the exclusivity exclusion they boast about ; i want my child to experience diversity .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the finest learning facilities in las vegas with an outstanding faculty . the teachers really care and go above and beyond for the students . perhaps the safest campus in las vegas , if not the west coast , which is extremely comforting with all the crazy news reports happening around the world . my three year old son is very happy with the school , loves his teachers and has made quality friends over the past two years . i have always felt proud to say my child attends adelson campus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was pretty good . the mixologist , julia , was very knowledgeable and had a great positive attitude . she was very friendly and genuine , and talked to me and other patrons at the bar as if she 's known us for years . there were mostly locals hanging out there , and the vibe was pretty laid back and relaxing . a bottle of ipa cost only $ 3.50 . i definitely plan on visiting there again soon ! the only caution , is not to go hungry . it says `` restaurant '' , but they do not have food . that 's the only negative thing i have to say about it . otherwise , i would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here quite often and have n't had a single bad experience . the drinks are delicious , calm atmosphere and ali is the best . as soon as i walk in my drink is ready . it 's hard to find a good place in town where you can just relax and take a breather .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kitchen is closed ! so no food , it stunk like ass and the bartenders had horrible attitudes ! i would suggest they just close the place down ! ! two thumbs down ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick pop and to see a friend who was there waiting for us . beers came in big glasses , and were comped over to us because we were playing video poker on the bar machines . how cool is that ? two free beers to lose $ 25 in the machines while drinking , but we had a good time talking and getting caught up in a nice , air-conditioned place with great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late night after an inventory and the night shift lead made my experience at 230am enjoyable and entertaining . the best use of puns i 've ever heard . truely knows what customer service is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm the only memorable thing that happens is the change falling on the ground at the drive thru , for some reason this is a repeated problem . ( stick with the credit card )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great drive thru experience today . the girl on the comm was exceptionally courteous and polite . had a decent line when we pulled up . heard the car in front order a ton of food but he was nearly paid and pulling out by the time i got to the window ! our food came up very quickly thereafter . the food was all great as well . also the mapped location on here appears to be wrong . the taco bell is north of reagan and it shows south of on here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a truly great taco bell . i have had several excellent experiences here over the past 1.5 yrs , both in-store and drive thru . the staff is super friendly , and the food is delicious and generous with the ingredients . always happy with the food and the employees are so darn nice , it 's always a great experience . note- all of my experience has been with take-out . i have never dined in , but the place looks clean and many others were dining in today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on 11,10,2016 we walked into the most dirty , unclean restaurant ever .the bathroom was filthy , and the restaurant tables were very dirty.makes you wonder what the kitchen is like . o , rating on this dirty taco", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going there for years . if you need anything they will do it for you . i had them rewire my 72 mustang from head light to tail light and they did a great job . they are not quick but they are always extremely busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick work , local business , mike the owner was honest and to the point and replaced our blower motor for ac lickety split for this upcoming hot weekend-got us our vehicle back the same afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice , 1950s style diner . the food is delicious , the service is great and the atmosphere is great too ! a great family restaurant featuring everything from a salad bar , popcorn , blue plate specials to ribs and burgers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's ok if you like bad music and bland food . great for old people ! ! soup was like water and my salad tastes like it was swimming in water . i think it could have potential but not this time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a bad place , a little over priced for what you get . food was good , not great . will return again some time , but not soon", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly this place is pretty meh . it is nothing special . the decor is really nice but the 50 's feeling ends there . the food is nothing like you would find in a real 50 's diner . the menu felt more like a kelsey 's or something like that . burgers with weird toppings and all . i had a poutine but they had no regular poutine , again just weird toppings that do n't taste very good together . definitly not coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cold fries , bland burgers and surly attitude when you complain . service is slow and non-attentive . on the positive , there 's free popcorn to help yourself to whilst you 're waiting for your food to arrive . you 'll need it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here a few times now , great food , nice staff and excellent prices . the club house sandwich was awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this place for what it is , a quick and satisfying diner . good selection of food including options for kids , friendly staff , and reasonable price points . the atmosphere is old school and the service is quick . also special deals make it attractive if you have kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for a lunch - great burgers , awsome shakes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had lunch with my wife there . really enjoyed the experience . i 've eaten there years ago , but my wife is new to the area . she wants back ! the fries and shakes are pretty good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best dinner ever i be ever had , some delicious chicken fingers they where absolutely lovely", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . i 've been here a couple of times in the past few months . good atmosphere , nice staff but the food is n't awesome ... .perhaps i 'm ordering the wrong stuff ? i do n't think that there should be any items on a menu though that are compromises when it comes to quality . the cobb salad i had was n't bad but the `` mixed greens '' i was expecting ended up being chopped romaine and overall it rated a `` fine '' for quality . like not complaining but not recommending . the last time we went i think it was a `` california club '' sandwich that i had ... .if you 're tempted to order it ... .just do n't . easier to say that then explain where this sandwich failed me : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my parents and i went here for lunch today , and we were very impressed with the quality of service and food . i ordered the chicken blt , and my parents both got the traditional burger ( by the server 's recommendation ) . our meal was served faster than expected , and it tasted wonderful . everything is also quite fairly priced , and they have really good daily deals we will want to plan around in the future . we will definitely be back again . the old 50s-60 's theme looks cool , and the food tastes great . i definitely recommend both the traditional burger and the chicken blt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing ordered onion soup lots if cheese and came hot i also had the pizza grilled cheese it was amazing and large portions the only problem i had was we sat at the bar and the manager we later found out stood in front of us refused to look at us to take our order very unfriendly ! ! ! ! we had to ask the server who was very busy he helped everyone except us was very unimpressed ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this diner style pub , the food is always great ! i usually meet my kids here for lunch but this time tried dinner , wow ! excellent and amazing friendly service . they have weekday specials and i hear live music at times", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , good value . we 've eaten here many times and its always consistent . good hot food and friendly service . special shout out to the deep fried mushrooms !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ive been a server at various restaurants for six years . i came into melanie pringles on a sunday afternoon . it was n't that busy . i was seated almost right away . after i was seated i waited almost 10 minutes ( if at 10 minutes nothing happened i would have left ) . after 8 minutes i stopped one of the girls working and asked if my server was coming . she got her and my server came quickly and asked what i would like . i ordered water and potato skins . the water came quite quickly and about 10 minutes later the potato skins came . they were cooked perfectly . she came by a few minutes later and asked how everything was . i told her it was great . after i finished i put the plate to the side . when she came to grab it i asked her about the size of the cheesecake and she explained it . i ordered it and it came not too long after . was amazing . paid bill and i left . do n't think i 'll be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great family restaurant ! love that kids eat free on sunday 's ! good food , good service ! reliably good meal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the second time we 've been here , and we will definitely be back ! prices are ok , but food is fantastic ! waitstaff is very friendly and attentive . the first time we were here , the waitress got our wing order mixed up , but she fixed it right away , and with a smile . she was so apologetic and sweet , so we did n't even mind . this time , i had the shrimp tacos and was quite impressed . hubby had the peameal fritter club sandwich and loved it . it came on a huge mound of fries . he always finishes everything , and despite being hungry , even he could n't finish . looking forward to coming back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another amazing rib dinner ! never fails to make me happy ! thanks jenn ! if you are anywhere near this restaurant do yourself a favour and drop in , you wo n't be disappointed . ( amazing deserts too )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called for a price quote and they were a little on the pricey side . to bring in my cat for a regular exam without vaccination will cost $ 92 . if you need vaccines too , that visit would cost $ 142 plus tax . i asked if i can come in for a normal check up and vaccines later , and the woman on the phone said it would still cost $ 142 for the second visit so it would be more cost effective to get it all at once . i have never been to this vet , and i 'm new in the area , so i was n't comfortable getting her shots on the first visit to meet a new vet . the staff on the phone was very friendly and professional .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great staff , and the vet is lovely , caring and attentive . best experience my cat has had at a vet . he has an allergy disorder and really hates being touched by strangers , but the vet very patiently handled him at his own pace , to the point where she even gave him a needle without him noticing ! superb . she explained his illness in wonderful detail so i understood how to best care for him , which i really appreciated . she seemed like she really cared , and the added bonus of the cat only facility meant my cat was much more at ease . the one thing i did n't like was that she prescribed steroids for him , which did work well but caused him to gain weight and i did n't love the side effects . i wish she took a more holistic approach , targeting his diet and environment first before jumping to medication .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cat hospital is where i come to pickup my kitty 's special diabetic wet and dry food . if he is a good boy he may get a new catnip toy ! my cat has also been here a couple times in the past when he was feeling under the weather and was going medication . this is n't my usual vet however , but i would take my cat here again . they also offer boarding and when you walk up to the door you can usually see a cat sitting by the window looking out at the squirrels and birds as they have bird feeders outside probably for that exact reason , to give the cats something to do !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brought my cat here few times for checkup and sterilization . friendly staff , reasonable fees and dr. thomas is a genuinely caring veterinarian .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they had a clinic cat named percy who was 17 years old . unfortunately percy passed away . i miss the cute little guy . but on to the review ! we have n't brought our cat here for any medical treatment . but we actually buy our cat 's food here . usually one of the students is in when i buy the cat food & they are quick & professional . if we had to take our cat somewhere in an emergency i would probably come here because it 's nearby !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't let the location in a rundownish , older strip mall fool you . i live in the neighborhood and had seen this place a few times , before i decided to wander in . i always get the italian - what can i say ? i 'm a creature of habit - and it is delicious . seem to be a lot of regulars in here especially during the busy lunch hours friendly service , good prices , great italian sub . what 's not to like ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "veggie sub is the best i 've ever had ! ! and we love the chicken philly . something about that sauce that 's so delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . you ca n't beat the price and the subs are way better than subway which is right down the street . $ 5 for sub , chips and drink at sub one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a pretty late appointment at the nail salon next door , so i decided to come in here to kill some time . i 'm so glad i did ! ! ! i 've lived on this side of town for 2 years and i 've never been here . i test a sandwich shop by their tuna sandwiches because that 's my favorite lol . it was amazing ! ! the bread and the other ingredients are really fresh , and it was the perfect amount of flavor and mayo . please support your black owned businesses and check this place out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best subs in charlotte ! no frill local joint with great prices . same people all the time and they work hard . it may take some time if you go right at noon . call ahead if you are in a hurry . if you pay cash it saves you 50 cents . i love the new jersey sub with extra sauce . a little on the spicy side so beware .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was hungry and wanted something to fill me up and not cost too much . the reviews i read indicated this would be a good place to go . i live really close by so i walked in , did n't have to wait very long to order , staff was friendly . ordered the # 1 - jersey sub . paid and waited a reasonable amount of time . got my sub and walked home . i was very impressed , the flavor was great , it was perfect i enjoyed every bite . the reviews were accurate , amazing value , i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the best subs in the qc . the bread is out of this world . fluffy , soft , heavenly goodness . it 's a family owned joint so you can expect great customer service ! they 're closed saturdays which is a bummer , but open every other day of the week . it 's one of those awesome hole in the wall gems that you want to keep a secret , but also want to tell the world about !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the italian . the chicken parm is also great , just the right balance of chicken , sauce and cheese . ca n't beat the price either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful food , great veggie options for my friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and great prices . very fresh ingredients and the bread was so soft . guys were really nice too . they charge an additional $ .50 to run your debit credit card .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sandwich shop in town . i have had a lot of there subs and never had a bad experience . everything taste fresh and great . the vegetarian or the lamb gyro are the best subs . the vegetarian is so good it makes you question if you are eating meat . i will keep going back and the staff there is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good , the people who work there are great , it 's just really , really slow . i like it , just really have to make the time to wait for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "funny , but richard , the owner went to college with a friend of mine at uncc . this was my first time eating here , had the ny sub and it was fabulous ! prices are great , this is a great place to grab some subs - good selection and good prices . chatted with richard about uncc 's glory days in the nit and the ncaa tournaments when my friend , jeff played for the 49ers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best vegetarian sub in charlotte , the people that run this place are really nice and involved in the community . i always get the vegetarian on wheat with swiss , pickles , mustard , o & v , lettuce and onions , a side kosher pickle and a sweet tea for no more than $ 8 . they 're closed on saturdays but packed when they 're open . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try this place out for the first time today with my boyfriend . he got the steak ( # 1 ) and i got the veggie ( # 21 ) . so , the veggie was awesome . it came with veggies and some soy-based mock meats ( which are vegan ! ) . just ask for no cheese or mayo . the cook even put on some extra veggies for me ( mushrooms and olives ) after we had already paid . super sweet and friendly guy . i recommend and will be back . keywords : vegan sandwich , vegan , vegan hoagie , vegetarian", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i make sure to stop by and order several subs whenever i 'm in town . the subs taste amazing , the people are great , and the place is always clean . it 's a family owned and operated business so the atmosphere is very personal but it still feels professional . my only tip is order ahead if you 're in a rush because everything is made to order and perfection takes time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had everything a sammich lover needed . a straightforward , simple menu , friendly people , and a little reading material for when you go stag . it looks like from the other reviews , that i am not the only one who gravitates towards the italian wherever i go . here was no exception and it was really good , convenient , and reasonable . i got just the sub and it was $ 4.15 . i 'm not going to say i do n't like elaborate , descriptor-laden sandwiches , but sometimes you just need your classic build and that 's exactly what you find at sub one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here many times for lunch as i work really close by . every time i am there , they always greet me by name and even remember my usual order . the food is always top shelf and well prepared . all food is made to order , which ensures me that i get my food steaming hot just the way i like it . i would pay more if they offered footlong subs , which sadly they do n't . it would also be plus if they sold french fries . overall great place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disgusting , slow and pathetic . takes phone orders before the people standing in front of them . food is subpar . skip unless starving", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food and better prices . the staff is always really nice . they charge extra to use a card and their service can be slow , but the good deal you 're getting makes it worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the filling in the hoagie was decent . the bread could have been a lot better . the guys that run the place are one of a kind , polite , and quick . for me , the most important part of the hoagie is the bread . it just did n't do it for me this time . i will continue my search for that perfect hoagie in charlotte . anyway , create your own opinion about this place . this place is always busy during lunchtime and some of the guys that walked through the door knew the guys behind the counter . it definitely has a neighborhood feel to it . i would grab another bite to eat from there out of convenience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sub one is one of my favorite places to go for lunch . i used to work near there , and i went to sub one almost every day . they have a unique vegetarian sandwich with fake meat that they heat up . it 's got peppers and onions and melty , yummy cheese and sauce and all kinds of good stuff . the guys are really friendly , and they learned my name after a few visits . i never had to order ... they just started cooking . it 's a small , family-owned business , and they seem to be doing well ... especially to be in such a hidden location off the beaten path . the sandwiches are spectacular , though , so i '' m not surprised that they 're doing well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! love this place ! delicious , fresh subs made to order ! wayyyy better than subway ! workers are nice too ! no matter how many people are in there , there is never a long wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best thing about this place is the price . sandwich was average - had the # 1 jersey . if i could change a few things about it i would change the roll and i would increase the amount of steak ( i would be willing to pay an additional dollar to have the sandwich overflowing with steak ) . one person working register and cooking so do n't come if you 're in a hurry unless u pre-order by phone . the inside has fast food type booths .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! so glad i found this place . walking to subway on graham st and luckily caught this place on my way . sandwiches where very good , fresh ingredients , bread was good , and very good portions ( 8 '' if not 9 '' subs ) . my girlfriend and i got 2 sandwiches ( italian & turkey ) both where delicious , our bill was less than 10 $ for 2 subs and a bag of chips . overall the sandwiches are excellent , better than any chain franchise , and the best part all subs are less than 5 $", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we waited 20 minutes for one sub and it ended up being pretty bad . there was almost no meat on it and the bread was a little stale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going here for years ! never had a bad sandwich . always consistent and friendly . i recommend the new jersey steak and cheese add light mayo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good subs and very inexpensive . love the cheesesteaks . almost felt bad for the one employee slinging subs and taking orders for the entire shop . they could easily raise prices by a dollar a two to hire an extra hand to help out . overall , great subs , inexpensive and friendly service . give it a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome sandwich . good roll , great toppings with a fantastic price . salads are huge and fresh . quick service too . do n't pass up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local spot with the best gyro i 've had outside of the northeast . i really wanted to try the jersey but they could n't explain why it got its named , considering it did n't resemble anything i 've ever eaten back home . maybe if i 'm in the area again i 'll give it a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great local , family owned sandwich shop . food is good , and prices are very reasonable . also , they have a great vegetarian sub , which is uncommon for sandwich shops . definitely a 4th ward must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is one of the best sub spots in charlotte ! it 's always clean , the people are always friendly , the prices are not inflated , and the subs are always good ... i always get the vegetarian sub ... and i 'm not even vegetarian ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i got the new jersey steak ( make sure you get the steak sauce with it ) . the people working there are so nice too , they were extremely friendly and made recommendations too . a large drink is $ 1.50 , and it is 2 pepsi cans , so more than enough soda . extremely inexpensive for what you get , delicious , and local , you got ta try this place today . i 'll be back soon for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! food is excellent . i 've never told an owner they should charge more for their food but i did today . i got footling italian , big kosher dill , chips , and pepsi for only $ 7.25 . this place is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i have to give this place one star for the fact i was unable to try the food due to the lack of service . when entering this establishment with my girlfriend , we thought based on reviews alone ; we could grab a quick sunday sub sandwich . as we entered , we did not receive any acknowledgment for about ten minutes . he then spoke without looking at us , `` be with you in in a few minutes '' ( if i can recall ) . so we waited a bit longer , there were two other people in the place , and none of them had their sandwiches yet , he was still getting his stuff together and the only employee there . i have no idea why he was slower than molasses , but it 's a shame a small local place like this wo n't be able to stay in business for much longer . we left after twenty plus minutes because we have n't even given him our order yet , and i was starving . there luckily was a subway up the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love sub one hoagie house ! john and the guys are always pleasant , the food is always made fresh to order and the prices are very reasonable . i always order the jersey cheese steak with oil and vinegar , lettuce , tomato , mayo and steak sauce and it is awesome . i 've been coming to sub one for over 10 years ! love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this school is amazing , and so are all the teachers . after having enough at treem , we decided to give this academy a change , and we can not be more pleased . the facilities are good , the communication with the staff , the teaching system , programs and technology . for the first time my son is getting ahead and having good grades . he has learned to be more responsible , and is learning how to do projects in groups . the provide the kids with many field trips and the activities are completely different . the drop off pick up time is way better , secure and safe . being organized should n't be a reason for people to complain . i can not describe how my son loves this school now ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a set of tires two years ago . they gave me a dink coupon for johnny mac 's . they also have a garage and this is where i have been taking my sled ever since . even on a busy day i wait about no more then a hour . never up selled and i get my tires rotated for free when i get my oil changed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what the hell am i doing reviewing a tire place ? well , i 'm poor . i 'm driving from vegas to reno tomorrow and last night i went to check my tires and noticed they were low and one had a nail in it . i have a warranty , but they 're assholes and do n't cover nails . i had to get my car smogged anyway , so i went here because it 's right next to the smog place and close to my house . they checked everything . it did n't puncture , so i did n't need a new tire , but they took it out and balanced my tires . they checked my fluids and battery as well . they printed out a receipt telling me where my battery power was at and said it needs to be changed soon . cost ? free ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shop waiting area is cool , and clean . this dam fly is getting on my last dam nerve tho ! ! ! service tech caught potential hazard i was already aware aware of so that reassured me they were `` on it '' and not just `` pushing '' us in and out as many service shop have adopted that attitude these days.. made it in close to end of day so guys did n't take too long getting me outta there.. '' on the road again '' ! ! not very much room for seating but it 's cool..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best experience ever getting my brakes done ! friend had suggested the place , gave me a great price , was in and out within 45 mins , brakes are rocking like a charm . ask for chuck , he 'll take great care of you . waiting room is spacious , clean , and comfortable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! josh helps me out ... wo n't go to anyone else for my car fixing needs . thanks again . i will come back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got in on the buy 2-get 2 special they were running . when i called , the district manager helped me and was awesome to talk to . when i went to the store , their store manager was great as well . i explained that i did n't want the cheap tires , but i was n't looking for the expensive one either . everyone was helpful , my tires were done ( a little longer wait time than quoted ... but still ) . i really like their warranty system- 3 years and roadside assistance . the dealership had quoted me an obscene price- big o was a thousand times better for great tires .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst run franchise out of the chain ... period ! i will never visit this location again and urge you not to . i bought 2 new tires and needed alignment . they mounted my directional tires backwards ( inside on the outside ) and did not bring my alignment into specs . i took my truck to another big o who confirmed all of these findings and still anthony the manager could care less and refused to reimburse the alignment charge . the other big o location which is also a private owned franchise , did all the work over again and did not charge me . do not go to this location ! anthony is a young kid who is obviously the owners son and is running the place into the ground .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend big o tires in boulder highway . everybody is so friendly , the place provides excellent customer service . dustin salta is an asset of this place , he 's been very helpful , dustin is a very good example type of employee that goes above and beyond ... . please go to this branch and see it for yourself how awesome all the workers are , especially dustin salta . thank you guys for a very well done job servicing my car , from here on i will definitely get my car services done here and will recommend your services to all my family and friends ! ! ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked out to my garage to find two flat tires . after my awesome neighbor used his air compressor to fill them up i was able to make it to big o tires five minutes before they closed . i already knew i was due for new tires so i got 4 new ones . they were very professional and understanding when i explained my situation and apologize for keeping them so late . the guys were very fast and efficient ! i definitely recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . the owner was the one that helped and they stayed late to get my brakes done the same day when i came in late . amazing customer service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not trust them when they tell you you need work done . get a second opinion . went there for an oil change and was told i needed a new water pump at the tune of 650 . unfortunately for them i have a very reliable honest mechanic so i asked him to look at it ... turns out i dont need a water pump and it wasnt even leaking ! they are just another set of dishonest mechanics trying to make a buck ... or 650 ... off of people . i would never take my car there again ! on the bright side they were nice but not nice enough for me to just hand them my money . nice try guys i guess you will get some other people for the dough ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here with my sister to get a portrait done . the tattoo artist johnny said we had to pay half up front and half when it was finished . we gave him $ 400 down . he then kept rescheduling appointments . we never actually got to to go to one . he then left the shop . the owner layla said it was our fault and gave no compensation , or sympathy . she defended this so called tattoo artist . 400 dollars and the shop literally provided us with nothing at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in to have my nostril pierced on 2 24 14 . piercer was a large bald fellow with an injured leg ( can not remember his name ) .he was very nice and friendly . however upon piercing my nostril he could not get the ring to go in completely which caused my nose to bleed a lot . he took the ring out and had to re-pierce my nose and needed another employee to actually come and put the ring in for him . thankfully the piercing turned out good and is healing well . the staff is very courteous and helpful but the skills of the piercer were very lacking ! i would not recommend coming here for any piercings , especially from the large bald fellow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "got two piercings here and they both got infected and had to be removed . complete waste of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't come here unless you want to get your phone stolen . came in to get piercings and left without a phone . location stated the phone was there , but mysteriously could n't be found there . would not recommend", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love crown electric ! justin is my artist and i actually followed him from another shop . i would n't go anywhere else as long as i live here . this will be the one place in vegas i 'll be sad to leave whenever we leave ( military ) . well here and our sushi place ; ) when i was a concierge i always recommended people go to this shop , and always had my guests coming back to say thank you amnd show me their new awesome tats ! their prices are very reasonable and they do great work ! fun , friendly environment . going back as soon as summer is over ( ca n't go in the lake with a new tat ) to finish the rest of my work and get some more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 0 stars i would have . no stars for this place . they have no sense of how to run a proper business . it makes me wonder if they even have a management team . stay far away . i 'm kinda glad it did n't pan out . i probably would have gotten some disease . guys , hand-washing is very important . gloves do n't do the job , especially if you 're putting it on with your dirty hands . also , after you 've already put on your gloves , do n't touch the trash can and then proceed to tattoo . the health department is wanted in this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ryan the piercer was amazing but we lost our phone there and showed on our tile it was there . we went back and they could n't find it . though the tile still showed it there . we truly believe it was stolen and police were called in . unfortunately they lost our business and we will not refer anyone to them because of this incident . there was 3 of us and we do lots of piercings . we will go back to precious slut . only reason we did n't go there was artist was out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there on a fluke with my cousin n brothers , my cousin got the sickest boston red sox tattoo that i have ever seen , i thank the artist for refining the imperfections from the original picture we brought in , u truly made it one of a kind . marcus ! i thank you so much for my tattoo of my sons name , it is by far my most favorite tattoo , u gave me a tattoo that came out better than i had expected , i appreciate u understanding my concept n vision , taking the time to sit with me n browse for a rosary , n drawing up my tattoo on such short notice . i am so in love with my tat , ty guys so much once again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . got an industrial a few years back and i never had problems about infections . honestly , if you guys just take care of your piercings , no infections happen . i also had two friends who got their tongues pierced with no problems as well . recently i got both my nipples pierced and it was n't as bad as i thought . the guy who did it was pretty quick and clean with it . i watched him lay out everything to make sure everything was done correctly and safely . i got it done a week ago and i have no problems with my nipples . ca n't wait for them to heal ! i definitely recommend this place : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place might not be as flashy as other tattoo shops but the cleanliness and customer service is on point ! ! ! i was disappointed when i first went to this place because there was an artist there who was a real asshole , but he is no longer there . i only book my appointments with leyla and justin who are brother and sister . leyla has done my snake bites and justin who is the best artist i 've seen ! justin took time to custom make something my son drew for me . it 's my favorite tattoo so far , it means the world to me . they 're always willing to work with you on designs . i will always a recommend this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in several times and i 've had nothing but fantastic experiences ! layla is fantastic and super quick so you hardly feel any discomfort . ryan is awesome as well . i ca n't remember the tattoo dudes name but he was great too . i look forward to their events and any time i get to go in and have something new done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had came to crown eletric to have my nose re pierced , because i decided to let amatures from another shop pierce me without any sort of recommendations biggest mistake of my life ... ugh ... i had a couple of friends tell me about crown eletric so decided to come see what the big whoaplaa was for myself ... as soon as i walked through the door i was greeted instantly ... johnny pastrami was the guy that had re pierced my nose , he was very friendly and professional ... extremely clean work environment and all ... after talking with johnny for a short period of time and explaining i was not able to wear big studded nose rings to work ... he gave me options and re pierced it for me ... . it came out perfect ... loved it ... . overall i had a great experience and i 've come to crown electric on many different occasions , with my friends who also say the same thing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crap . the worst place ever . trust me , ive seen people get tattoos from here and they come out sloppy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was fresh & good , unfortunately the service was lacking . also when we returned to get refills we were rudely told there would be an additional charge . in a food court full of other options i will take my business next door to firehouse .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is supposed to be a fast food but i waited 25 minutes in line . employees were moving in slow motion . need to get some energy drinks there people ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "normally i have not had a problem with salsarita 's . however this time i ordered two beef soft shell tacos and apparently i ordered them with two helpings of grease ! the amount of grease that came out of my first taco was more than enough to slick back danny zuko 's hair from the movie grease ! it was so bad that i could n't even eat my 2nd taco . very disappointed and still hungry !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this salsaritas for the first and most likely last time tonight . like the previous reviews state , the service was awful . much different experience than i have had at other locations . wait was long , staff was unfriendly and clearly did not pay attention .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "told them my order three times and they still asked what i wanted . then laughed and talked crap because i could n't hear them . very lazy and rude workers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this site is lacking allot . we were the only people in line at 12:00pm . the staff did n't even great us . i gave my order and was promptly told there was no rice for the burrito . could n't believe you opened at lunch with no rice . as my tortilla was handed to the next staff member , she laughed that there was no rice . i had to tell her twice what beans i wanted . she had no initiative at all . constantly repeated myself to every staff member . we paid and sit down . when i bit into the burrito , it split in half . the tortilla was stale . this was the worst service i have ever received at a salsaritas . do see us ever visiting it again at this point .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like salsarita 's but i have to agree with the others . their customer service is terrible . i went to get the good ol ' quesarito and she never asked me that i wanted my order to go . when i mentioned that i wanted to the order to go , the lady taking my order decided to give me attitude about it . how about you just do your job ? i used to work in fast food ; i understand it 's stressful . do n't take it out on other people . i was the only person in line .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service here was awful ! ! the rude girl making our food started with `` what do you want ? '' she was unpleasant until some friends came to the counter , then she smiled and laughed and talked with them while making our food . she put things on my daughter 's burrito that she did n't want . i love salsaritas but will avoid this particular location in the future !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is most definitely a rare and therapeutic oasis treat that 's worth the commute and then some . my husband and i just had one of the best couples massages to date and the icing on top was that we had the salt cave to ourselves for this unique and blissful experience . it was a tranquil environment , the staff were very skilled and the health benefits are a happy bonus . i wish this delightful business every success and we will be regulars you can count on it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a bad experience over here going on a thursday . floor is too sticky from all the booz on the floor , besides being not in perfect shape ( floor needs repair ) . was supposed to be more into salsa , turned out to be 70 % reggaeton night ! ! the dj keeps on talking while music is playing , which is really annoying to ppl who wan na dance ! ! ! not recommended", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here and i think a funeral would appear more lively . it 's such a shame because the venue looks fairly new . competition is heavy in terms of latin clubs . i can appreciate it 's close by to my house but what does that matter when there 's not much going on to begin with ? on the plus side , they have heineken buckets for $ 21.00 . 4 beers at that price is not that bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 3.50 coronas $ 4.00 tequila . friendly service . small to medium size dance floor . dj was great . $ 100 bottle ... will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worse place ever . the dancing floor is broken and sticky . the music really bad . the dj is all the time with the microphone very annoying . very pricy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "red flags went up on this company after asking for a gfe ( good faith estimate ) . instead i received a full application and a rate-lock promise after the application was complete . no gfe ! ! ! in sales , this is called a presumptive sale . i responded in writing asking for a gfe or for them to never contact me again ... not only did i not get a gfe , i received a call at work from this guy with the initials b. j . - he ignored my request ! ! ! how can you trust someone who ignores your requests ( hey , social security numbers , financial information , all of it requires high amounts of security ) . i suggest that you double-think giving them anything based on their inability to give a good faith estimate when requested . they had all of the required information - other companies responded and won or lost my business based on their gfe of costs . my re-finance went somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a terrible experience dealing with this company was . they are very helpful up front and review everything . however , they mislead you and once their `` work '' is done , will not return calls or answer the phone . my appraisal came back at the price that the terms were negotiated and refi denied . when called to inquire , my once helpful agent who always answered the phone will not pick up the phone . plus , they unethically changed themselves to my lender through my insurance company and even provided a loan number despite the loan not being approved ... ? oh , and not to mention charges through my bank for requests made on their part . i would not recommend this company to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! ! ! worst ever ! this is the second time in three months i 've had to put a stop payment on them because they pulled twice as much as i told them to out of my account ! how is this legal ! `` 10-20 business days for a refund '' hell no !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such a great loan originator with horrible customer service . i made a request for pmi removal during feb . it took so many days to initiate the process . after several follow-up they scheduled an assessment . the assessment was cancelled twice because person had personal commitments . i made several calls to call center and every-time i talk to someone , i get conflicting answers . i am doubtful if they train people enough to own the process . when i request to talk to supervisor , call goes on hold and then they say `` supervisor is busy '' . phone line always has some technical issues and website doesnt have many features .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . nobody gets back to you on time , process takes twice as long . the average response to my questions - 3-4 days ! ! do n't deal with this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new owners ... .better then before . we had a large pizza , wings and dessert . the pizza was awesome , great the crust was chewy and had a good taste . there was flavor to the sauce ( unlike sardellas ) and plenty of cheese . this is a filling type of pizza not a `` hot and ready eat 8 slices by yourself . '' the wings were good too . not too hot not to mild . they have updated the seating and the interior as well . they now fit 12 people or so . you can go there for lunch now . lol it can get expensive but it is worth every penny . i am glad we went back . also the owner ( i assumed ) was very plesant and actually spoke to us ( daughter too ) lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somewhat dumpy location that has slices at lunch , but they do n't seem to have them available until someone asks for one ( then you have to wait for a new pizza ) . quality of pizza is as good as other locations though . no dine-in seating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the pizza i grew up on in chicago . very thin and cut in squares ( deep dish was for tourists ) . the italian sausage is good and not the `` pellet '' stuff you get in other pizza joints . try a green pepper , onion , and sausage . this location does not have seating so be prepared to pickup or get delivery .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in here twice now . first time for a salad . second time for a carry out pizza . salad came in a plastic container and was packed full . very fresh ! came with dressing on the side . second visit we got a large thin crust with different toppings . counter person was very courteous . pizza was hot and made to order . i like the thinness of the crust and the sauce was flavorful . just enough ! much better than the corporate $ 5 pizza ! will definitely be back to try other menu items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to be a regular customer - not anymore . i 'm from chicago and rosatis has become here what it is there - a chain just a link or two above pizza hut or dominos ! sometimes the pizza was great but , overall far too many problems ( undercooked skimped on cheese one time forgot to put sausage in pizza - just dropped it on top and ran it thru again ... came out dry and all the sausage just rolled off ! ) order at thunderbird 57th & union or bell rd - much much better at those locations - i think they just gave up here ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "solid pizza . i 've also had the jumbo calzone here , and they were n't kidding about the jumbo part . for 6.50 , that baby could have fed 2 people . or one hungry me . i 've only had take-out from here , so i ca n't say anything about the ambiance . i did n't even order , so i ca n't even say anything about the ordering process . but the food is solid . 3.5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly , fast , and really good pizza . the guy who helped us at the front counter was very quick , almost had a sixth sense when it came to customers . was able to use their $ 10 for $ 5 voucher with no problem at all , and they were open christmas eve . will be coming here the next time we want pizza ! did i mention their pizza is awesome ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is the worst ! ! they would n't redeem a coupon i had in the `` coupons for a cure `` book that i had from a donation . who says no to a coupon that is printed in black and white . wo n't be back even though i live right there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they do n't even deserve one star . placed an order online though yelp eat24 . called to confirm that my order would be delivered accurately since i have had 3 previous deliveries screwed up . well , ordered a salad with 1 ranch , 1 italian dressing . received 2 italian dressings . ordered -- mind you as part of the special -- a 2liter of sprite . not delivered . ordered cannoli for dessert , they did arrive very nicely . the pizza was cold . called the restaurant , manager told me this special was not valid anymore . said sorry , said he 'd have the soda and another cannoli sent to us . they redelivered the sprite , 2 ranch dressings and what u think is 2 more italian dressings that look and smell rotten , the cannoli is a teramusu . epic failure rosati 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh god ! so , we got our pizza delivered and it only took about 45 minds , which is fine ! until we got the pizza , the driver was nice and the pizza was hot ... but when i took my first bite , it was really bad . the cheese was n't cooked all the way , the crust was really soggy , and the veggies were really slimey and nasty ! not getting this ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tonight i had the deep dish pizza and it was awesome . i also had wings , breadsticks , and the chocolate cake . it was all hot , fresh , and prepared quickly and the young staff was very on the ball . when i came i was promptly greeted by them . they handed me what must be their new menu because it was the same one i had recently received at home . the food came and i was on my way home after getting a thank you and have a great weekend from them . i highly recommend this location and their food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome deep dish chicago style ... .two days later and i 'm still feeding off the large !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , the first time we went there we tried there pizza . nobody in the house enjoyed it . tonight decided to give them another try . we decided we would then try there subs , since the pizza was n't any good . so placed an order for pick-up . ordered 3 , received a bag that was stapled together . got home and there were only 2 subs in there , had to go back after getting home . got back home and none made the way we requested . wo n't give them a 3rd chance , i 'd suggest save your money and go anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just got two orders of baked mostacciolli . one was obviously bad by the overwhelming smell when we opened the lid . they offered to send me another order but by now the damage was done . will not order from here again . good luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were very disappointed with our experience with this place last night . my husband waited an hour for an order consisting of 2 items . the food was cold when he got it home and we live a little more than a mile away from this restaurant . i ordered the cheef 's sandwich , which is my go-to on the menu . in the past i always received some dipping sauce with the sandwich . last night none , and the sandwich was not good . the bread was tough and stale . the meat was tasteless and cold . they did n't bother to ask if i wanted salad or french fries , so i received a small bag of french fries , which i have to say were not bad . my husbands ' pasta was good , but also cold . do n't think we will be coming back to this place again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was really good pizza ! ! was a little upset when i ordered a pizza and it was made thin crust and they had n't even asked me what kind of crust i wanted . the food was delicious tho ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "regardless of the time of day their delivery is always over an hour . on several occasions they have sent the wrong order and the food has arrived cold !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing deep dish pizza ! ! ! family owned and operated ... the owners and the kids are absolutely charming ! best place to get a great pizza in phoenix ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great choice ! ! we decided to try this restaurant while staying at country inn & suites in deer valley . the delivery was super fast , the order was correct and complete , and the food was excellent . we had the rosati 's salad , the combo appetizer platter , and jumbo pepperoni pizza slices . the salad was fresh and delicious , loaded with all the ingredients listed , and big enough to easily feed 3 people . the jumbo pepperoni slices were huge , the crust homemade and tasty , and the cheese and pepperoni were some of the best i 've tasted in quite a while . now the combo appetizer was kinda pricey when i ordered it but so worth it ! it was fried heaven in a box ! huge wings , crispy battered onion rings , fried mushrooms , cheese sticks , and jalapeno poppers . everything was still hot and perfect upon delivery . thank you for a wonderful meal . definitely will order again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ughh so disappointed usually this place is n't too bad but after yesterday never again . $ 50 of delivery ordered and never to be heard of again . after promised an hour wait at the most , with 2 hours passed and closing time approaching , we tried contacting them several times only to be directed to voice mail each time . at this point almost 10pm ( closing time ) , starving , and not willing to be dismissed , my husband drove to rosatis 10 minutes prior to closing time to see what happened . he walks in to find 2 employees chatting and hanging out . they claimed they were `` swamped '' . no offer to discount comp anything , or sincere apology . mediocre food . definitely not worth it and will never be providing our business to rosatis again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it does n't get better than this ! ceasar salad and chicken parmisian spaghetti , wow . happy birthday to me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a pizza for the first time . the tomato taste was so overbearing that you could not taste anything else . better off going to little ceasars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered take out online after receiving a coupon for rosati 's , the coupon stated , `` 2 regular size dinners for $ 14.99 '' and `` must present coupon when ordering '' there was n't a coupon code on it so i added a note in the special instructions area . when i picked up my food , the employee was rude and refused the coupon because i did n't call in the order . this was my first and will be my last time ordering from rosati 's . they need better service and communication . we are new to the neighborhood and they did not welcome us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been ordering from here 2 to 4 times a month for about a year now . prior to today we have only had one other issue and that was when about 30 % of the pizza was bare . today there was a computer glitch . i ordered a large pizza and received a medium one . i have the order listed on my ipad for the driver and when i called to complain that there was a order issue . driver could care less and the manager could only say one phrase `` our computer said medium '' i offered to fwd it to him since he is a worthless pos . after such horrid customer service we will never order from here again . too many great pizza places to eat at that fix their screw ups . i had proof he basically said to f o .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "placed order an hour and twenty minutes ago . still waiting . person who answered the phone did n't seem to think this was unreasonable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm from chicago and i love this place ! the pizza is amazing and tastes just like ledos pizza from back home in the chi . i love the thin and square cut slices so much better then the regular triangle cut ! i will be back ! this is what real pizza should taste like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best pizza i have ever had in az ... i always order the thin crust sausage and it 's amazing every time , no matter the location ... .i have also had their pastas and fried zucchini and both are wonderful but nothing beats their thin crust pizza ... so authentic i can eat a large by myself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picked up a couple of calzones . they were delicious , full of flavor , and large enough to have half for lunch , half for dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza sauce has an overwhelming tomato flavor , the crust was layered and has a cardboard like taste . customer service was none too great either . like some of the other diners stated , go get a little caesars and save $ 15 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "changed sausage on us . pizza was terrible . just kind of cheap tasting . been eating at different rosati 's for years . not sure what happened . can not go back . entertainment money is too tight to waste and or risk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! great wings , great service and i 'm excited to try more things they have to offer . i always pick up or have it delivered and they are very punctual , no waiting for your food . by far the best wings i 've ever had", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite location and their chicago style dee dish pizza is the best around ! if you 've never eaten at this location i truly recommend trying them out ! the owner is awesome and fun to talk with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our go-to pizza takeout . the wings are nicely sized and always loaded with sauce . the pizza is always tasty with a crispy crust . giant pizza and loads of wings at a great price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is far better than any other location in arizona , everything is fresh and made for your expectations , the people are always friendly and never mean , any problem that you have they will fix it with no questions asked , the pizza was outstanding and the meatball parm was excellent , ( you should try it on garlic bread , the owner referred it to me ) i will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time my friend and i have ordered pizza from this establishment . both times the person answering the phone was short with us and acted as if they were doing us a favor by even talking to us . we waited an hour the first time and finally received the pizza after calling them a second time . tonight an hour and a half ... ..and the pizza never came . we called to complain and were hung up on . i will never use this business again and highly recommend you do the same .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out here in the phoenix area for some business and felt like a pizza and boy did i find a great one..first off the customer service over the phone was great the girl that took my order guided me through the menu and helped me make my order of a monster chicago style with hot wings . .usually im a four to five slices guy but with the weight of this pizza im so full after only a slice and 3 huge wings..the ingredients were so good and fresh and the wings were huge and tasty..delivered on time in 45 mins ... definitely a must stop spot if your in the area thanks rosatis", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife phoned in an order for 2 pizzas with a money mailer coupon for 14.99 . when i went to pick up the total amount was $ 43.42 and the manager said they would not take the coupon . . very deceptive advertising and poor service . . will not go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not order delivery from here ... it 's horrible ! took an hour and fifteen mins and the pizza was cold because the driver got lost .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the meatball sub is very good . the peppers are super sweet and the bread is nice and fluffy ! the wings are an interesting shade of red but are delicious and mild is perfect , ca n't wait to bite into my cannoli ! we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first thing j want to say is this is ideally and take out delivery place . it even says that for this location on their website . so to the rude lady that was grunting when i was leaving , you 're a fool . i got the veggie speciality pizza and it was so yummy . this is the best pizza i 've had here since i 've moved here from ny . got a 12 '' size and it was perfect for me and my plus one . would absolutely order from here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just ordered from this rosati 's for the first time in quite awhile . previously i had stopped ordering as every time i did the order was screwed up . not a little off or late , but waaaaaay off and late on several consecutive instances . something has changed . the gentleman taking the order was efficient and coherent . the order arrived faster than expected and to my surprise was 100 % accurate . all went well rather than the parade of failure and ineptitude i had seen for the last year and change . so great job rosati 's crew . keep executing on the basics . do n't get cocky .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were from out of town and had a groupon . and were disappointed upon arrival that this is really just a take out and delivery place . rather than sit at one of their 3 afterthought , crushed into the retail space tables , we opted to take out back to our hotel room . then , dh says he wants chicago style , looking for a lou malinotti 's replica.. ugh . i was really ready to hate this place . i ca n't . the customer service guys were great . the pizza was actually very good . lots of good quality , melty cheese . crust a fair fascilime of lou malinotti 's . a little skimpy on the added sausage , but plenty of onion . way too much sauce for me , but easily scrapped off . but i have to say , the sauce was extraordinary - wish i had that stuff on pasta . nice side salad with a great surprise of apple cider dressing which was a huge surprise and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "check out there web site for some pretty good deals - especially the wings . only place i 've found in this area that makes mild wings that wo n't melt your face off and still have taste !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cashier messed up my order but the mannger fixed it ! i order a deep dish and got a thin crust but the swap the pizzas for me no extra cost ! great service ! the pizza was huge . i order the deep dish too much cheese on the pizza needs more sauce than cheese . the cheese was really fresh just too much off it on the pizza ! ! i 'm willing to comeback ! there 's no dining room : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what 's with all the negative reviews . just ate half my gluten free pizza with green bell pepper & onion and i ca n't wait to eat the other half . there are n't many pizza joints that offer a gluten free crust so for that they get high marks . also , being from chicago i consider myself to a bit of a pizza aficionado and rosatis reminds me of old school chicago pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chicago pizza in the valley ... we would n't have it any other way . i have been in the valley over ten years and have try 'd them all it seems like . i still prefer rosati 's any day of the week . thanks for being a great location and great service as well as delivery . see you next time for another `` monster pie ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , that was an unpleasant dinner . we ordered a cheese deep dish and sadly wished we had opted for a bowl of cereal from our pantry instead . the sauce was excessively salty , the cheese all but non existent and crust was the taste and texture of cardboard . i 'm not typically critical of food ... its just food after all ... but was really plain old bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a large thin crust pizza to go after seeing all of the rave on here . however , i was disappointed after taking one bite of the pizza . my $ 20 pizza had the texture of an ovened $ 1 frozen pizza that has been left out to dry . it was my first time eating at rosati 's , so i gave an extra star for i may have just ordered the wrong type of pizza . unfortunately , i probably wo n't be coming here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good food , and lots of it ... one of the best i have had in some times ... little pricey but u get great good so it kinda makes up for it..it 's a milestone do again . .thank u", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently received a menu in our mail and decided to give the deep dish a try . i called it in and hubby picked up to bring home . awesome deep dish pizza very chicago authentic and crust perfectly cooked . best part is it held firmly together and even a few days later enjoyed leftover pizza that still tasted amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up having rosati 's for friday night pizza in my family . always great food and reasonable prices . i think it is superior to the similar pizza places in the area . this location has new owners and they were very friendly and helpful when i picked up my order . definitely recommend giving it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . the young lady at the counter would not allow me to order without giving a phone number . then she did not know what mostaccioli is ( or how to pronounce it ) . she gave me the order to take out although i told her it was to dine in -- then gave me a dirty look when i mentioned it . she did not offer me a receipt until i asked for one . the chicken parm was okay , the pasta watery and lousy . avoid this location !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had dinner here last night . we got the chicago style pizza and dough nuggets with drinks and of course a cannoli ! ! the pizza was the best we 've ever had ! ! you and taste the freshness in the ingredients . i love the dough nuggets too ! ! these tasty little fella 's can hold there own against any appetizer ! ! we also met one of the owners who was very friendly and helpful . i love this place ! ! best pizza in all of the land ! ! the delicious cheese that is now clogging my arteries is well worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful pizza cheese sucks sauce sucks crust sucks disgusting bonless wings the worst i ve ever had hard and old ... same with the fries ranch was runny and gross.. only thing ok was the coke lol anyways definitely would n't ever eat there again anyone with any sort of standard for food and even pizza bc its kinda hard to mess up do not bother . pick up a frozen pizza it would be better : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza was not what i expected , flavors are overwhelming ... wings on the other hand are good , i 'd think twice before ordering again.. ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "moving to phoenix from the suburbs of chicago is hard enough . so happy to see rosati 's here ! ! the food was on-time , hot , correct order . to top it all off , the front end staff is very friendly . we have been here three times already . kids love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used tots and specifically this location for years between 2 kids . they are affordable , caring and attentive . they have such a great curriculum that i do n't worry about my child being ready for kindergarden in 2 years . he loves going to `` school '' and all the staff there are friendly . the best part is that you only pay for the days your child attends . he is well fed there and they have water days in the summer and fun evening events for the whole family around holidays like christmas and halloween . would recommend them to anyone ! i have also used the val vista and southern location and the signal butte and main location and both lived up to the same standards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really interested in enrolling my son at this sunrise but i lost all faith . i contacted them on their website about availability and scheduling a tour . 3 days later i received an email addressed to me about a different family . it said they could n't wait to meet me and my son joey and show us the facility on our tour . my child 's name is n't joey and i had no tour scheduled so i was obviously confused . i wrote back asking how to schedule a tour and never heard back . its been over a week . if y'all ca n't handle your email system , i 'm not trusting you with my kid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looking for a great deal on a flat screen , cell phone , laptop this is your place . they are also a repair shop ... sales and service of all major brands . hubby and i were looking for a nice projector to go in our sports bar and we got an awesome deal out of here ... .panasonic 1080p high def projector that retails for $ 2000 , we got it for $ 400 . the guys here are very knowledgeable and can pretty much get you whatever you need . we were also in the market to purchase several tv 's and they really hooked us up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a couple drinks and to pick up dinner to go . sat at the bar - bartender was friendly and poured decent drinks . ordered the mac n cheese ( no chicken or meat , just the green chilis ) , and it was ridiculous . so freakin ' good . i dream about that mac n cheese now ... wish i lived closer . except i 'd get it every week and my heart & cholesterol would not appreciate that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars , i would . stood at the hostess station for 10 minutes without as much as a look from anyone . it 's no wonder this place was empty minus a few early drunks . we tried , and never will again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we tried brick 's tonight and were very pleased ! erin was fabulous ! we sat outside and never felt forgotten . my dozen wings will last me for days ... huge portion . i ordered medium and was satisfied , not hot but a little kick . my guy ordered the green chili sliders and tater tots and loved both . i could n't do the red meat but his tots were awesome ! i highly recommend the pumpkin porter !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "once again i find myself back here at bricks . i 've been coming here for a few years now ; the name has changed a few times , but the great food and service has been a delightful constant . i 've had several dishes and never had a complaint about a single one . i can heartily recommend the green chile burger , the blue cheese steak salad , the wings , the garden grilled cheese ( great with a side salad ) , the buffalo chicken sandwich and the chipotle bbq ribs - i 've had them all and they 've been very delicious and satisfying , every time . with great compliments like 12 large screen tvs ( various sizes ) , karaoke night ( tuesdays at 8pm ) and free wi-fi , bricks is a must-visit addition to the east valley . come and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we finally found our favorite happy hour spot ! ! great food ! great beer , ( unlike other spots in the area that only serve the same old tired domestic choices during happy hour ) , and great service ! ! after reading the many reviews about the nachos , they were the first thing we ordered . thanks to everyone who posted on this tip ! our omg meter has n't peaked like this in a looong time . other items ordered included the habanero burger , the bbq chicken flatbread , the spinach dip , and the chicken quesadilla - all of which were utterly delicious and generous portions . thanks , bricks ! we 'll see you again real soon . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i tend to meet work friends here pretty often . its quiet so that 's why we like to go . it never seems to be too busy . the food is typical bar food , nothing really stands out but it is edible . the service is good if you are in the actual bar area , if you sit in the `` outskirts '' the seem to sometimes forget about you . we did have to wait quit awhile for our check .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's nothing fancy , but i 'm a huge fan . lots of tvs that the staff will gladly change to accommodate a sports fan . one of the few places in the valley that will show soccer games without being asked too . the staff is super friendly and know how to have a good time too . it 's definately a good place to be a regular at , but they treat the first-timers just as good . for a sports bar , the food is super good . i 'm a huge fan of the mac n cheese and i ask for some habenaro paste in it just for the added heat . so good ! the green chile burger is another yummy choice . and if you 're ever in the mood for beer and wings , you 're completely in luck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not typical bar food . high quality meat and ingredients prepared by the chef owner . between me and my husband we have tried almost everything and have never been disappointed . not on east mesa ? make the drive if you want great food . a few favorites : beer can chicken , bbq burger , garden grilled cheese , and buffalo chicken sandwich . sweet potato fries are a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know , i have been to bricks 3 or 4 times and every time i enjoy the food . the owners are great people and most of the food is scratch prepared . my favorite is the buffalo chicken sandwich and fries . the fries are soooo good . the atmosphere is that of a typical sports bar but has other areas that are more than suitable for family dinners . i will continue to go there to enjoy lunch and the company of the friendly bar tender . she is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this family-owned bar & grill . lots of gluten-free options , including the best gf chicken tenders i 've had . great wing deal on mondays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone always is friendly . the service is consistently great and the food is so good . freshly made . great portions . very nice casual atmosphere and comfy patio", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wings were not good . tasted very bland . friendly service though . not too many people here . tv was way too loud for the amount of people . not sure how the 'family friendly ' fits in : it 's just another sports bar with blah food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoyed this place a lot until i my friend pointed out they do n't finish making your drinks when you get tipsy . i had two drinks that were just mixers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "big ass burgers . menu right to the point . lots of tvs for your sports . nice service . back to the brick tonight for monday night wings . have to say worth the $ 6.00 hands down . all the basic favors and got up to 10 to 12 pieces . our new waitress brenda is a down to earth gal who tells you like it is . she made it a point to make us feel welcome . if your in the area you 'd be dumb for not stopping in . keeping it real .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food ! good service ! the chicken sliders are super amazing ! it 's a very laid back atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to bricks by chance with my family . i had never been there before and i was expecting it to be impossible to find something i could eat that was gluten free . when i asked about dedicated fryers , etc . the server told me about all the gluten free options , i was wowed ! i ended up getting the chicken fingers and chicken wings ( yes , a little redundant ) . so good ! we even went back the following day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and a friendly staff . the service was very prompt and greeted you at the door making you feel very welcome . i would recommend the chicken saltimbo , awesome ! they are family friendly but the ambiance is more tavern oriented than family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , cool place , and great people . stop in and try their monday wing special for only 5 bucks . great deal . the only thing i can suggest is they need to show soccer . lol . thanks for reading .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live just around the corner but had never been here . tried out lunch the other day - it was fantastic ! ! try the salmon sliders ... you wo n't be disappointed . great food and great service . hope they stick around for awhile because this is a really nice addition to the somewhat dismal dining scene in east mesa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jessica is awesome ! start out with the nachos-smoked gouda & fresh topping like guacamole ! ! hamburgers were perfect ! chicken quesadilla was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good beer good price and great staff and friendly bartender !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just wanted to reiterate on bricks yes i had the wings once again this guy makes all of his on sauces for the wings i order hot and get a side of extra hot and bring it home i love this sauce i use it on other things ... eggs mexican food etc what ever floats your boat there are 12 meaty wings per order wife had chinese chicken salad yummy as well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only been then once and was not impressed . typical dive bar : fried food , low light , loud drunk idiots . they turn the tv 's up to down out the drunks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service and food . the burgers are always amazing along with the fish & chips on fridays . i personally recommend the bbq burger & the green chili mac and cheese , food of the gods . lots of screens to choose from and they always seem happy to switch to something you want to watch near your table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this chef can cook ! never had something i didnt like . and the filet is to die for and very reasonably priced !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if it were n't for the great food , this place would n't deserve a star . the place was vacant and we still had terrible service , slow food delivery ( 30 minutes ! ) , and forgotten drinks . seems as though the waitresses would rather be on their phones than tend to customers . doubt we will return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the place to go . wait do n't go . it 's perfect without you there . ( if you do go , get the nachos ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how do i say this in a nice way . ... . if you do n't like this place , you need to be hit on the head with a tackhammer because you are a 'tard . ok , that 's too much , but still . ... excellent excellent food ( you wo n't find a better nacho , but the prime rib , sandwiches , burgers , etc , are also genuinely good food , not just `` for a bar '' ) , excellent prices , superb sports bar atmosphere ( including a single pool table ) , and excellent service . cool little `` frosty strip '' ( as i call it ) to set your beer on , which is cool . it 's super fun to watch a cardinals game here , lots of noisy , excited fans . huge , quality , projection screen for the featured game , too ! a close second to being at the game !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was hoping for a sports on par to blue 32 but unfortunately it fell short . it is definitely more upscale than your average sports bar . it gets a a for that and the pool table plus foosball . there were under staffed but the service was still decent , albeit slow . we were disappointed in the food . good but nothing i would make an effort to come back to . wings , grilled artichoke and salmon cakes just ok. maybe we should have tried the burgers . maybe next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what happened to this place ? ? ? i loves there food ! ! only bar that i actually wanted to eat at and now they are closed . = ( sad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if anyone knows where they moved to please message me . there was a sign on the door after closing but no contact info .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quiet little sports bar . nothing too fancy , small menu , decent food . waitress got three things wrong with the order but somehow still managed to charge for extra dressing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the best sports bars ever . the food is amazing as far as sports bars go . they have a lot of televisions and the place is fairly kid friendly . we come for the cards game every week . the people are always friendly and the environment is open and laid back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took over an hour and 20 minutes to get wings on a sunday night . place was n't busy at all . server apologized a few times and seemed like there may have been other issues , people not showing up for their shifts , bad scheduling , etc . place not good enough to go back and try it all over again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! the food is amazing ! service was amazing ! super friendly staff . i ordered the buffalo chicken sliders ! yum ! their gluten free menu is awesome ! and the server informed me that all their meat is from midwestern meat packing co. soooo good ! ill definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in to try this place . no hostess , no sign to say seat yourself . stood by the empty hostess stand for 10 minutes . no employee made eye contact with me despite walking by on numerous occasions . i left . if they do n't care enough to even seat their guests , then i do n't care if i ever try it again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to bricks for nearly 3 years ! ! ! it is the best place in the area ! ! great place to watch sports ! ! ! food is amazing ! ! the owners really put a massive emphasis on quality of food and service ! ! fresh made everything ! ! even the chicken tenders are handmade ! ! monday night wing night and football with $ 6 dozen monster wings ! ! i love this place everyday of the week ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is your average sports bar . good for beer ... .not so good for margaritas . the blue corn nachos taste really good , but the blue corn chips are not actual blue corn ... .but dyed corn tortilla chips . do n't want to tell you how i know this , cuz it 's gross . we 've only been here on saturday afternoons while my son 's at guitar . there 's usually only 1 ... maybe 2 people working . sometimes it takes a while for our order to be taken , but generally the service is good . they have pool tables lots of televisions . overall , a decent place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great burgers ... huge and juicy . steel tip darts , pool table , lots of tvs , cold rail at the bar to rest your beer on . cute bartender , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here 4 times and each experience worse than the next . 2 of my visits i had a male server in his early 30 's who seems to be stoned out of his mind . takes forever to get initial service and then an additional 5-10mins just to receive a beverage . one of my visits i did n't even receive my soda until my well done burger was served . the other 2 times i had a female waitress who had absolutely no answers for any questions my party had including something as simple as `` do you have apple juice '' . just brutal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did n't even know this place was here until my husband come home one day and said he ate a ghost pepper after about a week of referring to him as `` spice butt hole '' he decided we should both go check out the place . when i got there i was pleased to see that he had invited a few of my friends and family to celebrate the start of my new business ! the group was of about 10 people and our server did a great job , our beer glasses were never empty , our food was yummy and quick and he separated the checks without any difficulty . i go places with groups often ( like book club ) and these things are important and all too often rare . it 's not too far from home and a great place to just hang out . i recommend it and will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i live so close to this place but have never thought to eat here . it 's just one of those places you drive by and do n't really notice i suppose , but luckily i read some reviews on yelp and decided to check it out . i want to thank carol for her recommendation of the bbq burger . it was fantastic , one of the best burgers i 've ever had . the quality of the food seemed like a nice step up from your typical sports bar fare . i felt so full all night . you know , the good kind of full . the drinks were also very reasonably priced for happy hour and they had a decent selection of beers on tap . service started out pretty slow and it was n't at all busy . i think our waitress was a little too busy socializing but eventually we got drinks and placed our orders . it seems like everyone here knows each other , which i like . i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's just face it , there are a lot of bike shops out there . when it comes to getting great work done on your carbon-steed , the right gear is the right place to go . i recently acquired some high-end carbon wheels that required tubular tires which are not easy to mount . last year i tried mounting my own tubulars onto my wheel . the result was a gunky mess that looked like an amateur wheelset . after asking around the cycling community , i discovered they have an expertise in mounting tubular tires . 2 days after dropping my wheels off , my wheels were ready to race . the wheels looked great and the glue job was immaculate . a close friend tried gluing his own tires around the same timeframe and he was very jealous of the great work that was done for me . i live down in charlotte and kannapolis is n't exactly convenient , but any of my professional servicing gets done at the right gear because it 's worth the drive to get the best service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a cross country mtn bike road trip we stopped in to grab a critical part . unfortunately we showed up before business hrs when the management staff was prepping the shop ... they were kind enough to let us pick up what we needed before they opened ! big thanks.. highly recommend these guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a new pinarello from jim and the crew at the right gear , and the entire experience was perfect . he sourced the exact frame i was looking for , measured me and fit me to my new ride , and made the entire experience a true ... `` experience '' . i have ridden my bike for only a few weeks now , but i could n't be happier . thanks jim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a total rip off . please stay away from these guys ! ! they are dangerous , and are n't supposed to be in business . do n't waste your time and money to this crap !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "needed a car for my stay in las vegas . the agent was friendly , and you really ca n't beat the prices . i 've gone to many car rental companies from different states , and by comparison , this is one of the top ones i 've used . i would definitely consider this company again for my next visit to vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend renting a car from here . the staff is awesome , courteous and very friendly . carlos is the best and will go out of his way to accommodate your every needs . will definitely recommend to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an excellent experience with them and plan on buying a car ! i could not remember the name of the company . golden nugget recommended them to me because i just had cash on me . they were just like every other cash only car rental place and a bit cheaper to me . i went to one and he was ridiculous , on sunset across the street from the airport ! the staff was friendly ! one thing that did upset me was when i dropped the car off on a sunday and had to walk to the bus stop because there was no one to take me home . i wish that i would have gotten some kind of discount for that inconvenience , but for the most part , i was pleased with my car , 2013 nissan versa and i want it ! ! ! now that i have found them , i am calling them and going to purchase a car !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing service ! i was in such a bad spot seeing that i do n't have a credit card . but here ! they were able to put me in a rental and accepted cash ! thank you thank you for all your help ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service here was really good and i got my deposit back but the quality of car was horrible . the ac in our kia barely worked , car was shaking everywhere we drove , and the brakes were very bad . it also started to rain one of the days we were in town and the wiper blades were so bad i had to pull over since i couldnt see . i compared there prices to enterprise and they were roughly 100 dollars more for the same service . the only benefit was they rented to me when i was only 20 years old . the car was completely empty when i got it as well . they say they will give you 20 percent off if you leave them a good review on yelp ( which i did in the store before i got the rental car ) and they didnt give it to me . the only benefit was they were friendly , but for the 300 dollars for a 4 day rental compared to enterprises 175 for a 4 day rental was insane .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please stay away in my own opinion the place is evil the people are evil . unbelievable that the state would give them a business . it is a total rip off ! i would n't use them again if they were the last rental co in vegas ! i had a car not even 24 hours and i was charged for two days not to mention the car i had broke down twice before i got home . stay away from this business ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my parents went to this place cause they needed a rental car place that does n't try to rip them off they found this rental place and said the customer service was excellent especially sophie they was so impressed with them and there great prices that they are going to buy i am in need of a rental car now and will be seeing them today 7 30 15 who knows we may leave buying a car instead of renting", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this place negative stars i would . i do n't recommend this place to anybody ! ! ! worst customer service ever . they seem not to be a real rental car service . we had a lot of issues with them . and they are a rip off , your better off with enterprise or budget .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my name is jasmine my first rental was with discount rental love their service very much satisfied ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome place ! have rented here for 5weeks and had no problems great location really convenient and not bad pricing ! best thing is they take cash which was a great help especially because not many rental places accept cash ! will definitely be coming here if need be in the future . i highly recommend renting a vehicle from here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "d\u00e9licieux menu de saison . apportez votre boisson . un peu bruyant si vous cherchez une ambiance romantique . sinon , pas de souci .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice little resto bistro that is also a bring your own wine . the menu was between fine dining wan na be and a comfort food diner , but still good . the crowd was a mix of young trendy to older locals . with reasonable prices , good location and a friendly staff i 'm sure i 'll be making another visit in the near future . check this place out if your in the neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le probl\u00e8me de constance provient s\u00fbrement du menu qui change constamment . lors de ma visite il manquait des ingr\u00e9dients , la chef est all\u00e9 \u00e0 l'\u00e9picerie et l'attente fut interminable pour une salade tr\u00e8s moyenne . dommage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "j'ai habit\u00e9 ahuntsic toute mon enfance et ce \u00e0 deux pas de l'endroit o\u00f9 se trouve le chien rose . ce coin de rue n'a jamais \u00e9t\u00e9 aussi joli et attirant et c'est gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 la proprio de ce resto et sa famille . en plus , la bouffe est excellente . je n'ai jamais \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7ue . les employ\u00e9s sont tous sympa et leurs desserts sont d\u00e9licieux . si le lobster roll est au menu , il faut que vous y gouttiez ! j'en salive juste \u00e0 y penser . j'habite maintenant la donc je ne peux pas fr\u00e9quenter ce resto tr\u00e8s souvent . toutefois , \u00e0 chaque ann\u00e9e le chien rose est sur ma to-do list quand je suis en ville .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enfin ! un resto rafraichissant sur fleury ouest ! on y offre un menu th\u00e8matique diff\u00e9rent chaques mois , bravo.. ce r\u00e9inventer \u00e0 chaques mois es tous a leur honneur . chaques semaine il y a \u00e9galement une table d'hote du midi diff\u00e9rente . le principe `` tapas '' du chien rose contient des tapas g\u00e9n\u00e9reux . deux par personnes est souvent suffisant . c'est apporter votre vin , oh combien agr\u00e9able ! il y a une superbe terrasse intime a l'arri\u00e8re . le service etait aussi d\u00e9licieux que les plats . le d\u00e9cors \u00e0 l'air minutieusement choisie , on se sent bien en rentrant . je suis exciter de voir leurs menu \u00e0 chaques mois , d\u00e9finitivement un coup de coeur du cartier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "une belle place , cuisine inventive , bon service , j'aime beaucoup !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un amen\u00e9 votre vin haut de gamme ont aime ca . restaurant de style tapas . menu mensuel . j'ai mang\u00e9 la plupart des tapas du mois de mai et c'\u00e9tait d\u00e9licieux et tr\u00e8s originale . c'est un peu ch\u00e8re malgr\u00e9 tout et les portion ne sont pas tr\u00e8s grosse", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la nourriture \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s bonne , mais comme on s'est fait reprocher par le personnel d'avoir \u00f4ser parler \u00e0 des amis assis \u00e0 une autre table , je ne peux donner une meilleure note . allez-y mais attention \u00e0 ne pas parler aux gens que vous croisez .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great store that we have passed by mistake many times . selections of balsamic vinegar and olive oil are overwhelming . the owner provides unique insight on varied blends that accompany fruit , vegetables , dessert and bread for dipping . really enjoyed stopping by today ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high quality and delicious . the service is always spot on and helpful when needed . i love the different size and flavor options . anything in the store is perfect for gifting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every single time i 've been to the store , the service is impeccable . i have tried ( and subsequently purchased ) oils and vinegars i never could have imagined trying thanks to the great suggestions , tastings , and recipes . the product line is unique , and the addition of the stonewall kitchen products is the icing on the cake . the om is my favorite place for all gifts now ( family , friends , dinner parties , teacher & instructor gifts , etc . ) , and there lots of nice packaging options too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by chance i meandered into this old fashioned market while visiting cleveland from nyc . designed to tempted ones aesthetics and appetite , i was intrigued by the variety , depth and breadth of its wares . more impressive were the folk that owned and worked in this establishment . michelle , one of the owners , greats all who enter with a warmth and agreeableness that one wishes for . in her inquiry and my openness she discovered i had a bit of an upset stomach . so she offered to make me a serving of avocado and toast which is by the way not on the menu . it was delicious and settled my stomach and all i can say is i wish i could take this market home with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a hidden gem in little italy ! it 's not only a convenience store stocked up with anything you 'll need from aspirin to laundry detergent , but it also has some fresh fruits veggies ! my favorite parts of this market are the unbeatable friendly service and the absolutely delicious sandwiches . i love both the prochetta and the prime rib sandwiches . they 're $ 8.50 each and come with soooo much meat ! ! definitely worth the price : ) they also have quite a selection of italian sodas ! i love pairing my sandwiches with the sanpellegrino blood orange soda . yum ! they have a loyalty club now , where if you spend $ 50 , you 'll get $ 5 off ! although they do n't have cards yet , they will make a note on your receipt , so make sure you bring this up if you want to save some money : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! our deli sandwiches were 9 on a scale of 10 . the store was busy so had to wait a bit , and was totally worth it . we ordered for takeout asian philly -- roast beef , bok choy , sriracha and teriyaki sauces , and cheese ; and blt -- fried pancetta , brie , roasted garlic , arugula , and tomato ; both on warm buttery crunchy boat-shaped buns . the store had lots of extras one might need , plus warm foods , cold salads , beer , wine and jeni 's . a must go-to when passing through little italy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a neat little grocery store . i love the convience of it and the uniqueness of some of the products it offers- vosges haut chocolate and jeni 's ice cream ? ! ? ! like kaitlin d suggests , it will lead to queen city cayenne heaven- spicy sweet fire on my ice cream palate waiting to be quenched with each spoonful of queen city cayenne . ( i could write a poem its that good haha ) additionally , they have lovely meals made to go- made to order on the spot . i will admit it took a little while ( 15-20 mins ) to get all the meals ready to go . i was done shopping before they were even ready . the groceries are slightly pricey and the selection is slightly slim ( its the size a medium convience store ) . they have good prime rib salad ( it was a little rare for my liking though ) and delicious zucchini pancakes ! ! everyone tells me to go and try their sandwiches , which are suppose to be the best", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh , how i love this little market . it 's like they read my mind and picked out all my favorite things ! best thing ? jeni 's ! ! ! yes , i walk in in the dead of winter and they have my all time favorite , grapefruit frozen yogurt . i could n't even get it at their retail store in chagrin , but there it was ! to die for -- if you 're a fan of the sweet bitter taste of grapefruit you 'll be amazed . they carry lotte sac sac -- a great asian fruit drink with pieces of mandarin orange in it . their soups and salads are always incredibly good , and the sandwich they made me was delicious . warm , friendly people , a jewel to be found no where else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . i love this place . incredible ham and bean soup , eggplant lightly breaded with tomato sauce and provolone , zucchini fritters , italian blt . in a pinch or an emergency , they deliver . i 've experienced both .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our group of 5 had a nice variety of salads and sandwiches . the food was pretty good . the service was slow and the girl behind the counter was incredibly rude to all of us . she was so rude that we wo n't return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to eat lunch at with friendly and prompt staff . i got a portobello mushroom with spinach and gorgonzola , for about four dollars . it was very satisfying . on the premises , you can eat at tables inside or out . i was n't a fan of the coffee though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome eggplant parm - served correctly with provolone , not mozzarella . the bread was excellent , too - an unexpected surprise . the owner operators are wonderful , and there are a few places to sit upstairs . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best parts of living in little italy . i love having a neighborhood grocery store right down the street . their sandwiches are spectacular and their beer wine selection is pretty solid . while groceries ( milk , eggs , etc . ) are somewhat pricey , it is worth it ( to me ) to not have to leave the neighborhood for 1 or 2 small items . they also do n't put prices on anything except their prepared foods , so it 's always a bit of a `` surprise ! '' when you go to check out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when first looking at the menu , i thought i would hate this place . i 'm not big into italian or sandwiches but after finding a groupon i thought `` why not ? '' . now i ca n't stop going back . the roasted turkey breast sandwich was great . the perfect meat to bread ratio and was super fresh- even though i strolled in at 8:00pm . i also have opted to do my grocery shopping here which is a big added bonus . they have the essentials , which is all i really need . it 's great that they have fresh produce and they freeze their past soups to buy in big containers . that 's the best . i bought the vegetable tortilla , stored it in my fridge for a month and when i heated it up , it tasted like it had just been made . next stop here : some of that yummy looking wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an absolute delight this little market is . i 'm sad this is my first time here . we decided to head to little italy tonight because the weather was so perfect . well , the entire evening was a disaster . dinner was ruined by horrible service at the restaurant we wanted to dine at . then we got a ticket . it was just a nightmare until we walked in here . the guy behind the counter was so polite . his personality was so warm and he was just thoughtful . he could see the pissed off look on my face so , he asked and i told him about our evening . he made us 2 delicious sandwiches . the asian and the blt . he also introduced me to the snoogles . he gifted us one because of the night we had . he really was an awesome guy . we ate and enjoyed the little market , we were also able to pick up a few things . i love small markets like this . i ca n't wait to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so wonderful i do n't want anyone else to find out about it but i 'm posting this anyway because i just have to ! the employees and owner are super friendly and helpful . food is fresh , delicious , and authentic . and what 's even better is they deliver -- which is speedy and also free . : ) i 'm a frequent consumer of their yummy fried eggplant slices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grabbed a meatball sub and a maine root . sub was excellent . the meatballs were perfectly seasoned and cooked . have n't ordered a salad , but saw one and those things are huge ! service was good , if not a tad slow . but it was lunch time after all , so kind of expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only say listen to john d get the sandwiches . delicious and made to order . authentic little shop . dine in the store or on the street . not literally on the street they have covered tables but you get the drift .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owners here are great , super friendly . prices are a little high but that 's the price you pay for convenience . we still shop here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on the pricier side , but they 've got ta pay rent , and the area is pricey . that said , everything i 've ever had is delicious . from their eggplant parm hero to the zucchini pancakes . i also love that they have single serving jeni 's containers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so ... where to start first met michele and john at the feast a couple of years ago and talked about hosting a dinner for us , we finally made it in last night with a dinner for 6 and wow incredible . an experience to remember . the food florentine stuffed cavalo , arancini , mussels , cheese ravioli with sage butter , shaved brussels sprouts gratinee , milanese short ribs and scottish shortbread was spectacular . the service impeccable and the time spent with everyone made for a great evening . we are coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the italian deluxe was excellent , but the turkey with the cranberry mayo was other worldly . unique and delicious potato salad . and they deliver !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "murray hill market was recommended to me by a close friend and i have to say i was served the best sandwich i had ever eaten in my life ! the super friendly staff almost makes me feel like they miss me when i have n't been there for a while . real nice little quiet private place to eat upstairs . it really is the staff that keeps me coming back very friendly people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a cute little market that is fun to check out if you are out for a walk in the little italy area . they stock a good variety of items that you would find in a local convenience store - cleaning items , ice cream , alcohol , and food items . what makes this place unique from convenience stores though is what you can find behind the deli counter - italian meats and other gourmet treats such as artichoke hearts . they even sell fresh loaves of bread ( not sure whether they make it in house though ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible chicken parm , salads , and the turkey for the sub was just out of the oven . outstanding quality and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my wife like their zucchini pancakes . also got meatloaf this trip . it was tasty , moist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the asian philly roast beef sandwich here yesterday and this sandwich pretty near blew my mind . the roast beef was super tender , the bok choy was proportioned perfectly and seemed super fresh , but nothing compared to whatever sauce they put on that sandwich . it was my first time hearing about the shop , let alone going to it , so i was floored by what my tastebuds were telling me about my food . now my only debate is whether or not i want to try something new when i go again ( very soon ) . their menu is likely full of other simply delightful items , but if i do n't like my next order as much as yesterday 's , i 'll be thoroughly upset with myself for wasting precious stomach real estate on something that was n't that sandwich . my internal judges needed no time for deliberation on that sandwich . it was immediate 10s across the board .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the sandwiches . i 've tried most of them , but generally regret when i do n't go with the italian blt . porcetta is good , but if you do n't eat it straight away , it will get soggy . when picking between the two italian sandwiches go for the upcharge on the supreme it , makes a difference . they 've got a good turkey sandwich on g-free bread too ( although i do n't know if you can substitute that on others ) . lastly their zucchini pancakes are the bomb , get them wrapped in foil and take them home for a savory , cheesey treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a quick lunch with a sub deluxe sandwich and eggplant parmigiana . fresh , very tasty food . great friendly service . definitely coming back when next time in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "murray hill market gets 5 stars for their amazing personable service and neighborhood feel . my team met there for a lunch meeting . the owner is so super friendly and enthusiastic about their food , and their food is good . she gave me a few samples of their freshly grilled fish so i could see what i might like for a sandwich . i loved their salmon as well as their crusted tilapia . i ended up with the crusted tilapia sandwich , but will go for the salmon next time ! they also feature local goods , like little italy pasta sauce as well as polish desserts ( called snoogle . ) this place is perfect for outdoor patio hangouts and meetings . there is a small space on the upstairs level with a table , but it 's not for large parties . i 'm definitely coming back while the weather is still nice . i appreciate this market overall for their focus on local & fresh goods and their friendly service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love mhm . michelle and billy are so knowledgeable and friendly . the food selection and variety is amazing . everything is fresh out of the oven ! a must for any clevelander east or west !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i went here for a mid-afternoon meal for the first time and we were surprised and delighted by the sincere service and stellar food . joanne , who is an absolute gem , welcomed us like family . we enjoyed the pan fried chicken , rolltini , zucchini pancakes , and pasta salad . this is now our favorite little place in cleveland !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good : the food when it 's fresh prepared ! amazing . try the zucchini pancakes . and the people who work here are kick ass the bad : when you buy fresh food as groceries from here . half the time it 's rotten or almost rotten", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wonderful periodontist with a great staff . dr folson is an expert in his field and the entire staff is very friendly and treats everyone with the utmost respect . will definitely refer friends and family here ! i have been a patient for 8+ years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to dr. folson as an emergency and not only were they able to see me that day they were amazing as well . every single person in the office had a smile and were caring and concerned about my well being . dr folson was so pleasant and kind , making me feel comfortable during an uncomfortable time . dr folson was knowledgeable on even the most recent advancements in periodontics yet was also able to give practical , low tech suggestions in the prevention of further bone erosion . i will be going back to him in a couple of weeks and will be setting up a comprehensive plan for fixing my issues and i feel like i am in great hands . in short i have nothing but good things to say about the doctor or his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as good of an oral surgeon as you will find ! he is concerned about your well being and that positive attitude has been adopted by his staff as well . they are excellent at what they do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anchorsuprescuegroup is amazing . my mother fell ill and is no longer able to care for herself or her dogs . within two hours of contacting anchorsup , cherie had found a home for one of the dogs . later that evening she had helped find a home for the other . i am so grateful that frank and max have found great loving homes . thank you so much cherie , and anchorsup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have nothing but praise for anchors up rescue group ! cherie has changed our families lives by introducing us to ren our little chihuahua . i started out fostering for them , it was a delightful experience . cherie took care of everything from vet visits , food , getting him acclimated with other dogs and cats etc . i knew from the start we would be a foster fail . i have worked with many rescues in the past and not one can compare to the professionalism and compassion that anchors up rescue group demonstrates on a daily basis . thank you for being the change in these animals lives !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anchors up is an incredible group , cherie is amazing and helped me rescue my little guy from certain death at the shelter , she 's been nothing but supportive and always has the best interest of the dogs and their human companions in mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cherie is one of the most caring people i 've ever met . rescuing is everything . her love a devotion to saving animals is infectious ! she treats any animal that comes in her care as her own . i 've had the privilege of fostering some of her rescues and even though she 's doing 100 things at once , if i need something or even if it 's just some silly question she always gets back to me within a few minutes . we 've driven 12 hrs in the rain to southern california because she had to save 2 more . she 's going to do great things with her rescue and because of her countless animals will be saved !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheri durand started this rescue because she has a true love of animals . her rescue not only saves dogs from the local shelter but also drives to southern california to save dogs from shelters there . she uses her own money and depends totally on the kindness of others to help the dogs she saves . currently she has a little terrier who was hit by a car and has a broken leg and pelvis and is filled with infection . he was at the local shelter for over a week with no treatment for his injuries other than antibiotics . because of the mistreatment he is going to lose his leg . the infection is so bad they have to wait for 5 days before they can operate in order to get the infection under control . i have worked with cheri since the beginning of her adventure into the world of rescue and know her dedication is strong and true .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dogs love the all natural treats . it 's rewarding to buy something so good for them and benefits a 501c rescue . i 'm getting the vegan lip balm too . good stuff ! it 's a win win to support such a great organization", "score": "5"}
{"review": "save your money . eat somewhere else . anywhere else . food quality is horrid , portions are not even close to what menu suggests or what staff indicate . prices are ridiculous . shrimp was dry and overlooked , halibut tasted like freezer fish , diver scallops where more like small bay scallops . kitchen door left open facing church street beside front entrance , creating cold draft through restaurant , i had to eat with my winter coat on . do n't waste your time or hard-earned money on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went with a group for winterlicious . the menu was pretty basic . the food was ok . nothing spectacular or impressive . ( 1 star ) the atmosphere seemed to attract dates . there were several couples who looked like they were on a first or second date ... but where this place really leaves an impression is with their service . it was nonexistent . they were very pleasant and addressed our concerns but that was only when they showed up . for the majority of our meal they were absent . it took 20 minutes for them to take our order then at least 20 min for our soup then another 30 min for our main course . we were there for over two hours ! it was terrible . waitstaff changed halfway through with the second server not knowing our order which led to confusion when we finally received the check . overall , i would not recommend this place . there are plenty of other places with better food and service . the other star is for location . very easy to get to by ttc or car .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i made a mistake and came here without checking yelp . do n't make my mistake . do n't come here . the service it 's truly terrible . we sat at the table for ten minutes and no one came . no one appeared to be coming so we flagged down a waiter who clearly did n't think we were in his section . he apologized and said he would rush out food order . i had to wait over 25 minutes between my soup and my main . everyone else 's comments are accurate food is over priced . do n't come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really shady place . i would n't come here again . i 'm surprised this place is still standing and has any patrons at all . the exterior of the building suggests a hipster-esque food joint , but the interior and food prices scream the opposite . the furniture is kitschy and outdated . the service was hardly present . i had the fish and chips and it was very untraditional , and i did not appreciate that . the fish was breaded ( breadcrumbs i think ? ) and the fries were overly seasoned . not a great fish and chips meal at all . the prices were also too high considering the quality of the meal and experience . take my word for it and do n't come here- there are hundreds of better seafood options in the city .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i tried this place since it was around the corner from my old office and featured on ritual . i ordered the chicken and avocado sandwich for lunch . it took almost 30 mins for them to make it when the restaurant was empty . portion size was good , but chicken was too pink for my liking and the fries were overcooked and so oily . the bread was fresh as was the avocado but that was n't enough to save the meal . before the ritual discount from me signing up it 's cad 15.00 for that . yikes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live around the corner from this establishment . they advertise some fish i 've never heard of & chips for $ 16 . went in to ask if they had halibut . they said yes . i asked if it was same price as the featured dish . she said add $ 9 . you mean $ 25 for halibut fish & chips . she said yes . i asked again in case she did n't understand me . yup $ 16 & $ 9= $ 25 for halibut fish and chips . now i know why the place is always empty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well apparently , i had a different experience than some other people here . i brought my parents who were visiting from out of town and we all had the summerlicious menu . we sampled the shrimp cocktail and caesar salad and both were exactly as promised . firm lettuce , meaty shrimp . tasty . next the entr\u00e9es . we had all three . the steak was basic , but well prepared with good sides . the salmon was good as well . the lobster linguini was great and the lobster tail on top was delicious . i did n't find it too salty , which is usually my main complaint , so light on the salt is n't a problem for me . a little parm cheese and it was perfect ! my only complaint is that they were out of creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e . a saturday night in the middle of summerlicious and you 're out of one of your featured items at 7pm . too bad , because that 's the only thing stopping me from giving this a 5 star rating . the service was also great . really nice group of people working there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome food and awesome service ! the lobster bisque was amazing ! we had kim as our server and she was great ! she had awesome wine recommendations ! would come back again only if kim was working ! 5 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lobster bisque was creamy and had lots of lobster . weird i never had any shellfish like the other reviews said they had . enjoyed my fish sole . huge portion . my creme brule and i tried my friends pan cotta was delicious . great service and cozy atmosphere ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mother and i visited because this was the closest place to our hotel , but i 'm glad we did ! we had crab cakes and bruschetta for apps and both were delicious ( and both were half price because it was before 6pm and we had also ordered drinks ) . we each had a steak as well ; both were cooked right and the sauce & butter were delicious . our server was incredibly kind and went back to find answers to questions when we had them . she checked in on us often and paid special attention to my mother , which i truly appreciated . i felt the value for what we received was really good for toronto ( and i travel here often , both for work and personal reasons ) . we 'll definitely come here again when we 're in the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great place to go to for a seafood dinner . the place is very clean and the waitress was very professional ! we will return next time we visit toronto..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've wanted to check this place out since it moved to the new location on church st. near my over . the decor outside made it look like a nice , casual seafood place . i came here with a friend after work one day , and when we walked in , we were surprised at how much fancier it looked inside than from what it appeared on the outside . the service was very friendly , the food was just okay , but none of it was enough to justify the prices . my friend and i both ordered the fish and chips because it was the cheapest thing on the menu ( still $ 18 19 and it was n't even halibut ) . if you prefer the greasy beer battered fish , do n't come here . they use the more breaded version . pretty sure it was frozen as well . while it was an okay experience , i 'm not sure if i would come back here for a `` casual '' dinner . if they lowered their prices a bit , perhaps .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "parkway cafe is located in the back of one of the buildings in parkway plaza . pretty decent food for the corporate crowd . they serve breakfast and lunch . my manager and i stopped in for breakfast . i opted for omelet and grits . yum !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty decent breakfast if you 're an employee of parkway plaza . love their turkey bacon , egg white , and cheese on a bagel . plus they deliver !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited charlotte a few weeks ago and stopped by the cafe for a quick bite to eat . the food was amazing ! i had the pudgy burger and it was very good . the service was fast and friendly . i will be sure to visit again the next that i 'm in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is n't the best but it 's cheap and they deliver , i think they do have regulars , i suppose their specials are good but i do n't usually get them . $ 3.99 breakfast specials ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a wonderful place to stop at for a lunch break here at work . they have a wonderful daily special that comes with two sides . i would definitely suggest that you try the jo 's grilled chicken sandwich . mmmmmmm . other than that , it is your typical commercial park bfast lunch hot spot . oh yeah , they have texas pete on every table . jackpot ! enjoy ! -ian m .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered an omelette with toast . they did not even have plates so i had to eat inside a takeaway foam plate . the brought the eggs first , 5 mins later they brought a single slice of bread and 10mins later brought the hash browns . horrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok , so yes , i 've had some work done but having kids can really take a toll on your body ! dr. angelchik 's office staff is top notch . from the first call , i felt extremely informed and welcomed . they inundate you with information , which can be overwhelming but they leave nothing out . i had consultations with other doctors who did n't give me half the information and certainly did n't make feel as comfortable . dr. angelchik is pretty dry personality wise but i 'm not paying for someone to be charming or a stand up comedian . he is straightforward and serious about what he does . that intensity certainly comes through in his work . dr. angelchik gave many warnings about the different outcomes that were possible but my outcome was nothing but perfection . ( yes , i love my new ladies ! ) i highly recommend dr. angelchik and his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can say both professionally ( i have over 18 years of plastic surgery experience ) and personally ( dr angelchik has performed surgical procedures for me ) , that dr angelchik is an exceptional surgeon . his skill and intelligent approach to plastic surgery are the keys to his beautifully predictable results . he is one of the few plastic surgeons who will tell you no when your expectations are unrealistic and that is the mark of a great plastic surgeon . i recommend him highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with dr. angelchik and his staff was nothing short of amazing ! kristen was so friendly and helpful since the day of my consultation ! i felt very comfortable and welcomed since day one ! dr. angelchik himself has amazing bed side manners and offers so much knowledge and information . he was honest , and paid so much attention to the things i asked for . i have two other family members other than myself that have gone to him as well and had just as great of an experience ! i highly recommend dr. angelchik and his office gals to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr. angelchik 's office for nearly 7 years . i see jana every few month for my skincare and she does wonders . i look much younger now then i did when i started going to her . my fine lines are virtually gone , my skin texture and tone had improved and glows . i use the product line and some peels and always get compliments . i even did some laser on my arms to remove freckles and feel much better . i go to dr. angelchik every 3-4 months for my botox and injectibles and he does a great job . everything looks natural and nothing looks `` done '' i did a lip implant with him and the results were great ! i was concerned at first of looking fake , or unnatural but the results were perfect ! no one can tell i did the implant , it still looks delicate like my other features , not hollywood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr. angelchik and his office for the past nine years . dr. angelchik and his staff are always so nice and professional , plus he takes the time to explain everything he does and i do n't feel like i 'm being rushed out the door . jana does wonders for my complexion and keeps my skin looking soft and supple . i 'd definitely recommend his office for any of your skin care or cosmetic surgery needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not thank dr. angelchik and his staff enough for the professionalism and the quality of care i recieved ! dr. angelchik thank you so much for the talent and the skill you used on me . i look amazing ! ! the results were great and i could n't be happier ! i recommend him highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a breast augmentation with a lift . i could not be more pleased with the results . i used to work in a cosmetic surgeons office and know what to look for . everything from the consultation to post op was far above my expectations . i would highly recommend dr. angelchik and his staff to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see dr angelchick in april for breast augmentation and lift . for my first consultation i was at the office for almost 3 hours . i had a million questions and concerns . when i left the office i was well informed and confident that i was with the right doctor . i had been to 5 different doctors for consultations before this and i never left feeling comfortable with moving forward . my surgery went smoothly and i was in very little pain . i was also very happy with the staff and facility at the surgery center . everybody in his office is great as well ! the staff is very attentive to your needs and listens to you when you have a question or concern . i would recommend dr angelchick to anybody who is picky and has high expectations , he will deliver the result you are looking for . i am so happy with my results and would definitely go back to his office for any and all procedures that i would consider in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my proceedure last wednesday and so far its going great . i get my stitches out tomorrow and will update after a little time goes by . dr. angelchik has been very kind , personable , and professional to me and his staff has been wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see dr. angelchik after i gave birth to and nursed my three children . my chest pretty much deflated , and i was no longer happy with the way i looked . during my initial consultation dr. angelchik explained the breast argumentation surgery in detail and answered in questions i had . then i was able to try implants on for size to see what was a good and healthy match for me . i went with 400cc and had a dual-plain argumentation on the left side . i am a little over 1week post op , and could not be happier with my results . i would like to thank dr. angelchik for giving me my confidence back , and taking such great care of me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jana is wonderful , she takes her time and listened to all my concerns . she made a game plan for my skin care concerns and now we are in the process , my first treatment of micro needling is today . i am excited , my skin has calmed down a lot from the use of the products she recommended . looking forward to continuing my regimen and the results of the micro needling treatments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attempted to make an appointment with this dr. however , after 10 calls and messages , i was unable to talk with anyone to schedule . i would always get a voicemail that they were either busy on the other line or with a patient . i left a message every time i called and not once did someone call me back . awful customer service from the get . they lost out on my money ! i went to peoria cosmetic surgery instead where the phone was answered right away and my appointment was scheduled . same day of my appointment i scheduled my procedure . west valley peeps , do n't waste your time with this office . you wo n't be happy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm loving my new d cups . i just went to my 6 month visit dec 6 2016 ... dr. angelchik is the best . if i had the money i would sent my mommy.. getting my d cups was the best 43rd birthday gift to myself..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "papa john 's was a rolling stone they have a franchise right near your home and when i 've tried it all it 's left me was with stomach pains a different location in cleveland made me and my friends sick as dogs for days a few years back . at least this pizza did n't do that . one of my sexy female friends ( married ) lives in willoughby , and we ordered from here because it 's what her kids like ( and one of them is obsessed with peyton manning , is n't he like 67 now ? ) . the pizza is as bland and awful as always . it 's not delivery , it 's digiorno 's . well this is almost as bad as a digiorno 's . maybe as bad . maybe worse . especially because they order that hawaiian sh and who even does that . but the delivery was prompt and it made the kids very happy so there 's that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only reason that this papa john 's location is getting 3 stars is because the food is pretty good . however it should be when it is standardized . i 'm giving this location a poor rating in regards to service . i ordered delivery and the delivery guy could n't figure out how to buzz himself into my apartment building . also , i ordered an extra order of the pepperoncini peppers . i literally received 2 peppers instead of the normal one and the one pepper was cut through where the pepper juices soaked the cardboard box . i 'm really disappointed with the lack of care given to my order and will be going elsewhere from now on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my water heater was leaking water badly when i woke up this morning and i knew it was time for a new one because it was more than 13 years old . i called raymond at 9am , and my new heater was installed and making hot water again by 1:30pm ! a special thank-you to shawn who did a professional job . it was a little more than i thought it would be , but you get what you pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people at raymond have been wonderful . i have the misfortune of purchasing a home with a faulty hot water tank . raymond has been very prompt on service calls and very friendly and reasonably priced . on another note , if you are looking at buying a new hot water tank , please do not purchase a state brand water tank . they are a reprehensible company that produces unacceptable products that do not function properly , in 4 years , 5 repairs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was wonderful . called friday afternoon and had someone there monday at 9 am . great company . will use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. sharma has been treating me for a couple years . i found him on a referral from a friend . i had gone to another dentist that had me sign up for a very expensive plan and told me i needed a crown , except i had no pain even when they incessantly tapped on the tooth and blew air on it . i went to dr. sharma and was told i did not need the crown . i ended up having him replace a few amalgam fillings , and one of them was directly over this tooth that supposedly needed the crown . when he replaced the filling i did not need the crown for sure , and it made me trust him even more . he has been really great , and the office personnel have never tried to up-sell me on anything . i drive from central phoenix to his office , and i am glad that i do . it 's worth the effort .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff and great service . their prices are fair and their dentists are very kind and knowledgable . i continue to see them whenever i need anything taken care of . i recently had my silver fillings redone and the dentist made the process the most pain free than i even thought possible . he was very gentle and considerate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i honestly ca n't say anything more than a great big thank you ! ! to dr sharma and his staff . i was always the kind of person that delayed their treatment because i hate having dental work done . i needed two crowns done on my lower right part of my mouth . dr sharma explained that the old silver fillings in there had leaked and allowed cavities to form . my crowns are now done , my teeth look perfect and i 've had no sensitivity at all since having them done . if you 're looking for a professional but very kind and thorough dentist that caters to dental chickens like me i would highly recommend dr. sharma and his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office is amazing ! i had a fantastic experience at this dental office . when i walked in the front desk ladies greeted me with warm smiles and hellos . i was brought back to the dental chair by a handsome man named , mario . he asked me if anything was bothering me or if i had an dental concerns . he addressed each of my concerns in a polite professional way before taking x-rays of my teeth . he then introduced me to my lovely hygienist , carrie . carrie is so delightful ! she is quick and gentle which is perfect for me because i am a big baby when it comes to going to the dentist office . following the cleaning , dr. sharma came to check my teeth for any cavities , and he too , addressed every concern and question i had . dr. sharma is hands down the best dentist i have ever been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great office and friendly staff ! dr sharma and his team are professional and immediately put me at ease . dr sharma was on time for my appointment and addressed my concerns clearly and help me set a plan to get back on track . all the work he has done for me has been exultant and i would recommend to anyone looking for an amazing dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family began going to see dr. sharma about a year ago after moving to the area and having a bad experience with a pediatric dentist . so we elected to all go to a family dentist and found dr. sharma through reviews on our insurance 's website . we were hesitant taking our boys , age 6 and 8 , to a dentist that did n't specialize pediatrics , but we were able to schedule an appt for all four of us at the same time . each visit they make us feel like we are the only patients in the office . dr. sharma even discovered an issue with my oldest son 's mouth that led to us figuring out the cause of his speech issues , something that should have easily been caught by one of his speech therapists or even his pediatrician . he has been very honest with the providers he has referred us to and connected us with only the best ! we are finally starting to see more progress with his speech , all because of the thorough care provided by dr. sharma ! we ca n't thank him enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing dentist and staff . they were very attentive to my `` fear '' of dental work and calmed me down . the dental hygienist was one of the best i 've ever experienced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this office less than a week ago . the staff were very pleasant and professional . i had not seen a dentist in quite a while . they did a great job in making me feel at ease , and not ridiculing me for my absence . great , relaxing atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been going to dr. sharma for over 5 years now , and we would n't go anywhere else ! stephanie is very helpful and always works with us . dr. sharma is very patience and caring . they are even able to accommodate my special needs daughter who really struggles with dentist visits they helped her transform from a child frightened by a dental visit , to a young lady who was able to get a baby tooth pulled without sedation . he 's treated my periodontal issues , and over time we 've seen tremendous improvements . if your looking for a great dentist on the west side , i would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed an emergency appointment after my son had issues with his wisdom teeth removal ... our old dentist `` could n't fit '' him in on a saturday ... not only did sapphire get him in ( and they had an office full of patients ! ) they were way more professional , friendly and helpful than our previous dentist ! nice , clean offices and exam rooms , friendly and helpful staff and now ... they are our family dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great office with a great staff - dr sharma is kind and thoughtful and a great dentist - stephanie has been with him for some time and is always available to help with insurance and always has a smile on her face ! - i would recommend to anyone looking for a great dental office in the west valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great ! i love that you can schedule appointments online super convenient ! the staff was super friendly and they did a great job and my teeth look and feel great ! i do n't have dental insurance as my work offers a cost share program but a cleaning , checkup , and exam with x-rays was only $ 79 for cash customers such a great bargain for the awesome service you receive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as an accident prone `` athlete '' i 'm a big fan of cleveland clinic 's sports health facility . they offer same day appointments for sports injuries , which is good when you know you 're seriously injured and do n't want to have to deal with the hassle of going to the er or urgent care . why wait multiple days when you can get an on the spot diagnosis and treatment plan ? there are a variety of doctors on hand any given day of the week to treat whatever body party you may have injured . they also have on-site x-rays and mris to help expedite the diagnosis treatment process . depending on when you 're there , you might just see one of cleveland 's athletes waiting for treatment , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only had very good experiences here with the doctors and staff . very convenient location right off 480 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been in physical therapy for my knee for about a month now . i 've been working with jeff sords and katie rodrick . both of them are excellent . they are knowledgeable and have a great bedside manner , if you will . i even told my boyfriend who is about to undergo physical therapy for his shoulder to go to one of them . yeah , they 're that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a cute little shop with a variety of non-essential knick knacks and other various gift shop items . overpriced , but in line with what you would expect with other strip offerings . this is a cute little shop to wander through while you 're enjoying everything the linq has to offer . definitely check out the accessories wall , but it 's definitely geared towards tourists .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yelp 365 challenge 2014- ( 127 365 ) `` hot topics ' cousin '' located in the linq , this kitschy little shop has alot of silly trinkets , toys , gadgets , and other nonsense that one would be crazy to pay for . i thought the pot holders were hilarious ... its good to just take a peek , have a good laugh and that 's just about it ... kinda reminds me of a wannabe hot topic.the workers there were very courteous even though i was n't planning on getting anything ... aloha ! ! ! shaka meter : uuu uuu uuu 3", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store sells an eclectic collection of varied items such as sunglasses , luggage tags , iphone cases , and hats . some of these items are somewhat amusing , but i just wound up browsing for a couple of minutes and leaving . i think this is for the 21 and under crowd . nonetheless , i am leaving 4 stars because i was very politely treated and i feel this store fills an unfillled niche on the las vegas strip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought this store was cute so my bf and i walked in to browse around . a couple minutes after we walked in , the girl that was working started following me around . i did n't think anything of it at first but as we were walking out , she asked my bf , `` did she come in with those sunglasses ? '' ummm , excuse me ? if you had been paying attention to the customers walking into the damn store inside of paying attention to your phone , you would know . it was offensive since i was wearing prada . why the hell would i want to steal your shitty looking glasses for ? hah . tip : do n't wear sunglasses when inside the store or someone will follow you around thinking that you stole them : ) lol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "run by complete jerks . i tried complaining about a rude employee to the manager but was literally cursed out by him and told to leave . would never give them my money , and i hope you do n't support such an awfully run store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is really cool and i have a list of things i want to get but just not from there . it 's all way too pricy but it 's on the strip so ca n't really complain . but one thing i can say is i will never buy a phone charger from there again . had to exchange twice cuz one worked for a day and the other was just plain dead . for the times i went back they let me exchange for free and i now have this long one that 's about to give out and i barely had it for a month ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think this place is closed . we were just in vegas over the weekend . we were looking for this store but could not find it , and we walked the promenade twice . and the last time i went into this store , it was n't like it was hard to find or tucked away . too bad , this was such a cool little shop with tons of interesting chotchkies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great museum on a terrific college campus . i know it does n't get the attention the sports facilities do but it should . check it out next time you are in c-u . it is a great way to recharge your batteries and let the power of art soothe your soul .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice university museum but certainly not the best i have seen . a friend and i went here for a special exhibit but took advantage of the opportunity to walk through their permanent exhibits as well . the permanent collection is of decent size but the quality of work is n't the best . while they have pieces from some well known artists they are n't the best examples of their work . given that entry is free , it is certainly worth a look if you have the time and inclination .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is definitely three steps up from the typical university art museum . i was at uiuc for a conference , and several of the other participants and i ended up killing a few hours of free time here . i am so glad we did ! they have a number of really interesting exhibits , including some odd and creepy installments . the space is gorgeous , too -- much bigger than i expected . do n't miss it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "krannert art museum is lucky to have a director that actually believes art should stimulate and provoke thought ... and that 's exactly what she does with the exhibitions i 've seen there so far . this would be the local equivalent to the yerba buena center for the arts in san francisco ... cool social events and openings for a cross-generational and cross-cultural crowd . what i love most about kam is that i 've had some great conversations standing around the lobby of a show and there 's no snotty art culture where people blather on about `` high art '' and how it 's so much better than anything and everyone . they do n't play those games here , even though this is the 2nd largest art institute in il outside of the chicago art institute . impressive , yes ? pretentious , no .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this museum rocks , especially for a university . a few friends and i had so much fun wandering the place . loads bigger than it looks , krannert offers everything from gaugin to modern mulit-media installations . there 's a great one about baggage right now . went for a friend ; she was opening her mfa exhibition . one half star knocked off 'cuz was extra-tempted by her claims of wine . sadly , they only served soda . any art opening should have wine , people . that 's how you tempt folks into gettin ' a little culture . the other half star knocked off because the security guard followed us around like he thought we 'd stolen his puppy . c'mon , you do n't expect to see oddly dressed mofos at an art opening , guy ? the fact one of our party was a 60 year old librarian ( who really looks like a librarian ! ) did n't tip you off that we were n't there to rob the place or splash mud on the older works ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the east wing is haunted . five stars . i think it might be emanating from laredo taft 's 'the blind ' but i ca n't be sure ; could be the peruvian artifacts in the basement .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come get your creative juices flowin - what a great way to spend 2 hours on a friday afternoon ! there were several rotating exhibits one being from the graduate students at uiuc . other exhibits included 1700-1800 oil paintings , jacob lawrence : toussaint l'ouverture series , fasioning traditions of japan , counterpoints moshekwa langa : mogalakwena , encounters : the arts of africa . the experience was quiet , reflective , and mind stimulating . there is a small coffee shop inside which i did not partake but looked like a nice spot to read study with some caffeine . if you bring a bag they will have you check it in one of their quarter lockers . so bring a quarter ( you get it back ) ! museum is free with $ 3 suggested donation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite place on campus to see a performance ! this place is decorated very nicely inside and they have great acoustics inside the auditorium .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the kam was sort of the chicago mca equivalent for me . alternative media , photography , music and experimental visual art and sculpture all meant a welcomed stimulatory experience among the decidedly non-urban setting of the university .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a perfectly nice university museum . we visited on a friday afternoon and enjoyed ourselves with both the established collection and the special exhibitions . however , and it might have been the current special exhibit , it just seemed random and not well curated . but , the museum is totally worth a stop if you are already on campus , and there is a nice little cafe attached if you are looking for a quiet coffee or place to work . the highlight of the visit was coming out the main doors to find metal working students exhibiting ( and selling ) their jewelry . they were wonderful to talk to , and i think i 'd be more positive about the visit to the museum if it seemed like students were involved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a crossing guard for an elementary school in central phoenix . today your driver drove a erratically through my crosswalk . he screamed at the car in front of him , revved his engine , slammed his brakes . all this while i had somebody who needed to cross through the crosswalk . please teach your drivers to be more careful , especially in a school zone ! i work very hard to keep my children safe , i do n't need your drivers screwing it up ! do better ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "too good to be true ! i got a dining pub table last month . when i got home , there was a crack on the top ! i had to drive all the way back and got it exchanged . i put the table together and everything was okay . 8 days later , i saw my table in a ad for $ 100 cheaper . i called to get the difference back and they said no . what kind of practice is that ? cheap furniture , if it 's too good to be true , it probably is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "low quality furniture and staff must be paid on commission cause they can be pushy . ok inventory but ca n't compare to some of the other places in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meta hastle ! ! never go there . absolutly the worst place to buy anything ! lies , hustle , hastle , etc.. take your money and then hide from you if something is not right . used car saleman mantality . bought a bed that was as lumpy as a sack of potatos ! wrong style and you ca n't get any manager to talk to you and replace it ... they sent and inspector who varified it 's defect , then they needed an inspector to inspect the inspector while days pass and we sleep on the floor . be warned . mega furniture is the worst buying experience ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star maybe 0 we bought a bed from the store on glendale we payoff and we wait for the delivery they never show up with the bed we call them and give us a date never show up we wait almost 2 month for the bed until we went to the store to get our money back and they give us diferent bed the one we bought . and we picked up at the warehouse . after we pay for the delivery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been here once for hh and did n't get a chance to indulge in the food . it 's a cozy wine bar with some nice wine selections that gets busy and on the small side . it 's a neighborhood wine bar so i really can not compare to postino 's ( in a different league ) . only drawback service was really slow..almost 10 minutes for a server to take the order but i still would like to return for a glass of vino and maybe an app next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've always thought mwc had a great visual atmosphere , the colors and the artwork were great , but i never really connected to the place and their wine list was not interesting until now ... new owners took over november '11 and the vibe has changed for the better . the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly . its the kind of place you can go to alone and make immediate friends with the other customers and the staff . the wine list has greatly improved and since they brought in a new chef ( sarah ) the food is absolutely mouth watering . they have a great happy hour on food and wine and their regular saturday tastings are a great way to find new and different wines . the staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the wines they serve , which helps make a great wine bar . fantastic patio with live music on the weekends - this is the perfect spot for a group of friends or date night . i 'm starting to become a regular and i do n't even live close by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have given this place a handful of chances over the years , but we still have mixed feelings about it . we live nearby and would love a fun place to walk to , so we keep giving it more chances . our experience : 1 . the service has always been good . waitresses are very friendly and service is good . the atmosphere is fun too . 2 . the food is ok. flatbreads are good , but if you have ever been to postino 's do not get your hopes up for the bruschetta- it 's very small and uneventful . they may want to step it up a notch . overall it 's not a bad place . they need to just step it up on some of the food based on the price you pay for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoy this place . the wine selections are nice and they have given me samples to try before i purchased a bottle . the employees have been very interested in customer satisfaction every time i have been there . this is pretty darn good for having been there several times . everything i have eaten there has been enjoyable . this is great place for date night , but not a first date , since if it does n't work out you will want to keep this place as one of your gems to go and relax at . it is also fabulous to go there with girl friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place ! great wine , amazing food and fabulous service ! ! ! after a day of shopping at ikea stop and have a have a drink and mingle with the staff ! pom frites were fabulous ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attended a friends birthday dinner at this establishment . i was very impressed with their wine menu and the knowledgebase of all the servers . wonderful bruschetta and many things for me to eat , which is tricky because i 'm a vegetarian.i 've been back a few times now and i 'm always impressed with thevservice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ... we highly recommend it ! sarah , the executive chef , makes everything so delicious . the staff goes out of their way to make you feel special . the ambiance is cozy & the view of the golf course in the back is relaxing ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loving the 'new ' owner and new chef at mwc . the food finally lives up to the wine selection , and i particularly like that they 're offering a great craft beer menu . the new patio seating is fabulous on a cool valley night . service a bit slow and stretched , but you 're supposed to be relaxing anyway , right ? flatbreads and bruschettas are really good ... interesting combinations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent place , friendly staff , but poor wine list . i asked the staff about the list and was told the owners only want to carry wines that nobody else does . my guess is that they want to carry wines that you are not familiar with so you do n't know how badly you are getting ripped off . i had a $ 10 glass of a $ 11 bottle of wine ( retail ) . it was ok , and i expect high prices at a bar but i at least want a decent glass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we love this place ! such an awesome atmosphere . great music , great food and great wine - what more do you need ? we also joined the wine club . definitely recommend it . great wines from wineries all over the world that you would never find and they are paired with delicious appetizers . it 's a great way to meet new people . everyone is so friendly and the owner zoya is so nice and really tries to get to know everyone . you should definitely check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on friday night . had to hunt down a waitress for service even thought the place was almost empty for a friday night . food was ok not the best i would not return for the food . i would return if they had better live entertainment in the back patio for drinks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "voices for casa children held our december meeting and board appreciation at mwc for the second consecutive year . zoya is very personable and helpful with menu and wine selections . the brushettas and charcuterie she recommended were amazing . the flatbreads were outstanding and yes , the roasted brussels sprouts are a must try ! we selected a variety of wines and each one was lovely . there is a classic and comfortable atmosphere at mwc . i am also an ahwatukee foothills resident and i am pleased to have mwc in our neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unique food offerings with great beverage selection , the patio is a great spot for adults to enjoy themselves !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for happy hour with my mom and sister . was greeted by the humans right campaign sticker on the front door which immediately put a smile on my face . we stuck to ordering a lot of drinks and appetizers that were on happy hour menu . they had a free appetizer for checking in which you ca n't argue with either . lots of drinks to order from . appetizers were amazing , service was great , always came back to check if we wanted more drinks or food . the only reason i docked one star was because the server assumed that my sister was my mom and that my mom was my grandma . it 's a common mistake to make , but something no one should ever assume . overall , i definitely recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great spot ! my hubbie and i popped in this past saturday for a quick snack and drink . we sat at the bar and deena helped us , she is # fabulous ! we ordered the regular fries with house made curry ketchup , delicious ! we also ordered a charcuterie board , which came with bread , house made pickled veggies , and we nailed picking out the best cheeses and meats ( they have a great selection to choose from ) , but the best thing on the board was the house made jalape\u00f1o jam ! ! i literally asked deena for a jar to go ! ! and of course , their wine selection is great , i love trying new chardonnays and they have a full selection . we will be coming back to try more snacks and listen to the live music on the weekends . another great find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small neighborhood restaurant in a strip mall . food and drinks are better than you 'd expect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends and i really enjoyed our time here . i ordered the wine country flat bread and bacon wrapped dates , both were delish . service was very friendly and attentive . the atmosphere was fancy and romantic yet casual at the same time . i 'll definitely go back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! i have not been here in a long time and the hubby and i went with a couple friends . good wine and beer list and dinner was very good . i had the creamy shrimp pasta and it was good , but for the price the portion should have been bigger . the hubby had the burger and it looked delish ! he asked them to substitute jalape\u00f1os for the bourbon mushrooms and the were happy to accommodate . the salmon patties were very good and decent sized . we also ordered a meat and cheese board for am appetizer . we had the prosciutto and the lamb jerky and both were excellent , but again the portion sizes could be bigger . they had a live jazz band playing ( it was saturday night ) and it was nice , not to loud . we were there on a very rainy night and even still the place was busy . very friendly service ... .i can see why this place has been around for so long !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to go to my wine cellar to finish some homework and it was a great experience . i brought my laptop and the staff was more than accommodating . ann , the bartender for the night , was very friendly . overall a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff and great wine selection ! one of my favorite places to relax on any night . live music on friday an saturday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend took me here for a simple girls chat session ... amazing ! have returned many times and have now `` claimed `` this spot as my local wine spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the gems of ahwatukee ! hidden discreetly in an old strip mall , mwc hits you with an unexpected , fresh dose of casual classiness as soon as you enter . comfy couches , nice lighting , great little patio overlooking a golf course , suuuper friendly and attentive staff , and a pretty good happy hour make this place awesome in my book . wine selection exceeds my palate , and they even have an eclectic offering of microbrews for beer drinkers like myself . have n't tried the fare , so no opinion on the food . highly recommended if you find yourself on a date ... great place to enjoy conversation and a glass of fermented grapes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we use to love this place , but the food - value ratio is on the decline . we had the thin crust pizza and it tasted like crackers with red sauce . we enjoy the live music and warm tea on the patio at sunset , but it has changes so much . i am not sure if we will give it another try , very disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "exceptional happy hour food items ( delicious bacons rapped dates and melted goat cheese spread ! ) and generous wait staff . in our time there , the tap blew for a beer we wanted so we got a free beer . also , they mixed up our order and ended up giving us an appetizer on the house . all in all a great place with staff that are focused on making sure you have a good time while there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big fan - perfect for happy hour or even dinner - love the hummus and the salads are great too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here multiple times and the service is always exceptional . the staff is friendly and efficient - definitely recommended for a night out with friends or family to enjoy a glass of wine . down side is the desert menu : which is very slim", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time in and had an amazing experience . happened to be restaurant week and the three course meal was delicious . service was great and fantastic live music on the patio . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm here now , enjoying the maryvale chardonnay on happy hour , which is an amazing wine that they serve in a red wine glass , and you 'll know why when you taste it . i love this place ! the staff is friendly , the food is wonderful , i recommend the crab dip..just a really amazing place , with a beautiful patio right on a golf course and truly a wine-hound 's little paradise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to `` my wine cellar '' a few times now and my opinion has n't changed . it is the total package . a great wine selection and the food is amazing . and then you have the people . shannon the owner , jd the chef , and all the rest of the folks . throw in some fine eclectic live music and you have the perfect atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute place ! great for happy hour with a small group if you 're just walking in or reserve a spot for larger group ! love the atmosphere and the art work . it 's very cozy and comfortable . we got a bottle of wine to share and two of the flat breads- all was so yummy we were fighting over the last piece ! the outside patio was also great with a fire pit and singer and a lot of couches and comfortable chairs . from the outside this place does n't have the best curb appeal , but once you go inside you will be pleasantly surprised ! our server was very knowledgeable on all the wines we asked about and a lot of fun and attentive !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here and i had a group of three people with me on the patio . the wine and board were fine but when we tried to pay with our groupon i was stunned..i have n't seen this much racism against an asian-american since world war ii . the manager lady was incredibly rude to me . i would never go here ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love it ! great date night place . wine , cheese , and meats , how can you go wrong ? love gluten-free options . the live music was great too ! i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool spot we randomly found on yelp . the wife got a salad , which she modified and thought it was pretty good . i had one of the flatbread pizzas which was awesome . of course they have a huge wine selection , of which neither my wife or i indulged in . they also have some good craft draft beers which i did enjoy . overall , cool place with some solid food choices . skip the chain restaurants and go here instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to catch up with girlfriends and enjoy a bottle of your favorite wine . i went there last night and sat on the patio , the patio sits right on a golf course , but i would n't say the view is impressive . my friends and i shared a great bottle of reasonably priced malbec ( $ 30 ) as well as bruchetta . their bruchetta comes in orders of 4 , 6 or 8 and you can mix and match different types . we went for the olive one , sun-dried tomato and traditional . the bruchetta was great , but next time i would just order the traditional ( tomato 's , mozzarella and basil ) and skip the other types .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here and it was outstanding . great atmosphere and service . the food was delicious . we will come back and also visit there other location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a quaint little place ! minimum indoor seating but truthfully it is a wine store on the inside . the ambience for dining is outdoors as long as the weather permits ! the heat lamps help some , but if its cold , not even the wine can take away the chill ! but they have blankets ! : ) i have not sampled their food menu but the wine choices i had were great ! i sampled all reds i wish i could remember the one wine i tried that had a funny name . oh well ! i will go again and remember what it was from the menu and update this review ! if you want some place different to go , then you will find this place well deserving of a visit ! and make sure you you stop inside to look at the huge wine selection they have ! it is very well organized ! and you will find probably just about anything you are looking for in wine ! if its not there , i 'd be surprised !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time there and it was great . wonderful service and chef sarah baer was rock'n our server brittney suggested a good spanish wine and sparkling sprite on the rocks . but the best part of the dinner was the amazing , teeth rotting s'mores with homemade marshmallow . i do n't care if i have to gum my food for the rest of my life i would eat that homemade marshmallow all day long . thanks for a wonderful evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by last night to hear the band . ordered a glass of fine wine and a burger with no cheese , the burger came with cheese and i sent it back . the waitress apologized and asked me if i wanted another glass of wine and i said yes . 10 minutes later the waitress comes buy and asked me again if i want another glass of wine and i again said yes . 15 minutes later the waitress is cleaning off ever ones table , with no wine , no burger , i called the waitress over and asked for my bill since i have not got served . this place can not handle big crowds and the waitresses never write anything down . it is best not to eat there when a band is playing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . they have such a friendly and welcoming staff . it 's my favorite place for date night , and i love the live music on the weekends . they also have great food , my favorite is be buffalo chicken bites", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and service is always on point whenever i visit . think the best time to visit is the warmer months , so 90 % of the time in az ! ! it has a fun patio with golf course views and a warm environment . i was unable to visit for a few months due to a car accident but every staff member who had met me before remembered me ! ! ! that is saying something . they have a fun fantastic happy hour , wine flights perfect for tasting , and excellent food . it you want your normal silver oak or clos du bois do n't come here . but if you want to try different intesting wine , then yes . mwc is the perfect place for you to chill and unwind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! bruschetta is soo good ! ! ! ! just wish happy hour was longer . = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike ( the owner ) is a super personal guy . i witnessed him turn a disgusting green pool into a sparkly blue gem in 24 hrs . mike is just a straightforward hard worker . he 'll make sure the job gets done and he 's not out to make a ton of money off of you . he 's flexible and honest ! if you 're looking for a pool transformation or just solid weekly maintenance ... call stay fresh !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike did an awesome job servicing and maintaining my pool ! highly recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend stay fresh pool care ! mike is very polite , honest , easy to work with , he responds very quickly , he 's fair in his pricing and he did an awesome job installing our new pool equipment . he worked very patiently with me while i worked through the headache of my home warranty claim and after he was done removing the old and installing the new he explained everything to me and answered all my questions . the pool works really well and looks great ! if you have pool trouble he 's your guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the pho . i noticed that they have $ 3.50 sandwiches so i ordered one too . the sandwich is delicious and good portion size that i did n't expect from a $ 3.50 sandwich . the pho tastes delicious and quality mock meats are used . service is very friendly . cash only so bring cash . overall this is a vegan vietnamese restaurant that is delicious and affordable . i absolutely recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best vegetarian restaurants i 've been to with an authentic vietnamese menu . the food was delicious . a bowl of freshly prepared # 10 . bun hue along with # 25 . crispy fried veggie chicken sticky rice . highly recommended for vegetarians . will definitely return . p.s . the staff is fluent in cantonese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , the food is so good here . the imitation pork is really crispy and very close to what real pork tastes like . the sandwiches are equally as good and are affordable at $ 3.50 each . the lady was quite nice and gave us samples and a free dessert to take home . i would definitely come back as this is one of the best vegetarian vietnamese restaurants that i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific veggie restaurant . a good break from the usual chinese-style vegetarian restaurants . the best veggie pho i 've ever had . the first time i had it , i thought someone had given me real pho and was messing with me . the restaurant is a small unit in the plazas just north of vaughan mills mall ( but still on the same side of rutherford as vaughan mills ) . if you are looking for this place , the entrance of it faces towards hwy400 . the setting is pretty ghetto and you can probably seat all of maybe 15-20 people in here . awful fluorescent lighting , weird yellow walls , buddhist imagery here and there . yeah , no , definitely not a place to take a date . water tea served in styrofoam cups , haha . server speaks basic english ; if you are going to come here and be picky about something or have very specific dietary needs that you have to communicate , i would n't bother . for any brave soul that dares to venture forth , you will be rewarded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best vegetarian restaurant and the best vietnamese in town . very clean . i tried most of dishes in the menu and very satisfied . the best is hu tieu nam vang , pho and banh my .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service today we stopped at jack in the box for a quick lunch , tacos , eggrolls , chicken nuggets , and curly fries . we were greeted as we entered , and our orders were taken promptly . after placing our orders it was challenging finding a clean table , as most of the tables were left dirty . our food was brought to the table quickly , and our items were hot and fresh . my only complaint was , in the chicken nugget meal we were given a tiny piece of chicken that appeared to be a small broken piece and it was actually counted as being a nugget . the staff was polite and courteous . a typical jack in the box by all standards .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they are busy but order right every time . friendly staff . it 's fast food soooo , but service has been great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the new location , before it was on glendale and i thought the service would better but it 's the still same bad service as always . they never get your order right , i know it 's fast food but still every time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i though of jack in the box tonight . while i was in area why not . went to the drive thru got the 4 for 4 deal and an egg roll . i get home . no egg roll and they charge me for it . wow this place like to change you for stuff and not give them to you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "little road trip to montreal was amazing , after our last night there while hanging out with a friend , drivinv around landed us at a downtown mcdonald 's . by far the most disgusting dining room i 've ever been to . cold coffee , fruit and fiber muffin that was as hard as a brick . might be almost as hard as iron man 's body armor . i received a replacement muffin , but got a civics lesson on the coffee being cold because i ordered it with 2 milks . i 'm sure she could n't give an explanation for the bitter taste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse mc donald 's i have ever visited . we ordered just french fries on the automatic order board . they got the orders on that system totally screwed up . we waited over half an hour for just a french fries . totally ridiculous . our number was 414 they were serving according to the board number 220 but it does not go by order how high or low the numbers are . it jumps all over the place . no order or common sense what so ever . we should have ordered in the regular old fashion order line and not on the new boards . my fault . do n't ever have to come back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in the village , right under the pink balls and next to 2 pok\u00e9stops . this mcdo has everything to offer . it 's a tad small but given the location it 's only justified .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "same mcdoonalds as everywhere . cheap prices for non-healthy food but the service was unbelievably slow . not much room where to sit compared to other mcdicks on top of it . the designer literally had no idea on how to take advantage of the room for a maximum of seating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mcdonald 's is mcdonald 's . this location was dead slow despite there being no one waiting for service . cashier purposefully overcharged my friends because they were dunk . horribly rude to do that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quite possibly the most raunchy mcdonald 's on the planet . the staff is slow and the customers are sketchy . avoid when possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little disorganized , but i still got my food pretty fast . it was tasty and although the place was very crowded , it was surprisingly clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mcdonald is really really and let me reiterate really show . the service is worse than what you see in the u.s . there 's a long line and it takes forever to order you food , when you do order..heh have fun waiting . but honestly just by observing this mcdonalds , i 'd say because it 's understaffed . 3 people on the night shift ? ! the manager at this establishment needs to get his head together and hire more people to run this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love leaving a store thinking , they 're soooo nice in there . today i had to go in because my heart rate monitor from there was n't working well . i had gotten it for christmas . the guy said , we do n't have that one anymore , but i can exchange it for the one we have ( which is better and has many more features ) . it only took five minutes and i was on my way with one signature ... ..i love good customer service . they 're having a huge sale by the way until august 28 ... everything was really discounted . i want to go back when i have time to shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hard to beat the price and selection in performance bicycle . although the store is not that large , it has pretty much anything you need . if you are looking for blue and white camo pattern bar tape , you will have to buy online , otherwise , just head to performance bike . great place to go for any questions , to take a bike on a test ride or just check out the shiny new bikes . the employees all seem very knowledgable and super friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "called in to ask about a tune up , price , what they normally do in a tune up , etc . joel did n't want to talk to me on the phone and instead of answering my questions kept telling me to bring the bike in . no thanks . if you customer service is this rude on the phone , i 'm not wasting me time bringing it up there to get the same treatment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a performance bike customer for several years now , and have had the best experience . rusty , matt , and chris are fantastic and assist me every single time i stop in . rusty is very knowledgable and helps point me in the right direction . i recommend this store for its employees and their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had two old giant brand bicycles that i was debating fixing or donating to `` handlebar helpers '' ( a great program run through the city of scottsdale that teaches kids to repair bikes , then they get to take it home -- for free ) the staff was very helpful . i ended up giving the bikes away after being reassured that i was n't donating items that were total junk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed the detailers on my bike adjusted . they took it in and finished it same day for a fair price . also bought some riding gloves while i was there . really great price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were in the market to buy 2 new hybrid bikes . we went in the store about 4 pm on 6 21 . there were no other customers when we arrived . there were two employeess- one on the phone and one behind the counter . we were there for about 10 minutes and were never greeted or waited on . as we were leaving the younger guy said `` have a good day . ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great customer service and a good selection of mid-range bikes in the store make this a great bike shop . compared to other bike shops in the area this one is solid . bought a bike from this guys and before buying they let me ride several bikes on the road behind their shop ( encouraged me to , actually ) . very low pressure sales . they took time to understand what i wanted in a bike ( including price range ) and consistently showed me several bikes that met that criteria . very pleased with the whole experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was shopping for bicycles with my fianc\u00e9 and was very pleased with the service we got from rusty . we 're casual bikers so rusty was happy to answer any questions we had and provided us with valuable information which lead to us buying both our bikes there . they have a great membership plan that will save you money instantly and also provide free in store clinics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knowledge is power , these guys have knowledge . and they can fix your problems , i also think they offer a great mix of bicycle happiness . road , mtn. , fitness , whatever kind of bike you need , they have something . friendly too , and local knowledge of the trails . nice , nice , nice", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very glad to find them . i needed to fix my bike . quick and great service . the team was very nice and friendly . affordable price , do n't hesitate", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9e and i decided to try mountain biking as a new sport hobby last year . as you can imagine it is a bit expensive to start a new endeavor and very intimidating when you are beginners with little knowledge . thanks to the crew at this bike shop we have now become avid cyclists and are continuing to expand our horizons . rusty , branson , jonathan and several others have come to recognize us by name and they offer a plethora of information and experience to guide us as we go . we had visited several bike shops over the last few years `` thinking '' about starting `` someday '' and after our very first time in this location we walked out with one full suspension and one hard tail as well as all gear to accompany . they all are cyclists themselves and really know where to lead you for value and quality ! we just went back in this week and our next step may be road bikes ! i simply ca n't say enough about their customer service ... see ya on the trails", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there to buy an air pump . i found out that every saturday that have a bike ride where they take you on the trail for an hour . i have been wanting to get a bike rack for two bikes . logan was a great help . we found the one that would work . he offered to not only put it on but showed me how to do it . i 'm not an bicyclist just a mom who wants to ride with her daughter on the trails . best customer service ever ! thanks logan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very happy with the service in this shop . i asked them to put on some bike pedals and make a few improvements . a few days later the pedal fell off with the threads in the crank completely stripped . they replaced the crank for free , no questions asked . the staff is friendly and available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to purchase a few accessories for my sons bike and had zero service from their staff . there were three salesmen standing behind the counter and only one other customer in the store . he was being help by the service department , so the other guys had every opportunity to ask me if i needed help . the store was in desperate need of cleaning , but i guess they were too busy for that as well . the only time they spoke to me was when i was leaving and they thanked me for stopping in . seriously ? i should have gone to landis .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never done a yelp review before , but i have to spread the word about these guys . i went to at least 10 stores looking at bikes . at performance i met mitch , joel , and brian . all three are friendly , informative , and passionate about biking . they know their stuff and are willing to share their experience with you to help you make up your own mind . these guys are more passionate about customer service than the actual sale , you can tell by when asking about a specific item , they take the time to explain the differences between all the choices , not just point out the most expensive and recommend it . i told them when i left i was happy i bought my bike from them and i mean it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buyer beware ... this bike shop is a joke ! unless you know exactly what you need and do n't have any questions i say stay away from this place . had to go here 3 times in one day ... i 'll spare the details because it will turn out to be a novel . unless you have a super sick deal of a coupon and are saving a ton of money , go pay more somewhere else because these guys do n't deserve your hard earned $ $ !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "maximum service & buying suggestions from the team on northsight blvd . - rusty , matt , & chris ! ! ! ! ! ! if out of stock item , a search is performed online at performance bicycle to obtain the best selection & price thanks from a satisfied & happy customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kait is an amazing bartender ! she recommended drinks based on our tastes & was very attentive & efficient . recommend this place because of her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bartender kait is such a sweetheart . took care of us for the last 1.5 hours before they were closed . took care that all of us were happy and recommended the best desert . carrot cake is a must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stay at the hilton once a month and always hang out here at the bar . the bartenders , rob and kiara , are the best ! stop in for a drink and chat it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to fairview over 15 years ! since waaay back when little caesars was next door ! ! this place has remained consistant in quality and when i need real fried rice , bbq pork , egg foo young ! ... ... .oooooo ! ! ! foodgasm ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! whewww ... ... ... . or awesome lunch specials i know i can count on them ! the place is older and can use a makeover but none of that matters to me as long as my food is worth my money and my gas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best chinese restaurants i 've been to in las vegas . been going to this restaurant for 16 years and it never gets old . never too busy and great prices for lunch specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good hole in the wall chinese place . the best thing about it are the lunch specials . i pay $ 4.90 including tax for bbq pork fried rice and kung pao chicken and it actually tastes good . ca n't beat that ! ! they have other combinations you can get as well for the same price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sadly , fair view chinese cuisine has gone out of business . too bad because i loved this place . it had the best chinese food i 'd found in this city in the years i 've lived here . i was also pleased that the tasty food was so close to home that i could drive myself there . i generally judge chinese food on their bbq pork fried rice , followed by beef chow mein . both of these items were excellent at fair view . the other items i tried were also excellent . they had an excellent strawberry chicken that i 'd never seen offered at any of the restaurants i 'd tried in the past . i miss them terribly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is really ugly and dirty ... owner waiter looked greasy , food was salty , i should have walked out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my doctor is awesome ! and i would rate this place a solid five stars because of her alone . however i have had mixed service , i feel like there needs to be better communication between the front and back of the office . a little more front office customer service training could n't hurt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thank god for them . my husband need help and we could n't afford to go to the hospital . no insurance . well they took him and their sliding scale has been a godsend . all the staff care about the patients from the front desk to the doctors . they showed us there is hope and help out there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy , yummy , yummy barbecued pork ribs ! i always get the regular ribs - 1 3 slab platter with a baked potato instead of the sides ( which are blah ) . the corn on the cob and corn bread muffin that come with the platter are delicious as well . my husband enjoys the texas beef brisket . so far , i have n't found another bbq restaurant in the valley that 's better ! update : i still really like the bbq here , but we prefer the mesa riverview location as it 's less busy . hmm , i 'm downgrading from a previous 5-star . that was probably a bit crazy anyway . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had some friends coming over to visit on saturday and and the temperature was a little too high outside for a cookout so instead we decided to call in for pick up from famous daves . we purchased the all american bbq feast , which feed 4 adults , and 2 children . in the feast included tasty bbq ribs , chicken , fries , wilbur beans , cornbread muffins , and potato salad . i like famous daves because of their consistency , quality of good bbq . i can count on the food being fresh and delicious . the food was a big hit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to joe 's & bobby q 's but dave 's takes the bbq on this one ! we got dave 's family portions for one of our many tailgating experiences . we tried all of there dishes and the beef brisket was delicious as was the pulled pork . and do n't forget the cornbread muffins . while this is a place you can not go often or you will be the pig ! its worth the calories every now and then ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "famous dave 's serves up the best barbeque in town , without a doubt . the staff are friendly , the ribs are to die for , and the desserts ( if you make it that far ) are simply awesome . the feasts on the clean trashcan lid are good value if you have a large number of people in your party and offer you a sampling of some of the best items on the menu . if in doubt , though , try the st. louis ribs . i 've had them often and have never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "several sauces to choose from . i ordered the baby back ribs . very tender and full of flavor . wish we had one in louisiana .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to this famous dave 's thursday 5 11 17 around 5:15 p.m . it was nice out so we decided to sit on the patio . host seated us at a nice table . tick tock tick tock . we waited at least 10 minutes . no one waited on us . we were the only party on the patio . they must have forgotten about us . we left ! this location is now on my do not return list .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really good food . had the baby back ribs and they were great . smoked to perfection , moist , tender and nice bark . several sauces to choose from , i dump em on the frys . tasty coleslaw good service . i would go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "does n't get better than this , the guys at the chandler mall location do it right , every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so disappointed ... first they have no turkey ? i ordered a beef brisket sandwich but they have no whole wheat buns ? i ordered the green beans and they were tasteless and cold . the sandwich was good . the ice tea was terrible and came out of a machine for gods sake ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "famous daves satisfies that question when you have no idea what you want for dinner . just remember that . i 'm sorry ... i love the barbecue but i go there for two things ... the sweetwater catfish ... and the bread pudding . enough said ! ! ! the only bad thing is parking . if you ca n't get their early ... make sure you wore comfortable shoes . other than that ... ca n't be a helpin ' of dave 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hold on to your spare ribs because there is major competition for delicious bbq in the chandler ahwatukee region . famous dave 's is one of three different chains which i rate quite highly around here . great meat , great sauces , and great sides . so what 's the difference ? famous dave 's is more of a sit-down place than most of the other options , which offer more of a cafeteria-style situation . this has its benefits , as the service is good , and the atmosphere is a step up , but you 'll pay slightly more than you might at rudy 's or another bbq joint . still - 4 stars , and this is a great place to come for lunch specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came across this place during my lunch time and decided to give it a try . i 've only tried one other bbq place in arizona which is bobby q so i was excited to try a new place . my husband and i were greeted and given menus . jim , our waiter came and asked if this was our first time and yes it was . he was enthusiastic to show us all sorts of different sauces they have for us to try . there was a lunch special where you choose 2 meat and 1 side for just $ 9.99 . how can you beat that ? my husband tried their st. louie ribs and cod . i tried their roasted chicken and beef brisket . i would say i like all of the meat besides beef brisket . their famous fries were ok ( not fried enough for me ) . overall i really liked the environment and the cheap meals ! definitely worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , i 'm not from the south , i 'm not a bbq connoisseur but i 've eaten enough good bbq to know what a beef brisket sandwich is supposed to taste like . what i had at famous dave 's earlier this afternoon was not bbq . it was thawed meat that tasted like little league hot dogs and with absolutely no bbq sauce . honestly , the best part of my meal was the bread . yeah , that 's what i came for ... the bread . do yourself a favor and skip famous dave 's . skip the crap chain restaurants are dishing out and go for a mom and pop bbq place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came late for lunch . we had some beers and after some time the waiter came and told us the manager was ordering us to check put because our rate of alcohol per person was above the law ... we we like ... . what ? ? ? ? ? ? then we nailes was saturday and close to dinner time so they wanted to take us out . we were very loyal clients and we clearly indicated we would never return , very sad for this nice place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place ! amazing food , awesome , fast and friendly service ! they were so good even tho we came an hour before closing . definitely the best : ) : ) we ordered the feast for two and it was way more than enough , and we have healthy appetites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "personally , i think this is the best bbq in the valley . unfortunately , they lost a star because the service is very hit and miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a quality bbq spot . it is tough for me to give 5 stars ( especially since its a wide spread chain ) but this has the whole package . -great meats , have n't had one that is not good ( especially the burnt ends , rib tips , ribs and brisket ) -great sides ( fries are awesome , cornbread is great , beans and green beans are tasty ) -yummy bbq sauces ( devil spit is the best , georgia mustard is also a must ) and a wide variety of them . i buy them in the store as well . -decent pricing , especially if you share a feast kind of a outdoor picnic feel but do n't have to share table with a bunch of other people , it more the traditional waiter type restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ultimate burger , , , enough said ! best lunch location in the area , hands down best burger with this style , , , yes , their other food is great also , i just like the burger that much more , , , filling great price ... the goto decision while there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has some of the best bbq especially for a chain . i particularly love their st.louis ribs and the brisket . although , i will admit the brisket is hit or miss and some days can be a little dry . they offer complimentary home cooked potato chips while your order arrives which is great since i 'm always starving lol . i usually go for lunch . they have a great lunch special that include two meats , a side , and cornbread for 9.95 . ca n't beat that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far my favorite bbq place , the mac & cheese is also amazing here ca n't miss out on that . if you have a bigger party the all american feast is the way to go , $ 65 and it feeds 4-6 people . i had a party of 12 i ordered 2 of the feast & still had left overs ! great service for the employees there as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hit famous dave 's last night with the wife , a couple of the daughters , and a couple of their friends . even though we had a variety of people who would eat this , but not that . everyone was able to find something they found interesting . famous dave 's , especially for a large chain , is always solid . the baby backs were a little scrawny but well smoked . the brisket was similarly cut from a slab a bit smaller than i would use to smoke myself , but again tender and flavorful . even the smoked chicken salad and cedar plank salmon was well done . true there is better bbq in town ( bootleggers , black mountain ) , but famous dave 's may be the best large bbq chain in the country . well worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always love eating here . the food is great . my favorite items have to be the fried catfish and rib tips . the bbq sauces are delicious and go well with all of the meats . the mac and cheese and salmon are also very good . the atmosphere is good , and the staff is friendly and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always enjoy the all american platter . sib , chicken , brisket , corn , cornbread and 2 sides ! mmmm , texas pit bbq sauce !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hated bbq my entire life ( its un-american , i know ) . seriously though . could n't stand the taste of burnt ketchup . my birthday had come around and my genius boyfriend of 3 years opts to take me out to famous daves ( and i thought he would be wasting his time and money ) . i gave the bbq pork `` 1 last go '' before i gave up on bbq forever , and unbinoxed to me i loved it ! ! now i 'm `` bbq addicted '' . we have gone at least 5x the last couple of months . they 're so darn good i changed my life-long mind . how bout that ? p :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , friendly service & good food . we always have a good experience here . they have happy hour & will send periodic coupons if you sign up for their email club . they have expanded their menu in the last few years with more chicken & fish options as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "famous daves @ chandler fashion center has never failed to satisfy me . tonight 's brisket was excellent , as always . in all my travels and efforts to find good brisket , dave 's always provides excellent food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ribs should n't be this good at a chain restaurant , but i keep eating them ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth breaking the diet for . fub place , clean and nice staff . i used to think you had to to get bbq from a hole in the wall `` joint '' but dave changed that", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food , please tell your truck driver to not plug up the fast lane on on the 101 . nothing bad about the food just inconsiderate driver getting passed in the fast lane .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "generally it is good , but it could be better . we came quite early and it was not packed yet . the service worths 5 star , welcome and friendly , offering free fries and introducing different tastes of sauce to us . we liked the devils ' one best as it is a bit of spicy . we ordered the brisket with mac ron cheese and sweet corns , rib tips with mash potato and pineapple . the portion was quite generous , n they offered a muffin for each meal . both the brisket n ribs were quite flavorful especially the ribs , grilling with several spices . however , i wish both can be tenderer , it was a bit dry for now , hard to chew , not as juicy n tender as what rudy 's bbq .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really love this location mainly because the staff , especially samantha , are super friendly . they 're also super accommodating and handle problems professionally and efficiently . i expect great tanning , but sometimes it 's hit or miss on staff - not here ! i 've only had to wait maybe one time for a bed i wanted and the place is kept spotless . the beds are all in perfect working order and the bulbs appear to be changed regularly . the only negative is when the mystic tan is out , which is was for a week or so . that was a pain , but they do have another location down the street so it was n't that bad . all in all , i love this place , it 's one of the best places i 've found in vegas to tan . i highly recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "right next to my gym , clean and reasonable pricing . spray tan can be great when done well and a nightmare if done wrong . i always get an even dark tan here . i never turn orange . the tanning solutions do n't feel all sticky or smell nasty . i get a perfect tan here always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time i 've come and and my bed was n't clean . there was left over tanning lotion all over from the person before me ! ! under the glass was dead bugs , dust and hair.. disgusting ! the girls that work here are rude and half the time are hanging out with people in the lobby . there are literally only 2 pleasant people working here . i like palm beach tan , but stay away from this location !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not my favorite location in town ( i love the rainbow location ) , but it 's the closest to my house . all the same , it 's very reasonably priced , the staff is friendly , the beds are clean and well kept , and i have yet to wait for a bed . the downfall is they only have one 12-minute level 2 bed , and i do n't care much for the 15 minute ones . i 'm just really , extremely biased toward the rainbow location . regardless , way better than the one on trop in summerlin - that one sucks !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the worst customer service ever , called ahead of time to ask about price match and first women i spoke to was extremely pleasant even took the time to call me back and to tell me to come in as she checked with her manager by phone and they would definitely honor . well i get there and what seemed to be a young woman who hates her job could n't be any ruder or snobbier if she tried . she looked at my add on my phone for price match , called the other tanning salon to confirm as if i was lying and then said no she is not honoring because the add was online ? ? ? ? is n't everything nowadays ? i specifically told her that i had just called and was told different and she said well i do n't know who you talked to but i 'm not honoring it ! it 's funny how the friendliness disappears when there not making extra money this around ! never again ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am so disappointed and hurt by comments made to me at this location by an employee ... you do n't tell someone that they 're going to get wrinkles and age prematurely because they forgot their lotion one time ... she was upset because i would n't buy a $ 10 pack of lotion for that day and told me i should just go home and not tan but i drove 20 minutes to get there and i had to be on the road that day to drive to california . very offensive and rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here ... . i do n't know why it has bad reviews . i had a great experience . monica was sweet , very informative and made me feel comfortable . she was very knowledgeable of all the beds and all the products . i signed up for their monthly membership and got a great deal ! i 'm very pleased ; - }", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from out of state and my membership did n't match up with what i have ... . desiree ( sorry if i spelled that wrong ) hooked me up and got me into an upgraded bed . bed was clean and service was great ! only thing i will note is that this location opens at 9am and not 8am . will definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "current time 9:49am , i 'm wondering why is n't open yet and there is nobody inside or any message at the window . i guess i drove here for nothing . very disappointed at this moment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first time getting a spray tan and katie was so helpful in explaining everything to me . she helped me pick the right color and was so nice . clean facility and modern equipment . 100 % recommend this place and i will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do n't even deserve a star . had a membership for over 7 yrs . cancelled it cuse their $ 7 hold and constant asking to upgrade blah blah , was annoying . went back and bought 2 sprays . and ... apparently they expire . would 've been good to know when i purchased their overpriced `` pkg '' . girl working there said there 's nothing she can do . the person sold it should 've said something . way to put it on someone else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been so frustrated with this place . i signed up last year and this is my second year . the service here is good . my issue is that i pay a decent amount of money to include the mystic tan into my package , and it is broke all the time when i go . if it 's not broke then they are out of the spray ? ! ? they always offer the versa tan , but i really do n't like the versa . my advise to you if you are planning on going here , skip it if you are going for mystic only .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just went here first time today , have idea why it has bad reviews . i went with my husband and we both had a great experience . the front desk girl was was super cute and nice , very informative about everything we had to ask her . the prices were reasonable , they had a lot of packages to choose from and a lot of different beds . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very unhappy with the service i received at this tanning salon . i am usually a bodyheat tanning person but palm beach was offering some specials so i decided to try them and it was a bad idea . if i pay for my services i do n't expect an expiration date on them and then not be told about it until i come in after they have expired . absolute ludicrous and the regional manager was not polite either and did not return my email . back to bodyheat which is less expensive as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first tanning salon i 've been to where i did n't feel like i had inconvenienced the staff just by walking in the door . erika g. was especially helpful , but everyone was friendly , it was very clean and the machines were n't broken ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pam just to let you know i have pics of my back all broke out . just to let you know that left my back scared . give me your email address and i will send you the pics of my back 2 days after tanning for the first time at that palm beach . also that part of my back itches all the time . dale", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love going to my tanning salon always greeted with a smile employees are super helpful thanks for having such a great staff ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the workers are very nice . i feel bad for them because something is always broken and the computer often messes up . they try to keep you happy , but they can only do so much . i signed up for unlimited monthly spray tans because i like the versa machine and they are close by . they seem a little cleaner than other places so i forgave their early close time . my last three visits the versa has been broken ... i do not like the mystic , but it is what i have had to use because it is the only spray tan machine available . very upsetting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staff is uneducated about their beds . i was burnt extremely bad after being told to upgrade before my vacation . they often leave you at front desk waiting for more than 5 minutes . few times bed was not clean before entering . canceling before my first month is up . used to tan at body heat . paid the same . i will be going back ! much better service , cleaner environment and the beds are better quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "2 stars only because they had done a satisfactory job for me last year . this time they said they would call me back with an estimate for a job and never did . i called back a couple of days later and the same woman said she 'd get back to me as soon as her estimator got off the phone with another client . never did ! ca n't see how they would be so busy if they do n't return calls from potential clients . i wo n't call them again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in this morning to get some addresses printed on forty-one envelopes and they wanted to charge me $ 67 ! ! ! my mind is blown . not to mention , not even so much as a `` good morning '' or a smile when i walked in the door . shame on this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wo n't be back . really bad customer service . i tried contacting the manager for a resolution and he basically said no . they ruined an item i brought to them and then they refused to replace it . this would be fine if i had agreed to that but i did not . the employee at the desk basically handed my ruined item back to me and said `` sorry '' . that was it . i am not impressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "danny and the others here @ alphagraphics were awesome ! we were up against a ridiculous time crunch and needed posters , flyers , line cards etc printed and they rose to the challenge and exceeded our expectations ! everything turned out perfect and we will definitely use them again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is based solely on the food prep procedures . went on a wednesday afternoon and got a falafel to go . the guy rang me up ( touching my money ) with gloves on then proceedes to make my food with the same gloves . i was freaked out about this but threw caution to the wind and ate it anyway . needless to say 2 days later i am still not feeling right and it sucks . ironic thing is that they have a huge bottle of purel on the counter and a `` no bare hands '' sign hanging on the wall right behind the register ! what point are the gloves if you handle filhy money and then touch peoples food ? ! ! watch out folks ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! kafta and fast ! this is one of my new favorite mediterranean spots to grab a bite . no , it is not the most inviting place to sit and eat seeing as its in the marcs plaza , but if you decide to it will be amazing people watching . i did not know this spot existed until i walked into it the other day , pleasant surprise . i ordered the kafta and it ended up tasting just like the kafta back in the day that my brother from another mother mother 's made.. ? yeah , thats right . anyways , they have all of your basic foods to go and quick . it was under 6 $ , so was the hummus and tabbouleh . san pellegreno 's for 1.50 $ also , ill be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in on a whim to try out this new business . small place but they use the space effectively . the menu offers greek favorites ( gyros , hummus , shawarma ) as well as american food ( philly cheese steak , buffalo chicken , cheeseburgers ) . got a gyro , had my choice of naan bread , pita flat bread , there were a couple other options ( ca n't remember ! ) . there were also various sauces to get including garlic sauce , cucumber , hot and others . gyro was big , delicious and quick . i hope this place sticks around because it was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no where near as scary as midnight express , the 70 's film ( with amazing giorgio moroder soundtrack ) that details the horrible ordeal of an american accused of dope smuggling and sentenced to a turkish prison . honestly , the marc 's ten feet away is a more fair representation of a turkish prison . and you could n't order wings in midnight express . yeah , i ordered wings . not a huge fan of this ethnic food , but wife loves aladdin ( grounds for divorce ) . i liked that i could order a beef shawarma ( something i 've never tried till today ) and a disgustingly american dish like wings . i definitely never want to go full middle eastern . i want a hint of it with something else to satisfy my stupid ohio palate . wings were great , shawarma was very exotic tasting . hints of cardamom and cinnamon . she had falafel . order was cheap , quick and did not require me killing handfuls of turkish prison guards to acquire . a welcome addition to the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you guys . you guys . falafel xpress decided not to utilize the e at the beginning of the word express , but i 'm asking you to forgive them for this crime against spelling . the food prepared at falafel xpress is really delicious . it is prepared quickly , and most of the menu items are between $ 6 and $ 10 . it 's freshly made , flavorful and fast . i 'm currently obsessed with the kafta rice bowl . three perfect little lamb and beef patties served on a bed of yellow rice with veggies with glorious tahini sauce and fresh parsley . you can order it according to how spicy hot you want it . comes with warm and pillow-y naan . there 's something for everyone as they have `` new world '' and `` old world '' items on the menu . you can get chicken wings , mozzarella sticks , reuben , etc. , or hummus and shawarma , etc . they also offer vegetarian and vegan options . i think you 'll njoy it ! ( get it ? ugh . i know . ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to check this place out because i love falafel and hummus . i had the falafel sandwich and it was really good ! the set up is similar to chipotle so you are in and out fast ! i also ordered a side of their hummus and pita and it was delicious . they have a huge menu and i ca n't wait to come back and try something else . they also had a very friendly staff . great spot if you 're on the go and want a yummy treat : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lakewood residents now have a place to grab quick mediterranean meals in marc 's plaza . there has not been a place to do so since la pita express closed their doors . i have had a few of the wraps here and they are all pretty good . a side can be added to each wrap for an additonal charge . the tabouli was zesty and served atop leaves of lettuce . i saw a young couple holding hands and skipping into chipotle next door . i thought about how they wo n't be jolly tomorrow . you eat at chipotle , you face a day or reckoning . save yourself the sodium intake and bodily abuse inflicted by a chipotle burrito and come next door to falafel xpress . when you eat falafel , you never feel awful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "passed this place a few times and it was always empty so i was a little scared to give it a shot . one day when i was really craving chipotle i parked and the line was out the door so i decided to give falafel xpress a shot and i 'm glad i did salads are good , chicken shawarma is good , and the buffalo chicken sandwich is the best i 've ever had . ( note : not the best drink selection )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to try this one evening purely based on the high yelp rankings . 4.5 stars does n't cover it . 5 stars all the way . i intentionally waited until after my third visit to leave a review . all three times have been exceptionally good . my family orders many different things on the menu and they are all happy . i have been getting the falafel sandwhich and tabouli . i am not sure what 's different about their tabouli from other places but it 's superb . i would highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me preface this by saying i eat a lot , and i mean a lot of hummous and falafel . this has to be one of the best joints for a quick bite of falafel i have ever been to . it 's up there with frank 's falafel house for sure . i 've been there twice now , and i plan to go back again . the hummous has a great tang to it and they include some chickpeas on top of it which was a classy touch . i ordered the falafel sandwich and it was delicious . perfectly spiced falafel , some nice hot sauce ( although , and this is not to discredit this fine establishment , no hot sauce can top aladdin 's ) , all wrapped up in a delicious pita . i sincerely wish someone would bring this concept to tremont , a quick , open relatively late , falafel shop . ( i know dervish grill is here but i dislike it ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so delicious ! this is a go to place for a quick and yummy meal . i stick to the basics- chicken gyro and the falafel sandwich . definitely go spicy on the falafel sandwich- so worth it . i also sometimes asked for tzatziki sauce on it as well . chicken gyro is super delicious and the perfect amount of chicken , sauce , tomatoes and lettuce . i 've never been disappointed here and wish i still lived close .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great new little carryout spot for mediterranean lebanese food . excellent falafel , shish tawook , shawarma . the gyro and grape leaves are my favorites so far and everything comes at a great price . my wife and i can eat well on a weeknight for $ 20 or less . nice people and i wish them the best . if they keep the food at this quality and the prices this affordable , they will have no problem developing a loyal following . count me in !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "driven past this place a millions times . took the pointer from steve and pw . and leaving more than satisfied . got the kafta wrap with rice . and it was delicious . and they are cleaning the tables immediately after people leave . very clean place here and the food is great . do n't go next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good . nothing fancy . the falafel is the best around and they get an extra star for being open a half hour later than most places . i usually get one of the chicken shawarma dishes- either with salad + rice or hummus and fries . friendly service , i 'm assuming it 's owner operated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had seen this place many times when in lakewood but i never stopped as i had usually just eaten dinner elsewhere . today i was in the area for lunch and decided to stop . glad i did ! food was excellent and all of the staff was very friendly . the spicy sauce for their falafel ? sooo good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing amazing food ! cheap , clean and the sauces are superb ! ! ample parking available ! very friendly people ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bravo . you guys nailed it . great location , excellent food and super killer-kool folks . we had one chicken gyro with fries and one chicken shawarma . the sauces in the sandwiches were tasty . then to top it off we ordered one piece of baklava and got a second one on the house . very tasty , not too sweet , just right . under $ 15 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok . the chicken gyro was good it was made super fast . no prices on the drinks . it was a little weird to see fried american food on the menu . and i 'm pretty sure the stuffed grape leaves come from a can .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "falafel xpress was yummy ! i ordered the falafel salad . 3 falafels on top of their fatoush salad . the dressing was n't too heavy & the vegetables were fresh ! das mann ordered a reuben ( i found this hilarious as we were in a falafel place ) and he was pleasantly surprised ! the sandwich was big , enough to split if you ordered a side . you order at the counter & the staff brings the food to your table . the one thing i do n't like about fx is that all the drinks are bottled . if you want water , you have to purchase bottled water . there is a $ 5 min on credit card so be prepared . the place was clean with a few tables . eat in or take your food to-go . i will go back , i enjoyed it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . they are always very polite and the spicy chicken shwarma is delicious . i also enjoy the hummus . i 'm so glad they opened here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had carryout from this restaurant three times since moving to the city , and we have enjoyed everything we have tried so far . i love that the menu is clearly labeled with vegetarian and vegan items so i know exactly what to order - the falafel rice bowl is my current favorite . i usually amp it up at home with a little hummus and extra lettuce . delicious . my husband likes the beef shwarma . it has been busy each time we have called in an order , and it is great to see them doing so well . the people that work there are all really friendly . i will admit that i was a little hesitant to eat here because of the name and signage , but it is a great little gem in lakewood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and have n't had a chance to write a review . it has to be one of my favorite places to eat authentic middle eastern food . the food is fresh , affordable and served with a smile . i usually get a gyro with extra sauce and french fries . the gyro is huge , and the fries actually come from real potatoes . this is defiantly a must if your in lakewood . amanda behind the counter is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can tell this is going to be a regular stop . the chicken shawarma sandwich was so yummy , and the tabbouleh was so fresh and green ! super fresh , super good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kid you not , best falafel i 've ever had . i dont know what spiced they are using but it is working ! we dined in and when the guy working realized he 'd forgotten our grape leaves , he gave us two orders of them to make up for the mistake ! i hope this place stays around !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband stopped in on his way home from work for friday night takeout . based on the good reviews from yelp , we wanted to try this place . i ordered the gyro rice bowl with gyro meat . it was delicious . my husband got the shawarma wrap and rice bowl . my daughter had the children 's cheeseburger and fries . my husband said they cooked everything from scratch . he did n't mind waiting 25 minutes because it was good quality food . we will definitely come back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want the best gyro meat in cleveland come here . i want so bad to try other stuff because im sure its just as good but i cant turn down getting it when im here . the hummus , kibbeh , fattoush salad , and tzatziki is absolutely amazing . if you havent tried eating at falafel express i highly suggest you do . not only is the food amazing but so is the staff . extremely friendly to everyone that comes in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good and quick if you 're hungry and do n't want to wait . portions are n't giant but are quality . service is earnest and kind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure if the worker had a bad day but my entire order was lousy . i 'm sorry but this review is a must to warn true falafel lovers . my sandwich had nothing but some pathetic falafel and lettuce rolled in some chewy bread . i know real falafel as i am middle eastern . the `` platter '' was way over priced . it was fair chicken ( not shawarma ) and salty baba ganoush . fries were ok i guess . back to the chicken..when u label anything as `` shawarma '' it has to be cooked vertically . i was given typical grilled chicken . my order was messed up a little but i would n't have cared if the man making my meal was n't so careless . he was too busy yelling at a friend customer . never going back and i feel bad because the female cashier was really nice . oh well . i know u guys can improve but i think i 'm finished for good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such a great selection of food . fast , affordable and delicious ! staff is courteous and is willing to make whatever you wish . ordered the gyro and was left feeling ultimately satisfied . great flavor , tziki sauce really added a cool flavor to the gyro . everything is made fresh right in front of you ! will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and amazing hummus . the falafel rice bowl is so good and their hot sauce is perfect . would choose this place over aladdins any day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here tonight . i came because of the vg reviews . so i ordered a falafel sandwich for takeout as a trial ; i mean , if they do n't get falafel right , and it 's a lebanese mediterranean place , what can they do ? but they did and they did right . the falafel sandwich was nice , spicy ( per my request ) and flavorful , not salty . i will return and highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here at least a dozen times . the chicken shawarma sandwich is to die for . the hummus is better than aladdin 's . taboule is very good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on our fourth visit to fx we tried beef shawarma and it was wonderful ! juicy tender and perfectly spiced . we are still in love with the food here ! gryos still as tasty as ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best place here for fast food everything and anything you order taste delicious and the price is good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gem ! great food , great service ... . great in general ! good price , and people are very personal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . from the enthusiastic greeting i get every time i walk in to the phenomenal food , i ca n't get enough . the cashier is too sweet ! always friendly and ready to chat while your food is cooking . the guys on grill are always ready to whip up deliciously fresh chicken shwarma and toss you some extra pickled veggies with your hummus if you ask nicely . it 's so fantastic to have an `` open late '' local take-out option in town . m-f they close at 10:30p ! i am consistently impressed by the falafel . my fave is the fattoush salad topped with grilled chicken . you probably do n't need the extra garlic sauce but it 's come in handy when grilling chicken at home : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always on point and the staff is so friendly . best shawarma ever and the hummus ... yumm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a very loyal customer of this place for a while now , but i am taking a break . several times now , i got home with my food and found something key was missing : french fries , pita chips , cheese on the salad , salad dressing . i complained once and was told they would make it right the next time , but they have messed up so many times , i would have to complain on every visit . i do n't get it . if you know you have a loyal customer , why not make sure you get their order right every time and make them happy ? lots of lakewood businesses have left soon after opening for that sort of thing . i will take a break and hope they iron out whatever problems they are having . they still have some of the best-tasting and priced fast food in lakewood .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best sandwich place in lakewood . must try buffalo chicken . does n't get any better than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really excited to see a greek place open up to compete with aladdin 's in the downtown lakewood area . tried this place out for lunch and had the lamb gyro with grape leaves on the side . this place is a fairly typical gyro greek quick service restaurant , but actually does give out quick and friendly service . the gyro was tasty , although i wish the toppings were on display better so that i could actually see everything available . i also felt if the onions were not going to be sauteed , then the red variety would have gone better . but overall , good lunch spot and i also appreciated the fact that the menu offered philly steak sandwiches as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "falafel xpress is a great place to stop in for some healthy and delicious lebanese middle eastern cuisine . they also have a variety of popularly available american sandwiches as well ( someone excitedly ordered their famous roast beef while i was at the restaurant ) . all the food is made fresh , right in front of you . the rice pilaf was great ! the hummus was fresh and so good it made me want to cry ! they had a great variety of non alcoholic beverages and it was definitely a family friendly place . the server was really nice , efficient , and personable and the baklava is amazing ! i will definitely be popping in for more falafel xpress !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food ! true authentic taste ! ! quick service too if you 're looking for a fast bit to eat ! the staff is also very friendly . personally , i think it is better than aladdin 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . amazing vegan options and the hummus is so delicious ( and i 've tried a lot of hummus in my day ) . they are fast and reasonably priced . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do love this place . why go to chipotle with this next door ? the service is excellent , the food is excellent and prepared quickly ! also , great garlic mayo for french fry dippin ' ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i just moved to cleveland and wanted to try middle eastern food . found this place to have 4.5 rating on yelp and decided to give it a go . the delivery was really quick . the shawarma chicken rice was excellent . they served it with white sauce . we also had the shawarma grill which was chicken served with bread , fries and hummus . the fries were really crispy and the hummus was also excellent . overall a restaurant worthy of money and time . we will definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! we get the gyro sandwiches two at a time so we can munch on leftovers later in the day . their cucumber sauce is amazing & refreshing . they use fresh ingredients which is something you do n't see to often . the chicken swarma is so flavorful . unlike some mozzarella sticks that can be greasy & not stringy with cheese , falafel xpress makes their mozzarella sticks crunchy and so cheesy ! the breading is really delicious & gives you a tasty mouthful . even their new world sandwiches are always delightful . you can tell they take great care when it comes to making the food . i do n't enjoy hummus , but falafel xpress makes me a hummus believer . the staff is great , amanda always knows who i am when i call & is always very friendly . darryl makes a terrific sandwich & always loads up the sandwiches ! lakewood is lucky to have this falafel place & i am lucky it 's so close to home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i never noticed this place before . i asked one of the employees how long they have been there and she said 2 years . i 'm sorry that i have n't noticed it until now . i ordered a falafel wrap and hummus and it was the best falafel wrap i have had in a long time . the hummus is light and creamy but could use a touch more lemon juice . prices are reasonable and staff very nice . i will be passing chipotle and going here more often now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally the best chicken shawarma everrrr ... uhh so yummy and garlicky ! and there gyros are like 5 lbs of goodness ! ! ! love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey now . i thought the take away from this place was great . i took it all the way from lakewood to chagrin falls , and it held up great . the falafel rice bowl was tasty , and i easily made two meals out of it . my mother , with the chicken schwarma rice bowl , made three meals ! pretty good deal i would say for the ~ $ 8 price tag . we also got the baklava large order . i have never been a fan of finger baklava , but overall not bad . definitely not the best i 've ever had though ! not honey-gooey-yet-flakey enough to measure up . i will say the parking sucks . i waited in the car while we picked up just so we would n't have to feed the meter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had lunch here today and it was delicous ! the place is very clean and the gal behind the counter was quick and courteous . i had the chicken shawarma grill and instead of fries i had salad on the side ( there was a bit of an up charge for that ... but it was so good i do n't mind ) . the hummus was fantastic and the salad was clean and refreshing . i loved the garlic sauce - if you do n't really like garlic ... do n't get the sauce , it was seriously heavy on the garlic and so tasty . my husband had the kafta grill and loved his plate as well . the gal behind the counter brought us our food at our table and checked in frequently to see how we were doing ( very nice ) and to make things even better ... .she brought us a little desert on the house ! we will definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i went in here was because chipotles line was out the door . best decision i ever made . lots of variety in the menu . cheap . and the food is phenomenal . the people are nice and laid back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "philly cheesesteak and chicken shawarma were delicious . made in a timely manner . my wife and i come here all the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "until recently , aladdin 's shishtawook roll was number one on my lebanese chain list . until i had falafel xpress 's chicken shawarma . holy moly , this stuff is good . the garlic sauce is great . the portion is , like , twice the size for a comparable price at aladdin 's . get it spicy , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love the food at falafel xpress . it 's so good . we have especially enjoyed their old world wraps , kibble , hummus , salads ( fattoush and lentil ) , and rice plates . it 's all great ! all of the food is nice spiced , often with some cinnamon flavor , yum . highly recommend ! this place is n't really a sit down place although there a few tables inside if you want to eat there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service ! seth was professional and profitient for the job and really responsive ! we loved the whole process and easy communication with his honest opinion on the carpet condition . we were pleasantly surprised by the pricing - really on the undervalued side ! all in all ab amazing experience with the company - will strongly recommend to anyone in the area who needs a good cleaning ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "showed up on time , and stayed late to get the job done right . could n't have asked for anything more and i will not call anyone else to take care of my floors . my two nephews seem to like them even more than i do because they are always trying to splash new business down for these guys . glad i found a reliable company to help because the search seemed endless . finally found someone whose quality surpasses the price . next time i have them out i am going see if they can do anything for my cars interior and floor mats . small company , big results !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coach doris helzle , t\u00fcr\u00f6ffnerin par exzellence ! sobald sie die t\u00fcrklinke bez\u00fcglich meiner frage in die hand nimmt , er\u00f6ffnen sich mir r\u00e4ume ungeahnter m\u00f6glichkeiten , begr\u00fc\u00dft mich augenblicklich mein inneres potential . dieses empfangskomitee scheint nur auf die gekonnte \u00f6ffnung von doris helzle gewartet zu haben .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frau helzle ist schon ein au\u00dfergew\u00f6hnlicher coach . sie ist nicht nur in der lage , die unterschiedlichen techniken zu vermitteln , sie schafft auch einen interessanten und effektiven balanceakt zwischen strenger beurteilung und einf\u00fchlsamer begleitung .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dank frau helzle kann ich viele probleme in meinem alltag besser angehen und pl\u00f6tzlich sind die gar nicht mehr so gro\u00df . sie zeigt mir m\u00f6glichkeiten , wie ich mit situationen anders umgehen kann , und ihre hifestellung kann ich gut in andere situationen \u00fcbertragen . ich h\u00e4tte es nicht f\u00fcr m\u00f6glich gehalten , aber es geht jetzt vieles leichter und ich bin viel entspannter . danke !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich h\u00e4tte nie gedacht , wieviel potential in mir steckt . frau helzle hat mir schon viele entwicklungsanst\u00f6\u00dfe gegeben . sie versteht es situationen ganz schnell zu erfassen und dinge auf den punkt zu bringen . ich kann sie nur empfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich wei\u00df nicht wie , aber es funktioniert . bereits nach wenigen sitzungen mit frau helzle verbessern sich meine kommunikation und die effizienz meiner arbeit . obwohl ich mehr schaffe , bin ich entspannter , wirke auf kollegen nat\u00fcrlicher und bin mit mir selbst viel zufriedener . mein verhaltensrepertoire erweitert sich und erlaubt mir dadurch , mich auf meine positiven eigenschaften zu konzentrieren . beide daumen hoch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe this place is here . i finally found time to try it tonight , and it 's nothing short of a miracle . located in an unassuming location in a strip mall along route 30 , i sort of figured i would end up getting indonesian-influenced chinese cuisine . instead , i found the real deal . i 've only tried a few of the things on the menu - the salted fish rice , with bits of preserved fish - was pleasantly spicy , and the curried collard greens were awesome . but i 'm planning on going back to try the rest of the menu as soon as i can . it 's rare to see a family-owned restaurant in this particular neighborhood , so i hope kusuka finds some of the respect and regular customers that they deserve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my rate for this restaurant is 8 out of 10 . i ordered gudeg , empal , ayam kalasan , and ketoprak . overall need some `` kick '' for the taste , but close enough to fulfill my hometown food cravings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . great service . came here with a group and ordered a wide variety of dished . every single one of them was absolutely great . zero atmosphere , and no alcohol allowed , but food is genuine and great which totally offsets that . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience first time eating indonesian . no alcohol permitted . we were the only ones there and apparently a move closer to pgh is likely . enjoyed the shrimp and tofu curry and the lamb skewers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the curry chicken , pendang beef , and chicken pan fried noodles . we expected the curry chicken to be the spiciest but the noodles and beef turned out to be spicier . all were very good . the staff is extremely friendly - so friendly , they have us complimentary meatball soups for our kids because they worried the dishes were too spicy for them . i recommend this for a nice change of pace from standard chinese food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was good , portion sizes where good not too much not to little . the jasmine long grain rice with crispy onions on top was amazing . my favorite food we had today where the veggie spring rolls ! green bubble tea is great . i tried the jack fruit and curry it was very good and spiced just right . great experience over all we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time this weekend . i ordered to go , but i can say the owners were very helpful and their service was good . they helped describe some of the menu items , which was nice since i have 2 small children and did n't want to order anything too spicy for them , and i do n't serve them chicken tenders and mac n cheese every meal . one of their favorite types of food is thai . the food was very good and the prices were reasonable . only complaint i had was that one of the chicken dishes was very bland . i ca n't remember name of dish , but it was basically just chicken in coconut milk , not very flavorful . everything else was really good . i hope this place does well . north huntingdon needs places like this . i always prefer small , family owned businesses restaurants over mega-chains . two thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first time trying durian ! ! ! omg ! andrew zimmerman is wrong about this fruit . it is fantastic . be sure to tell them how spicy you like the rest of your food . if you do n't , you might get it americanized and that 's a bad thing . the two shrimp dishes we had were very good and the shrimp were not overcooked . the eggplant dish was just ridiculously good . everything my wife and i had was very good right down the peanuts with dried anchovy side dish i had . strange but wonderful rice pudding . hot tea we had was jasmine tea and was very good . the best chinese i 've had in the area is not that much better than the worse . this place is very different . if you are looking for a bit of an adventure in food you must try this little place . be careful , you can drive right by this place and not see it . it 's almost right across from the mitsubishi dealer on rt30 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was great . very friendly people . the food was delicious as well . i loved the chicken skewers as well as the mango smoothie . the location is a little far from downtown pittsburgh but it 's worth the drive . restaurant is very clean . i enjoyed my dining experience there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never go to a thrift store in a hipster neighbourhood . there is too much competition for the good stuff . therefore this value village location should probably be avoided on that basis alone . on the other hand , i have scored here a few times . it helps to go in the middle of the week . there are some good books to be found . their prices are going up too high for my liking . i expect cheap prices from the double v , and they have been letting me down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 49.99 for an ancient `` made in china '' suit that reeks like cigarettes , with moth holes in it ? $ 39.99 for a pair of old , dirty , worn out leather shoes that are n't even name brand ? $ 19.99 for a threadbare cotton bluenotes cardigan from like , 1997 ? $ 12.99 for a walmart brand `` george '' t-shirt that was probably cheaper at retail value ? i have to say , some items are priced way higher than they should be , considering everything here is donated . still gets four stars because you ca n't go wrong shopping on their 50 % off days . and like with all thrift stores , there still are gems to be found ... you just have to look .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the most 'interesting ' , open to interpretation , value village . prices were either dirt cheap , sorals for $ 30 , or ridiculously high , talula blazer for $ 40 and an h & m faux leather jacket for $ 38 ; found myself with a handful of aritzia items for $ 10 each , while my friend found bdg pants for $ 15 . to put it simply , their pricing strategy is mind boggling . this is certainly the most organized vv in toronto , perhaps thrift shop in general . that said , the amount of low brands subpar quality pieces you have to wade through , well , i guess it 's alright ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . totally over-priced . and apparently unaware that you can find cool clothing at winners marshalls for not much more than the nasty 1980s clothing with sweat stains on it that they have over-priced . $ 12 for some moore 's poly cotton dress shirt ? i found 2 pairs of men 's shorts for $ 8 which is alright . but you can also find men 's summer shorts at winner 's for $ 15 , that fit properly and are not stained and stinky . and ... there are no mirrors in the place ! ! ! except at the front dressing room , and there is only one mirror outside the dressing room . totally inconvenient if you are quickly trying on dress shirts over your t-shirt ( or a hat or jacket or whatever else ) . i love me some good second hand shopping , but this place is crap", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i agree with catherine and kevin ... if you like thrifting and the thrill of finding gems among the stones , go check out this value village ! it 's huge but well organized , with men 's and women 's clothes footwear outerwear plus housewares and kids ' stuff . there are some great items great deals to be found if you look wisely through the array of sizes and brands and quality . i recommend going with a short list of `` wants '' to fill out your wardrobe , go with a specific clothing item you already own , or a theme because it 's easy to get overwhelmed . there are changerooms by the cash registers but they are very small , very crowded unless you go on a weekday during work hours , and only allow 6 items . wear something form-fitting on top and bottom and just try stuff on in the aisles with a friend or as a `` first-pass '' so you can just take the good stuff into the changeroom to verify . definitely a place to save on the basics classics and have some fun in the process : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "value village is a great place to score some cheap clothes ( and other garage-sale type junk ) . although about 90 % of their stuff is hideous , if you look around enough , you can stumble onto some great deals : for instance , over the years i 've found gap shorts for $ 5 , and a benetton ( lambswool ! ) sweater for $ 10 . the best deals are to be had during their annual one-day , 50 % -off-everything sale , usually around labour day . i scored a great suit jacket during one such sale for ten bucks ; while i was in line to pay for it , a woman who was behind me with her boyfriend started scolding him for not finding something like that . it 's moments like that that make rummaging through all the ugly polyester crap worthwhile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over the past decade i 've noticed the prices soar at this location unlike any other , and for no apparent reason because it 's certainly not consistent between brand name ( for whatever that is worth ) or quality condition . i still poke through from time to time in case there is a random win , but i return 99 % of finds to the rack . if you 're not patient , do n't bother", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as the other reviews say do not get overwhelmed by this place , even though i say that you ca n't help but get overwhelmed . this place is huge but i have yet to score major gems here . however they do have a good jewelery section where you can find good pieces and also their house aisle are huge . it seems like what they do best here is overprice on clothing and shoes , $ 20 for a used h & m forever 21 dress is not acceptable if you can get it for the same price new . now come halloween , they have major costume sales and selections , that 's a time i would make sure to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a recent rearrangement of displays at this location makes the shopping experience even easier . things are well-organized and the supply of housewares and children '' s clothes keeps me coming back . good place to pick up books and tchotchkes if you 're into that kind of thing . clothing is a real mix and maybe the good stuff is being snatched up by hipsters who can come first thing in the morning - they are there always working their way through the merchandise . the location has recently become very label conscious and is putting some insane prices out there ( no one walks into value village to pay $ 75.00 for a skirt ) . staff are efficient and polite , your kids can come here and misbehave without you feeling embarrassed , friday mornings seem to bring in people who smell of booze and wander the aisles aimlessly . halloween and the 50 % sale are only for the brave of heart .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bought a sweater here for an ugly sweater party . the store is well laid-out and the lighting is bright . it 's clean ( for a thrift store ) and it ; s huge so there 's lots of selection . i was surprised at the amount of hipsters shopping here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this vv for the first time over the weekend ... it is awesome . a lot of people talk about the leslieville one ... its okay ... but this one has a good shoe department and purse department . nice housewares.im from out of town and go to rsale shops where ever i end up and this one is nice ... good jewelry..kind of high but not for what youre getting ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite secondhand clothing stores in toronto . it 's huge & fairly well organized , so it 's a great place to get basics . if you 're thorough & open to it , there are often treasures to be found . whenever i shop here , i always find lots of things i was n't necessarily expecting to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this value village location aug 19th 2013 . i had recently cleaned out my closet and wanted to donate a bunch of clothing and replace what i 've gotten rid of . i could n't have been happier with a thrift store . it 's such a huge location that contains everything you would ever be looking for . i 'm already planing on going back . this as fastly become one of my favorite place to buy clothing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best vv evah ! it 's probably the biggest value village i 've been to , but it 's also one of the most organized . the last time i came here , i walked out with five books , three dishes , two sweaters , a dress , a hat and a big smile ( cheesy , i know ) for the low price of $ 60 . among the books was the origin of species and a book entitled an introduction to communism . wonderful . i also found exactly what i was looking for - some 1920 's accessories for a theme party . the one thing keeping this from five stars is that this joint is getting expensive ! seriously , $ 11 for a flimsy shirt-dress that was clearly homemade , that has seams coming out ? ! nah , homie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what can i say ? i love this place . my 4 year old comes along sometimes , and if we both look hard enough we find some sweet gems . i found this wicked knitted poncho for her that you could never find anywhere else.. one of a kind ! . not to mention the 50 % off sale that was on today , that definitely sweetened the pot . 3 stars you ask ? well , there are better value village locations out there , i find this one picked over a lot of the times ( true.. given the location ) . however , i do prefer poking around kensington for gems and second hand garb . but all things considered , it 's always time well spent !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as mentioned a lot of items are expensive , sometimes cheaper in the actual store they came from ! when it opened about a decade ago , it was better . it 's too bad because it 's a nice location and big interior . depressing inside , messy dirty often .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best thrift store i 've found in toronto so far . it 's huge and well organized . unlike some other places , they keep all the clothing really well sorted by gender , type , size , and colour . so it 's easy to find things that will actually fit onto your body . prices are good , and shopping is convenient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the whole chain 's prices have risen somewhat in recent years , but value village is still a great bet . this location is a particular favourite of mine : it 's ttc-accessible , the selection of clothing and accessories is great , it 's well-organised , and the turnover-rate is high enough that you can go every two weeks and find new things . recent finds of mine from this one include cotton sundresses , dress-shirts , and a nice sears cardigan new with tags . decent book section , too . definitely worth a trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite value village 's in toronto . positive : this location is very clean and organized . i also find the staff to be very nice and helpful . in comparison to other locations , they have a very good selection of jewelry and belts . negative : i find it can be picked over quite quickly in comparison to other value village 's . also , i find their pricing does not always make sense ( in comparison to other value village 's ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't know what the below complaints are about regarding the price of the clothes . most of the high end items are very generously priced ; especially for clothes probably made by child labour workers in other countries . i mean , come on people ... $ 15 for a pair of levi 's ? i 'll take them if you do n't want them . i wish this store was in a much safer area , however , this is my favourite value village location in toronto , and i 've been to most of them . it 's huge ; i could spend all day in there . i have very long legs and it is hard for me to shop for pants at a mall , so i get most of my work clothes from here and they 've never failed me . keep up the good work ! see you on boxing day ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l'\u00e9quivalent d'emmaus en france , value village vend toutes sortes de produits d'occasion en passant par la vaiselle , v\u00eatements , meubles , jouets , etc ... . il ne faut pas h\u00e9siter \u00e0 farfouiller dans les rayons pour trouver la bonne affaire . this is the equivalent of emmaus in france , value village sells all sorts of second hand products . dishware , clothes , furniture , toys , etc ... .. do not hesitate to dig in to find what you want !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to donate stuff yesterday and also check out what 's new , found adidas superstars in good condition for $ 7.49 , nike sports bra , mexx olive trousers , pair of workout pants and a tank top all for $ 24 ( incl tax ! ) or so w 30 % off ! pretty good bargain : ) ca n't believe noone got those sneakers , it was after 6pm and my husband spotted them from mid-room ! and i was looking to get a pair just last week , scouting for deals . sometimes you just get lucky !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the store has a good selection of clothes and items , but staffing is a serious issue . the fat cashier manager is happy to shout to customers that she 's short staffed , chat with whomever , and watch lines of people pile up at the registers . i 've never seen her lift a finger there , maybe feels a bit too entitled now to do any work . unfortunately , that means the cashier situation is n't likely to improve . the last 6 months have been a nightmare at the checkouts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tutor time is a great day care for the price . the facility is clean and the staff is overall really friendly . some of the staff is questionable . not that they are n't good people , the personalities are a bit drab . i am really happy with the care my child receives and i feel like he is in good hands . his development has really excelled and i feel like his mood is much better at the end of the day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have nothing but amazing things to day about this place ! my son is 4 months old and lives his teachers at tutor time sooooo much ! ! ! they read to him sing to him and provide a wonderful environment . i 'm a little surprised to read the last review of the parent looking at tutor time . most infants do n't have a nap schedule buy tutor time totally follows the babies eating schedule and actually helped put our baby on a good eating schedule ! also they do n't people in street shoes in the room or other kids for the safety of our infants ! i 'm a lawyer mom and a super picky mom and i ca n't say enough about how clean this place is ! everything is wiped down every night and everything that can be laundered is laundered . sounds like the poster did n't like that you pay for five days regardless if you use three but you get what you pay for and i 'm happy to pay for wonderful childcare even if we do n't use it all week ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a daycare for my 2 year old son was the most frightening thing for my husband and i until we found this tutor time . my mother worked in a preschool for about 9 years . when she toured this center with me she was beyond impressed . miss michelle was able to answer any questions and worries we had at the time and miss shauna made our family feel right at home . this center is in impeccable shape and i absolutely adore the way they treat our son . he has only been there for about 5 months now and he has already learned so much from all of his teachers and friends . miss kiersten and miss rhonda are awesome as well . they are always doing fun activities with the kiddos . i feel so incredibly safe with son being there and could n't have asked for a better learning environment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . my son has been going here since he was 9 months old and is now over 3 years old . the staff is amazing and management is very accountable . as an educator myself , i am very impressed with their willingness to go the extra mile for their kids and families .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "does n't pretend to be any more than it is , a local watering hole . it has a really nice patio out back in the summer . great crowd and cool bartenders . i like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is dark and plain . that gets huge thumbs up from me . as another reviewer mentioned , the only irish thing about this place is the name . the bar staff is super friendly and will let you sample the awesome beers if you are not sure about what you want . and best of all : giant patio in the back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the cloak and dagger , i usually end up here at some point whenever i come and visit toronto . it 's a small , intimate pub with an amazing beer selection and cheap pitchers . it is quite dark , but it 's quiet , so you can enjoy a pint and a conversation . the pation in the back is also great , it 's sorta like going down a hallway into someone 's walled back yard , very relaxing . oh and it has a pac-man machine , how cool is that ? it 's definitely a placet o go enjoy a pint or two as opposed to a loud student bar and they often have guest kegs and have a great selection of small local brews . i give props to places that serve local beer , as opposed to a lot of places that serve exclusively molson or labatt swill . in fact i do n't think they even have any of the big boys brews ( i include keith 's in that category fyi ) . overall the cloak & dagger is one of my favourite pubs in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place because it is minimalist . order at the bar . kitchen is frequently closed . i enjoy just pulling up a stool at the bar and trying some of the many craft brews they have on tap and having a random conversation with regulars . live music frequently . the place is so small so all it takes is a small group of jackasses to spoil the vibe if the place. , this does happen occasionally . fortunately most of the regulars are friendly and interesting enough so definitely recommend dropping by this place . it 's more fun in off peak hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the cities best kept secrets . on the surface it appears to be a standard `` irish '' style pub . behind its black shop front and tinted windows lies an old school local with a strong tap list of 15 or so mostly craft drafts . but the big hook is its secluded shady back patio , one of the best places for pint minus the d.bags and hipsters that tend to flock to other near-by kensington watering holes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kind of a hipster bar fly bar . i agree with the other comments about the smell . not sure what the irish connection is , other than it 's kind of uk style service , as in no table service . you order all your drinks and food at the bar . the bar features an amazing array of exotic and interesting beers on tap . they also have a couple casks on the patio . a really nice bitter was being tapped out back . also i grok about the douche bag comment . there was some loud asshole . food service is spotty , if existent . the only food available that night was ribs . and it did n't really even look like they were done cooking the ribs around 8ish . i dunno . the great beer selection makes this a 3 star . as a local bar to drop in and have a couple pints with your friends , this bar makes sense . as a destination to meet up with friends located across toronto , there are better choices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location . excellent beer list . terrible service . seriously , i may not be as cool as your primary clientele , or your best friend , but my money is the same , so do me a favour and acknowledge my existence while you take it . not for the first time , the bartender has stopped in the middle of getting my order to serve a regular and slid my change across the bar while chatting to him and not looking at me . i do n't want to have a lengthy conversation with you , but i do want decent , polite service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my regular stop for decent priced gas and an occassional soda . much cheaper gas than what is in scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "freaking love the qt 's it is nice to hear them welcome you everytime , it is nice to get through the line quickly . most of all i like the drinks . i use a little bit of vanilla , cherry and then some diet dr pepper . i use a qt reloadable card so i can just hand it over , slide the card and walk out . i have also purchased a sleeve of 32oz cups , lids and straws . perfect for a party or a road trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sad when the white cherry icee flavor is out of commission other then that i always leave happy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good store , fast employees . they had a new guy who really slowed things down there a while ago , but it looks like he 's up to speed now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we go here almost every sunday because my husband play softball for his work at the park nearby . i get really fast good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love quick trip . they just added hot food to the already amazing offering . honestly , it reminds me a bit of the wawa i recently visited in pa . the touch screen order system for the hot food . i wish they had sandwiches like wawa . this location is always clean , and there are serious amounts of hustle from the staff . this is my morning drink stop , and was ecstatic to move back to a neighborhood with a quick trip on my morning commute . also , after 4pm all pastries are half off . i love hitting the pastry jackpot and getting a muffin on the way home . qt for life ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this qt is big , clean , spacious , with great stock and really easy to get from to the highway . hard to know it 's even here if you 're on the highway , but it 's one of the most convenient gas stores on this stretch of sr-101 . always fast service too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "qt does an amazing job and that includes the one on 19th ave and the 101 . the lot and store are always clean and well maintained and the staff always greats me when i walk in . the coffee selection is good and there are a lot of good food options as well . no matter how busy qt is i am able to get in and out quickly and always deal with pleasant staff . i have gotten to where i will go out of my way to stop at a qt rather than other gas stations in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fast and friendly . never changes . i refuse to go to circle k , even though they 're closer . you also have a waaaay better beer selection . would get 5 stars if you 'd start caring santan brewery beers , especially mr. pineapple . i would love you forever and ever if you would : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have stayed here many nights . it is an average extended stay hotel . my only complaint is the internet service . if you want to do some average web surfing , check email , etc . then it is just fine . if you are traveling for business and must conduct business by vpn , `` live '' meetings , etc . then it may be difficult .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's an okay place , just like a fairfield inn . the good thing is that the kitchen is nice you have a full stove and an oven and a dishwasher and a big fridge so if you 're staying for extended period of time it would definitely work . the bed was a bit extra firm i would have preferred something a tad bit softer . the bathrooms are nice and clean and very much homelike . my couch was a bit worn out . they do have a nice workout place and a business center that are open 24 hours a day hence the three points overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stayed here for an overnight on the final night of the long spring break road trip , booked through priceline . it was a bit tricky to find , nestled amid a bunch of newish-hotel complexes that all look the same in the dark . it was a standard traveling business suite . the room was nice and clean , kitchen looked good . we did make use of the fold out beds in both rooms and those mattresses were a little lumpy , but otherwise it was a good overnight place to stay right by the highway . the breakfast was pretty good compared to other freebies -- both hot and continental offerings . it was strange seeing pets in the hall and a cat in the window from the parking lot -- no allergies in the family so it was not an issue . the desk staff was very helping and friendly during the check-in and arranging for us to have adjoining rooms .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i walked into this townplace suites off the ohio turnpike on a saturday evening needing a night 's stay with pets . the staff was friendly and helpful in providing delivery options for dinner . the bed and living area were comfortable . the kitchen and bathroom were not exactly modern in their decor , but both were clean and very functional . i do n't usually bother with the free breakfast , but am glad i had another long day 's drive ahead of me and decided i should have a hearty breakfast because breakfast on sunday morning offered many options and was of a good quality . i will definitely consider the townplace suites brand more often in the future when traveling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we spent 1 night there this past week on our way home cross country . it is a great little place . the rooms were clean , updated ... .and we really enjoyed ourselves . they were very helpful and friendly . i definitely will use them again when we return through streetsboro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel was great . it was clean , convenient , affordable , and had an extremely friendly staff . great place to stop on our trip up north to wisconsin . would recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awoken by a tractor trailers generator that was parked outside of our room -- at 4 am . our alarm was set for 730 . after complaining to the front desk , the generator was turned off at 630 am . the truck driver was then permitted to enjoy the complimentary breakfast with us . i 'm a very annoyed reviewer right now . rooms were decent and staff friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here last month after a day of driving with a hot and road-weary cat . it was raining heavily and close to midnight , and most other motels in the area did n't take pets . there is a $ 25 pet fee at this townplace suites , but it was still a great place with friendly and helpful staff . the room was clean and had a kitchenette stocked with plates , pots pans and flatware , along with a microwave , dishwasher and the usual coffeemaker , coffee and tea , etc . breakfast was free and offered a lot more than expected , including yogurt , fruit , eggs and some impressive king-sized waffles . definitely an option for travelers passing through this part of ohio -- especially travelers with pets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is something well loved about the fifth avenue arts district in scottsdale . this is old town , local flavor , historic and unique . modern love is a hair salon that offers a great way to relax anytime of the day , offering all the best in treatments and services . duke , amanda and bre are unusual delights . amanda will turn out a stylish hair cut or color with ease . believe me for a guy with long curls , to go through a foil coloring with all the ladies around and not blush the entire time should tell you something men . thank you amanda for just being wonderful to look at , converse with and keeping at ease . thank you duke for your kind words and helpful nature . and little bre , you tha babe ! good luck nina and john on the new complement to fifth avenue . let 's see , from here nordies , fnb , fifth and wine or , oh yes mex at the mission . i shall celebrate the avocado with their tasty home made guacamole dip , sporting my new hairdo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i followed my stylist to modern love from her previous salon . misty has always been a great stylist and wonderful person . i 'm glad to see her in a new salon that has a great atmosphere and nice modern design . the front desk staff was also terrific . highly recommended and a great addition to old town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying rudy was the missing piece to my arizona puzzle ! i was so nervous about finding a new stylist since moving and i do n't think i could 've met a better one ! rudy is so educated and knowledgeable on everything hair . he only uses the best products and really does everything he can to give you the exact hair you want . he gave me an all over highlight to get me a few shades lighter & i left with my hair exactly the way i wanted it to look . rudy is easy to talk to , & takes everything you want into consideration . i would recommend rudy to anyone i know , 100 times over ! i ca n't say enough how great he is ! i ca n't wait to see him again ! modern love is a beautiful opened spaced salon that offers so much & they are so lucky to have rudy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first visit to modern love hair salon . i like the layout and the name is fitting as it 's modernly decorated ; concrete floors , high ceilings , clean and has an industrial edgy vibe with great lighting ( important in a hair salon ! ) . good music and product selection . josie is my stylist and i 've been seeing her for my hair for years . she is awesome with color and cuts , and super patient because my hair is crazy thick and it takes time . i will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my new favorite salon . amanda came highly recommended and she did not disappoint . my hair is easy to style , the color and highlights are wonderful , and the whole experience left me feeling really good about myself . amanda really took her time to talk with me about the best style , cut and color , and she created a look i love . i love the location and the view . the staff and other stylists are very nice and i ca n't wait for my next appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jaimi dolmage is out-of-this-world awesome ! i recommend her constantly ! she has done my hair for several years now and every time i see her , i leave feeling refreshed and happy . i have very fine hair and somehow , she manages to work wonders with it . she truly listens to her clients wants and she is incredibly knowledgable and skilled . in addition to being highly skilled , a good listener and understanding what her clients want , she has a fantastic personality and i always look forward to seeing her . she is so easy to be with . the salon is bright and beautiful with terrific views . my haircut is always fabulous ! love , love , love jaimi ! she is a gifted stylist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loving my creative coworkers . this is a great place to work if your a super amazing hard working individual . no slackers needed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this salon is awesome ... and emily is amazing . all the girls are great . they are up to date on style and everything is clean and organized . the reception is friendly and offers you drinks , etc . emily has never once screwed up my hair ! an appointment with any of the girls you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great salon . jaime is a wonderful stylist . she seems to know what i want to do with my hair even when i do n't ! i drive across town just to have jaime cut and color my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "giving 2 stars only because my service provider did a great job . do not be fooled by the name.. this is not a `` med spa '' much of the other staff was unfriendly and the front desk seemed unsure about what they were doing . lastly , the salon was not clean . great location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this new salon , great modern , open concept with killer views while you are getting your hair done . amanda is the best , very takented and knowledeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh how i love tara my highlighting blonde goddess ! ! ! i love that you are at modern love salon which is so close & convenient ! i especially love that it is a kevin murphy product salon . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were visiting from out of town and we really needed haircuts and i needed partial color . kim worked my daughter and i in . she did a fantastic job . really listens , is careful and thorough . i chose this salon because my mom has been very happy coming here for years . emilie does a great job for her . my only problem : i liked the color here much more than what i 've been getting at my regular home town salon . despite location in center of scottsdale 's famous shopping district , there was plenty of free parking . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted a new look ! found ! ! sara brown ( stylist & extension specialist ) she gave me the best summer highlights , fresh hair style & extensions to add length and thickness ! ! must try her ! sara use to do all the dallas cowboys cheerleaders hair and extensions ! ! love her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is to die for ! the design is clean , beautiful and welcoming for both men and women . excellent stylists - especially my fave jackie . great location in the heart of old town scottsdale , plenty of parking and amazing customer service . i ca n't wait to try out their med spa services , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing cut and color by sara . great atmosphere and welcoming people . will keep coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always wanted extensions because i love how beautiful they make women 's hair look . my hair is very fine and fairly short so i was nervous about the impact that extensions would have on my hair and if they would look natural . i finally decided to take the plunge and that is when i was referred to tara . tara is amazing and i ca n't imagine trusting anyone else with my hair ! her placement is amazing . tara is a perfectionist so i always leave the salon feeling confident and beautiful . all of my friends and co-workers compliment me on how great my hair looks and they are in shock when i tell them that i have extensions . tara is a true professional and she is an expert with extensions . you are in great hands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like most strip clubs in rural illinois , it 's a great place where you can watch overweight farm girls pay for junior college and pretend not to feel horribly awkward . unlike the others , however , this place is near a university campus . that makes the bullet ( what real locals call it ) particularly special . it 's a place where you can can watch overweight suburban girls pay for university and pretend not to feel horribly awkward .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the first strip club i 've been to ... and it 's not what i expected at all . my expectations came mostly from instagram and youtube , so i thought i was going to see some insane pole acrobatics and such . definitely not the case . the dancers , without exception , were out of shape and did no more than languidly caress a pole and saunter around the stage . probably the most complicated move i saw all night was a woman dancing above a man 's face . also one of the dancers groped my boobs , which was weird but not terrible . lawl . silver bullet is kind of dumpy but four stars for what it is . it 's an interesting place . the other people at my table , mostly older men and women , were super nice and fun . also , iirc , women do n't pay cover .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i planned on taking a bachelor party to this bar . i wrote and found out they were very party friendly . when i got to the bar , they refused my entry . they said that i had drank too much that night and when i tried to explain to them that i was a service member that was returning from iraq and although i am within my legal limit , i might be a little more affected because i have n't drank in 6 months . while i was trying to explain this , a `` gentleman '' grabbed my shirt and pushed me out of the entry way . this was not only military unfriendly , but it would seem that they only are looking to sell their over priced drinks . if you are looking for a good time , look elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cover is $ 5 and free for girls . drinks usually around 4 and they put a lot of liquor in it . they used to have some hot girls but now it went downhill . had some couple dances , table dance and lap dance . about $ 15 or $ 30 . used to be regulars every week and they have $ 20 vip for 6 months which you get free cover and a second drink free . after i went to some bars in chicago i dont really want to come here anymore", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ask for kevin . he pays great attention to detail and is very easy going . he 's the only person i 've encountered who does lineups with a straight razor . the shop is an old school barber shop , but it has taken on a younger vibe since kevin took over from ernie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after going to many barber shops across toronto i finally found one barber who gave me exactly the haircut i wanted -- kevin . he recently took over ernie 's and the atmosphere at this place is very laid back and friendly . kevin gives your cut meticulous care and attention and does a very professional job . best of all , he only charges $ 17 -- i 've gone to many places where i 've paid several times that amount and the cuts were n't close to as good as the ones i got here . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid haircut at an affordable price . laid back atmosphere , ca n't go wrong with either kevin or tomas . ernie 's is old school , quality over quantity . they recently renovated their outside sign and interior . this has been my spot for the past 4 years now , i could see myself coming back for the next 40 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hair always looks perfect when i go to ernie 's . they take the time to make my hair look clean and exactly how i want it . they use straight razors and products that smell good and are still super cheap . i recently moved and tried to go to a different barber today and i 'm really regretting being lazy and not making the 10 minute bike ride to ernie 's instead , because the new place completely screwed up my hair and that would never have happened at ernie 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been looking for a decent place to get a cheap haircut for years now and i discovered this place . now to be honest , i have to drive 20-30 minutes ( assuming traffic is light ) to get here but it 's worth the drive . would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a clean and fairly inexpensive fade", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes people look like retards . who would think of getting their haircut like the photos shown ? my kid got his haircut and i gave very clear instructions of what we wanted.. the girl said she understood . he looks like he gave himself his haircut . what a total twat . my poor boy left so embarrassed , and i was crying while she did it . this girl needs to quit her job and find something she is actually good at . it seems like this is a barbershop for douches..so if douche is your style.. go to ernies ! if you do n't want to be judged as someone who belongs on jersey shore , go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've brought my son here since he was 2 years old - he 's almost 6 now . my neighbour has been getting his hair cut by ernie for over 40 years ! prices are low and the people are friendly . good , solid , old-school barber shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had struggled to find a cut shop since moving to toronto from vancouver , but i think i found just the place at ernie 's . no nonense , take a chair and wait your turn . a couple of televisions to take in the eurocup and some good banter from the regulars . most important a barber that takes his time to get it right . best of all , it 's a short walk from home . thanks kevin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice local place to go . woman who cut my hair was very nice and did a good job . much better than the brand name `` quick haircut '' places i was going .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great fades near my area . very welcoming atmosphere at this barbershop . i would definitely recommended to anyone looking to get a nice , clean haircut . extra points for busting out the shaving cream and razor for a skin fade . i 've been to a lot of places asking for the same hair cut , and not once have i gotten shaved with a blade !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a haircut done right - you have to go to ernie 's . twenty dollars for the perfect cut . i skimp on haircuts in general but this is worth every cent . ask for tomas . it 's in the details .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin is the best barber in area . fades always on point . lines always sharp", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good no-nonsense cut at a very fair price ( $ 17 ) . have n't had a shave yet , but from the looks of it , they do a good job at that too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are wonderful . i took them an odd little project that no one else seemed to want to do : i wanted them to reproduce some odds and ends parts from a couple old , old pinball machines . no problem . done fast and done right . you ca n't go wrong . they 're nice people , friendly , and very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , very limited inventory and very very high prices . try agate steel for very good prices on full length material , especially steel tubing and or international metals for equally good prices on full length pieces and especially on remnants-small pieces . you will see a significant cost savings at agate steel on n country club and or industrial metals , 48 st and broadway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing customer service by jeff and lee . they will bend over backwards to try and help you with what you need . their prices are more than fair and i havent found a place that can beat them . i have been using them for over a year now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i worked with lee he was very helpful and willing to spend the time needed to get the sale done . every employee very friendly . price was as expected do to the the size and shearing . nobody else wanted to sale me a 2x3 3 16 '' sheet . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love these guys . jeff and doug spent way more time than they probably should have helping me find what i needed . super-polite and ridiculously helpful - they 're my new favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will def come here again . i 'm a first timer as far as buying metal goes but do n't see a need to go anywhere else . pricing was right in line with what i was thinking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the best . first off they sell by the inch , not in predetermined lengths so you can get exactly the steel you need - it saves you money . secondly , the customer service is awesome . they corrected my mistake at their expense . i 'll be going back regularly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice little italian ( greek ) restaurant near the airpark that serves really good food ! i had been going to lunch n go just down the block for years and found they had recently closed about five weeks ago . stuck , i decide to stop into the italian spoon instead . wow . what a nice surprise and i had been driving past this place and did n't know they were there . as i stated in my tip , the italian spoon serves one of the best gyros i 've ever had outside of astoria . if you order it with a soft drink , it comes to a very reasonable $ 7.87 . next time , i 'll try the philly cheesesteak . enjoy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super cute , local spot in the scottsdale airpark . i met a friend here who works close by and would n't stop talking about this place . it 's kind of hard to find i drove right past it the first time . it has a very homey feel , it 's super clean and the smells will make your tummy talk from the moment you walk in . they have quite a variety of food to choose from . i heard their fish and chips were awesome and i heard right . they were lightly battered and crispy without being greasy . the prices are very reasonable and the owners are very friendly and passionate about their business . the only thing i would alter about this place is some outdoor seating , they are located in a beautiful courtyard . i did hear they are looking into it . please go check it out and support this cute hidden local spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten here multiple times . everything is sensational ! gyros and burger are my favorite . burger will beat any fast food desire and its priced better too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read many good reviews so went today there were 3 dinners so we decided to share the large fish and chips and large pizza we were the only diners after 35 min one bowl of fish was delivered i had to ask for extra plates , silver and vinegar the fish was supposed to be served with cold slaw , when asked `` where is the slaw '' i was told 'i will make some ' after 50 min , the pizza will be right out we decided enough was enough and asked for our check would you like the pizza 'to go ' no goodbye the friendly italian owners were not to be seen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i eat here once or twice a week . everything on the menu is delicious . sam and his family are very nice people and delivery is quick . i recommend this to anyone who is looking for a little variety on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gyros in town ! ! ! ! ! have had several gyros in the area , but none of them compare to theres ... ..fried zuchinni and pizza are also delicious as well ... .great experience eating in at the spoon , and the staff is awesome , great friendly people ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , i have had the fish & chips and the gyro sandwich . both very good . the owners are very friendly and are happy to see you when you come in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give it a zero i would so.. i tried to go to lunch the italian spoon on redfield and hayden today and was promptly told by a kid in basketball shorts , flip flops and a tee shirt that we had to leave because they were too busy to take my order ? ? ? while there was one other couple in the entire place and was also told it because the cook called in sick . he told us we can come back some other time . yup i 'll be sure to go back , , hell no ! ! pass this on and share it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this office , i really did . the pa was great and took great care of me ( the only reason this does n't have 1 star ) but the office staff seem like they must hate their job . i ca n't tell you how many times i called and left a message ( because no one ever answers the phone ) only to call back days or a week later because no one has gotten back to me . my medication ran out twice and never had refills apparently . getting this info to my pharmacy would take weeks because . i finally gave up and found a new doctor . i just got a call today confirming an appointment i left a message to cancel . not surprised . i called and cancelled again , thankful i was actually able to speak to a real person .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very competent physician but regularly overbooks appointments and wait times of 30 minutes to 60 minutes not unusual .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the long waits are a thing of the past . i have been to the office several times in the last three months and got right in . also . dr bettencourt is a good physician and has a friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had skin cancer twice , and both times , dr. bettencourt saw it in seconds , confirmed the diagnosis with 100 % accuracy , and then dispatched it with unparalleled skill and with minimal scarring . i could not be more pleased with the result . i have numerous professional friends , many of whom are physicians , so i asked around for a referral . they all recommended dr. bettencourt as the best in town . in my view , they were right . i recommend her to all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "total body 3d is a great place to go for a workout . zumba is so much fun and no matter which day or time you take a zumba class you will know the steps routine . although each instructor has their own style and technique the moves are pretty much the same . if you do n't get the steps the first class , do n't give up ... no one gets it the first class and probably not the 2nd . keep giving it a try ! you always feel welcome at any class whether it 's trx , r.i.p.p.e.d . or yoga . each instructor works at making sure you know how to do the exercise properly and encourages you to challenge yourself to work harder . come and see for yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though i had taken zumba at a gym before , my true passion for zumba did not begin until i started taking debbie and wendy 's classes at total body 3d . i fell in love with zumba so much i went and got certified to teach it . then i realized my issue before with never being able to stick with going to a gym was the atmosphere . i have never been able to be consistent with exercising until i started going to total body 3d . it is a unique , compassionate , inspiring , and welcoming to all environment , regardless of your fitness level , age , gender , or race . it is a place to be able to reach your lifestyle goals without compromising your self . i have also taken trx , tko , and tabata ... .all the classes and instructors are great ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taken several different classes and all have been fabulous . there 's a class for every need - trx for strength , ripped for endurance and urban flow for flexibility . have not ventured into a zumba class , but my wife loves them . instructors are all highly recommended . trx can be as challenging as you want it to be which is great because at 46 i can not keep up the the younger set anymore , but i can still do my thing and get a great workout . i love the class as i get bored with the same old classes . i would bet you 've never tried anything like this . i used to take kettlebell classes and had to change because of my work schedule . glad i found trx . i bet if you try it , you 'll get hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started classes at total body 3d about a month ago . i went primarily for the zumba , but found out they have so much more ! ! ! i absolutely love the zumba and all the instructors ! ! ! the whole experience exceeded my expectations ! ! debbie really has something great here at total body . i always feel welcome and have met some really great people . no matter what your fitness level , she and her staff will work with you to help you meet your goals ! ! ! great place ! ! ! super atmosphere ! ! ! ! i always have a great time and a great workout ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's pricey for the quality of the food , located on the first floor of the alt hotel , in an industrial and still under development neighbourhood ... i had the portobello burger , nothing spectacular , my companion had the penne , she was not impressed , neither was i . decent customer service..out of my list", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yes i love burger king . yes i know its terrible for me . no i will not stop coming here . i love this location , even though someone was shot in the face here not too long ago , i still can not stay away . i love the fact that i can go through the drive-thru and not have to worry about checking my bag for the right items because they have never messed up one order of mine . and that is pretty damn rare for fast food . other than that typical bk fare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here quite a few times . ( honestly because it 's very near my house ) on 2 or 3 occasions , they 've left something out of my order or had me drive up and wait . they 're usually pretty slow.in the drive thru . lesson : : triple check the order while still at the window and do n't go here in a hurry . ( more than 1 car ca n't be dealt with at a time )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely the worst service ( if you can call it that ) . incompetent staff and manager who could not even process a refund ( order 53 at about 9pm on 09 25 15 ) . please , i insist that you change the money i paid where my order was not fulfilled or refunded ( $ 9.52 ) , change it to pennies , get some lubricant and shove each and every penny up your asses . do n't plan to purchase any more food from bk , they just do n't care ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been here a few times since it 's close to my job . it 's a typical fast food place . the food is ok but the service is awful . does n't seem like anyone here likes their job . most of the employees here have attitudes and it shows.. i continue to go here only because they do n't mess up my order that often and i do n't really expect much from burger king anyway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent work and so friendly ! ! not to mention ... a great music selection . my new favorite spot ! i came in 10 min before close and they stayed , took the time to make me feel comfortable and even did a great toe design ! looking forward to my next pedi ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best salon in lake norman . you will not be disappointed . closed mondays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so went there with 4 yr old . i knew right away the one doing my daughters toes didnt seem friendly at all to me nor my 4 yr old . while my daughter was sitting in chair i asked how much to paint both her toes and hands and when i asked this she was sitting in chair and toes in water . the one girl said $ 8 then she said oh no $ 10 . so when i went to pay the one whom did my daughters toes said $ 15 i said why she said for the water i said you have got to be kidding me i am not paying that and i didnt but she was angry and said thats what manager ( male ) told her i said well go get him because thats not what i was told she said oh he left . so this place is shady ! girl that did my pedicure did great job thought great i can come back here but after that whole thing never lost a customer over $ 5 terrible service . this girl never smiled was totally rude . stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a follow up to my previous review . it been 7 weeks since i was given a gel manicure ( when i asked for a regular ! ) and my nails are still a mess ! whatever products were used on them has completely and utterly damaged my nails so much they they actually hurt because they ca n't grow ! this 'salon ' should be shut down . i strongly recommend anyone who is considering using this place that they go somewhere else . your nails will never be the same again . absolutely horrendous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cleanest nail salon i have ever been to . only reason i did not give them 5 stars is that i paid for a deluxe but it was shorter then most other places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great manicure and pedicures . clean . friendly staff . they have a great selection of colors if you like to do the gel nail polish . they offer wine while you get your nails done ( albeit cheap stuff ) and if they do n't offer ... just ask ! they take the tools for your manicure right out of the sterilization packs in front of you . i 've gone at least five times and have n't had a bad experience yet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! ! ! the girls are rude and will talk about you either in their native language , or by whispering in front of you . they moved my daughter and i three times while we were there and showed a major attitude problem . luckily , there are so many other nail salons around here , that we found a nicer , better place easily .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was very clean and felt very professional . my husband and i went to get pedicures for our `` date day '' on a sunday afternoon . the atmosphere was relaxing , the massage chairs were amazing , the free alcohol is always a + and for just $ 25 with the hot stones is always a pleasant surprise . my toes look great and so do my cuticles ! we will be back : ) the only negative we both said was we did n't really get a foot massage , but perhaps that 's not part of a basic pedicure . we will see next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd been going to the same girl for more than six months ... did a good job . when i went to redeem a coupon from the grocery store , they tried to stiff me a few dollars saying i came in on a friday since they offered less on that day . problem is my appointments were always on thursdays . shady is putting it mildly . prices were never consistent on the same things . and most of the time they never spoke a word to you but talked to other workers in their language .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to several nail salons in my life and have only found a few that have been able to meet my expectations . this nail salon is one of them ! although the decor is n't exactly my taste , the place is always clean , the staff is friendly , and most importantly they do an excellent job ! i know i can come here and trust them to do a great job . also , if you 've had a long ( work ) day they have wine or beer along with other ( nonalcoholic ) complementary drinks to choose from : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! it is under new ownership and cody , the new owner , is really great ! i usually get sns manis every 3 weeks but these guys do something similar called revel nail . my nails look and feel amazing , cody did a great job on them ! he also mentioned that they are doing some new things that was not offered under the previous ownership . i highly recommend that everyone give in 2 nails a try , you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new management aboard ! i have always went here for my nails and always turn out great very busy , but worth the wait . give them a try ! andrea", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the worst manicure with the rudest technician i have ever encountered . i will never go back in that shop . i 've had thousands of manicures in my life , and no one has ever been as rude as the employee here . skip this salon , there are too many good ones out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm on vacation and needed my manicure refreshed . found this place on-line . they were able to get me an appt quickly so i headed over . the salon was clean and they did an amazing job on my nails . however , customer service is lacking . between coats of polish , my manicurist would pull out her phone . she barely said a word to me . my friend was having a pedicure in the back and said the same about the person doing her nails . she also said the massage chair was challenging to operate and she had to just shut it off because it was so rough . they have some talented people there but they appear to need some training in customer service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! i would not recommend it at all . my gel manicure is peeling off after 1 week and my pedicure is chipping . it is very expensive ! ! ! i had to wait and then they rushed to get me done . would not recommend at all ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty bad place . ca n't wait to get them done correctly . the staff looked like they had just rolled out of bed , they did n't ask about about preferred nail shape or anything . the technician nipped my cuticles and made them bleed . could n't wait to get out of there . $ 30 paid for that torture and ineptness . do n't bother with this place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great value and great quality . clean , bright and comfortable salon . for the money , i think this is the best nail salon in the lake area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience ! complementary wine , awesome massage chairs and excellent customer service . the staff was very personable . without a website or price list in the salon i did n't know what to expect but was pleasantly surprised to pay $ 35 for a manicure & pedicure ( no polish ) and manicure with gel polish & pedicure for $ 55 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shellac manicures that last ! finally found my place ! kayla is awesome . she does a great job on my nails ! they also have shellac colors that you can match with regular colors for pedicures . complimentary wine is a plus too ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here about 4 times and each time was relaxing and loved my nails ! my husband has never been to a nail salon and he ca n't wait to come back for a pedicure ! you can byob or they serve red or white wine . they are nice and efficient . give them a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff here are very rude . they speak in a different language and not to the customers . i would n't recommend coming here because they do n't attend to their clients . prices are also expensive . can get cheaper prices for better service elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this salon ! i have never had a bad experience and they have fixed my nail screw ups from other salons multiple times . they all speak fluent english and understand you completely . i could n't be happier with their service . they do hot stone pedicures and serve a glass of wine to help make your experience enjoyable . i would give this salon 10 stars if i could .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered an amazing arrangement for a very special birthday ! excellent service from order to delivery . the best result was once the arrangement was delivered , it exceeded my expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service was fantastic ! she was able to work with my budget and come up with a beautiful arrangement all through our phone conversation ! they were very prompt to deliver the same day . i would highly recommend this florist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased flowers from rosebud floral on several occasions and was very happy with their service and the product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love receiving flowers from rosebud ! the creativity and use of colors is incredible ! the owner and her staff are so great to work with also . my friend had rosebud design her wedding flowers and they were the most beautiful i 've ever seen , from the bouquets to the center pieces , to the extra little touches and details rosebud added that no one else thinks to include . i will definitely be using rosebud for my upcoming wedding ! i highly recommend using rosebud for any occasion ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lydia is amazing . she did the flowers for my wedding this past weekend and they were more beautiful than i ever imagined . everything from my bouquet to the centerpieces were absolutely stunning and truly made the whole venue look incredible . not only were her prices great , but she really works with you to make sure you 're happy with everything . i am so grateful to her for helping make our wedding perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love rosebud ! i have received some beautiful and unique flowers for valentine 's day the last two years . we just got married and rosebud did our flowers . they were absolutely gorgeous . lydia really takes her time getting to know you and your style . they were exactly what i had in mind ! she really helps work within your budget too . i came in with some ideas , but she gave me even more suggestions , and the final product was perfect ! i can not say enough good things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful florist ! ! i received a delivery 3 days ago - an assortment of roses and other seasonal flowers - they are gorgeous ! ! i wish i could post a picture to show just how beautiful the arrangement is ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new south is awful - i wish there was a negative star option ! ! ! ! i suggest that you never do business with them ! ! ! ! they took my money , lied about delivery dates , and then they refused to give me a refund . the owner is an asshole ! ! ! when the windows and doors finally arrived , the installers did a terrible job which required many phone calls to get the issues resolved . i was so glad when the last of the windows were installed so i never had to talk and deal with them again . what a nightmare ! ! ! ! ! ! my recommendation is to stay far , far away ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not do business with this company . spent 100,000.00+ on windows and doors . doors ordered in fall 2014 , installation took several months to complete due to incorrect measurements , finally finished 3 2015 . have not been able to get warranty service for a doorframe that cracked when screen door was installed . sales rep , mr. greg schultzman , has not returned phone email attempts to contact him since 5 5 2015 ( correspondence began 3 19 2015 ) . finally discovered today from corporate marvin service rep that new south is no longer a marvin dealer as of may , 2015 . be wary . shady way to do business and a real shame that sales reps are so bad as installation crews were great .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently purchased windows from new south remodelers and could not be happier . customer service was fantastic and installation a breeze . definitely check these guys out for all of your home improvement needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who does n't love panda ? quick cheap and good food with lots of options . this location was very clean service was good and orange chicken is still the bomb .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is only one dish i would get at panda and they screwed up that last night . the string bean chicken breast was bathed in a dark brown sauce , well actually swimming in the sauce . since everything else looked inedible , i doubled up on the ole favorite . bad choice as the salt really shone through and everything was lost in that brown mess . chicken breast was present in there , but ya know what else was lurking around : the string beans still had their tails on . how lousy are the chef 's here to not be able to cut off the little things on the beans . oh , now that is my job i suppose ? cheery front clerk was trying to upsell me everything in site , but i did give up all my change for 69 cent chocolate chip cookie and guess what - that was the best part of the meal and my fortune : `` when in doubt , let your instincts guide you '' they were wrong last night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dont eat here ... just got food poisoning from their shrimp last night", "score": "1"}
{"review": "long lines mismanaged customer intakes 2 people on break while only one person is serving long lines of people time was 3:41pm friendly staff just inconvenient long line", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome food , service and ambience ! it feels more like casual dining than fast food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got cheese rangoons and they did n't include sweet & sour sauce with my to-go order . i called the store when i got home and their response is : `` eh , i think you got ta ask for it . did you ask for it ? '' just do n't go to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is another place i go for the iced tea more than food . their passion iced tea is so great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why is that most days i come on for lunch at noon time that you are out of teriyaki chicken ? i do n't know why you would n't start cooking more when it starts running low . i am in line and there is one breast left and they call out `` teriyaki chicken `` little late do n't you think .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went there right before they closed and the staff was still very friendly even though i 'm sure they wanted to hurry up and close . sabrina was very nice and had great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we catered from here for 50 people . the service and staff were exceptional ! everyone enjoyed there their meal ! will definitely cater from here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is good , but food is terrible ! soggy , greasy egg rolls have no taste . the beef broccoli was not edible . very very disappointed , i will not return to this establishment . the price for the food is more than what i pay for a sit down chinese restaurant . and they charge you 1.35 for a fortune cookie ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food the girls work really hard . guys in the back too . but for the love of god lower the ac it 's hot in here ! i ca n't imagine how the guys cooking feel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coming into walmart is like gambling with a kick in the junk ... when you walk through that door the greeter might say hello with a smile or ... .. he may kick you square in the nads ! ! ! ! the latter is what i got this time around ! ! my wife ordered me a bike from walmart.com . the bike was to small and now i am trying to return it and am getting kicked repeatedly in the junk ! ! at least that 's what it feels like ! ! first it takes one cashier and two managers to tell me that i have to call 1-800-walmart and there 's nothing more they can do . then i call 1-800-walmart to be transferred to wayfair.com and then told that i have to disassemble the bike and pay to ship it back ! ! i believe i 've finally had it with walmart and the horrible customer service ! ! ! do yourself a favor and go to target ! ! ! this store is a joke ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not much i can say , it is a wal-mart . low , low prices , rude employees . i guess you get what you pay for . if rita the night mgr is working , run to target ! ! if target is closed , find another wal-mart . if wal-mart was a mom & pop shop , they 'd be out of business due to horrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i know , i know.. i can hear you say , `` what ? 5 star a walmart ? ! '' but yes . this a+review is given only to the car service department . i went there because my husband said that he noticed some oil leaking under my car the night before . since that last oil change i had was at another walmart , i decided to stop by and see if these guys could help me out . they immediately greeted me and listened to my concerns . they inspected it and found out it was my gasket leaking and replaced it for free.. and admitted that the other walmart should have seen this problem in the beginning . i was thinking that this was going to turn into an expensive car fix from the beginning but they proved me wrong . i was in and out in about 30 minutes and my car was fixed for free . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend anyone go to their auto center what so ever . i will never go there again . i took my car for an oil change and while waiting was shopping and they called me asking me how to start my car . i never had a problem starting my car , it 's a 2012 ford focus pretty simple car to start . then i get another call saying they decided not to change the oil because it is a `` liability '' ... . are you kidding me ? i have never had a mechanic not want to change my oil because they thought it was a liability . so , you are telling me a women can start the car but a bunch of mechanics ca n't ? what a joke . then on my way home my hood almost flew up because they did n't close it . they are very lucky it did n't fly up & hit my windshield . guess i will take my business to big o . they are better anyway better customer service & more friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service is missing for the most part but not the worst . management is a joke and lazy or rude if not both . good idea to check packaging of items especially electronics and try to get the customer service you deserve so maybe it becomes something they do on their own .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the worst experience in this walmart today . the place was an absolute zoo . i had several times where i had to ask employees for help and they stated that they were too busy helping children find halloween costumes . while i respect that they are trying to help children however if they are unable to help me they should have been able to call someone over that could . i also had an employee he basically sexually harass me by checking out my body as i bend over to pick up an item off of a shelf and then proceeded to ask for my phone number . extremely inappropriate ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular night time customer here and i 've been consistently disappointed by the complete lack of knowledge of the crew here , as well as one or two cashiers open , working slowly , with ten plus people in each line . it 's appalling . what happened to customer first ? to top it off , i walked out and saw 4 employees out on a cigarette break . never coming back to this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a wallmart is a wallmart just this one is one of thoes messier and less orginized ones .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sent my daughter for an oil change . they stripped the oil pan drain plug when putting back in . instead of replacing which i would of happily paid for they put the same plug in and then applied epoxy to seal . when she went in for her next change at a different location they would not change since the plug was epoxied in place . they told here to go back to this store to remedy . when she went back they said they could not do anything and recommended going to a dealer - even though they had caused the problem . stick with the places that hire quality people to do the work . the $ 10 an hour high school dropout they call a technician will do more damage than good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there earlier today . not too bad , one of the cleaner walmarts i 've been to , but ya know , it 's still walmart . we were in and out pretty quick", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . i 'll not be doing business here ever again . racist staff , including some managers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not buy tires here . i came in and nobody was in line , my suv went straight in . an hour and a half later and my tires are just now taken off . spending $ 500 on tires and waiting 90 minutes to start is ridiculous . yea they do oil changes also . but my suv is the only one in the tire section . worst decision to come here instead of a tire store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not get your oil changed here ! ! ! i worked in the tire and oil for like 2 days and all they do is cut corners and treat the cars like crap . not to mention people working chew tabaco on the job . i ended up quitting because of it interfering with school and just was n't comfortable working there at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a walmart . lots of cheap things and underpaid employees . has ammo , but no guns ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the walmart deli is pretty slow at getting some food . it took the lady a good 20 minutes to get chicken tenders and mashed potatoes for 3 people . she was also the department manager . update : the jalape\u00f1o poppers are actually pretty decent today . give them a try . they do n't have napkins though..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lube center poorly run , bad communication , unexpectedly long waits . also i stepped in an oil pool walking from my car to the counter , so that sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . just because you 're old and work as a cashier does not mean you get to be a jackass to the customers ! i had this older woman as a cashier tonight whose voice sounded like she was five . first she gives me and my handi cap mother the stink eye because we have a full cart . then as we are putting things on the belt as she is ringing it up she stops and announces that shes out of room . okay so lend a hand and help put bags in the empty cart thst is right there ! then she turns to the next customer as we are still there as starts bad mouthing us ! this place does n't even deserve half a star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "walmart-the founder of cheap pricing . decent location , never had an issue with the staff , bathrooms are ok-nothing special . the bonus of visiting a walmart is the clientele . just like after watching jerry springer , you 'll leave this place feeling better about yourself !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered cupcakes from the bakery . the staff was super friendly and nice - no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "asked the manager to take down his flag.. since it was being flown at night with no light at half mast . he told me to call walmart corporate and i will be calling in the morning . he was extremely disrespectful and rude . i ca n't believe that no one else said anything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this pharmacy has the worst pharmacy manager i 've ever dealt with ! she is very conceded and very rude to customers ! my dad was getting a prescription filled and she would n't even give him the time of day when he asked a question about his medication . we will definitely be transferring pharmacies !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently moved to area and this walmart is go to walmart . if you 've been to one walmart you 've been to all pretty much but this one is nice and clean inside usually have good stock of everything and i go almost once a day during the week and never have any issues except not enough open check outs . like usual for walmarts biggest issue is check outs never enough open .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible customer service ! there i am standing there waiting for somebody else to get out of my way so i can move and leave and some walmart employee says , `` these crazy people at walmart '' to a fellow employee indicating me when i was simply waiting for someone to get out of my way so i could leave . so rude ! i 'll never shop here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everytime i go into this walmart the workers are so rude to me . any question i ask its a dirty face ! do not recommend", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm glad that this place has a good assistant manager . lindy is great she was able to help me out and answer my questions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do you ever answer the phone at this location ? i 'm so glad there is a target across the way to shop at . in my opinion every management team should visit targets to see how a store should be ran and copy it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service ! there seems to be more than enough staff on the floor but when you ask for help , it 's as if you 're inconveniencing them and they do n't even know their store well enough ; pointing me in different directions that lead to nowhere near what i 'm looking for . when you 're ready to checkout , there are only 2-3 lanes open at a time , which is so annoying ! it 's a huge store so make sure you know the store well before you go to avoid getting irritated & noticed you forgot something clear across the store ! you wo n't get much help from the staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this taco cart has really good and cheap tacos . for $ 2 taco , there is a wide variety of options . they also have really good salsa . if you like spicy , ask for the red salsa . it 's available only on request .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very salty and over priced . after getting spoiled with great mexican fare in okc for 7 years , perhaps i need to be grateful for a taco truck close to work . but this place is not good . my order : 2 tacos `` al pastor '' and 1 taco `` azada '' . there is so much salt on this food that i literally can not tell which is which . i 'm not even kidding . and holy cow is this greasy ! yuck ! also , the prices are high . i 've never seen a torta sell for $ 8 before . the taco 's are $ 2 each , which is only slightly more than the average truck taco in okc . i wo n't be going back ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "aside from the lack of ambience , keep in mind this is a food truck , this place is great . i 've been wanting to stop by here for months . miguel 's which is across the street , is my usual go to for tacos , but this place might be my new spot . $ 2 tacos , who could ask for anything more ? they were generous with the meat and the taste was great . steady traffic from latinos in the know , so you have to know there 's something to it . hard working people who deserve the business", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best optometrist in town ! i have been coming to this office for a few years now and will continue to for as long as he is in practice . i was forced to go to walmart when my insurance cut progressive eyecare from our network and dr.ng later informed me that the optometrist at walmart over corrected my prescription which explained the headaches i was getting from the strain of looking at things close up like my phone and computer screen . now i know for sure that dr.ng is the only person i can trust with the importance of my family 's eye health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent staff , excellent service and excellent doctor . professional all around . bonus that it 's connected to lenscrafters , who are also provide excellent service all-around . i will travel across town for excellent service so i am grateful to find places convenient to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he is awesome ... thinks for the best of his patient ! . i 've tried different eye care provider before but i ca n't find anybody like him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very impressed with dr. ng , he is very personable , knowledgeable and professional . i was more than satisfied with my visit . i think i have found my eye doctor . mike t .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place to take care of my vision . friendly staff and very friendly optometrists . dr. ng is awesome , always finding ways to provide each patient with respect and courtesy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is friendly , store is clean , easy to make appoinyments online", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is friendly , love the online booking of appointments , minimal to no wait , doctor is friendly . this office is connected to lenscrafters and i feel there is some pressure to purchase glasses there but you still have the option to politely decline and take your rx to somewhere cheaper if you prefer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible initial installation . i had to call him back twice just to make it look halfway decent . now six months later in the middle of summer half of it is dead . called him and left him a message but no return . have to pay another $ 600 just to replace all the dead plants .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have had clm come out and work on my yard twice . the first time they did an awesome job but the second time there was a lot they did not finish . it was petty much half done . i am thinking of having them do a semi big project for my yard soon if they would call me back , there is communication problem , they do n't return calls very often . i will review again when they are done if it ever happens .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this company never shows up in the time window that they state . they were disrespectful to my wife when she answered the door and do a poor job trimming our plants . unfortunately our landlord continues to use them and they continue to disappoint .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clm landscaping did everything that i needed and were great to work with when i had over 1600 sq . feet of grass turned into desert landscape . i have also used their weekly yard service for over eleven years . this company is fantastic ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` come on , let 's sweat , baby , '' says c+c music factory . `` and the room is full of hotties , so i 'm checking out their bodies and you know i 'm satisfied , '' madonna exclaims . `` i wan na see sweat comin ' out your pores , '' announces marky mark and the funky bunch . `` it 's like , arms and cardio , '' says margaret cho . `` bicycle , bicycle ! '' raves queen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i came to toronto from cleveland , ohio , we really wanted to experience a boutique spinning studio during our visit . thank fricking god we found rocket cycle this place was awesome and i highly recommend it to anyone interested in spinning . we took dana 's class she is super awesome with so much energy and great karma . thank you so much for the great ride and hospitality ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first foray back into spinning in about 10 years . although my regular gym in leaside offers spin classes ( included with membership ) , i decided to do some field research ; a compare and contrast sort of thing . let 's just say i was n't terribly impressed initially ( a policy of 12 hour cancellation refund is not stipulated in any of their email correspondence and it should be more transparent than just a mention on the website . ) also , the customer should be informed ahead of time that the bikes are clip-in only ( they provide shoes if you do n't have ) . the reason i mention this is because i have never used clips and it is intimidating for me . in the end , the class was fabulous , the clubs were pretty simple to figure out and i 'll be back next week - with a friend to boot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word - awful . absolutely awful experience . as soon as humanly possible , i will be taking my business elsewhere . in the meantime , i would like to give a shout out to a `` special '' staff member . i ca n't speak for the entire staff but one staff member in particular , joni , is an absolute embarrassment to the face of the company . she is ignorant and rude and has absolutely no common sense . she is intolerable and she is in complete lack of customer service skills . it 's obvious that she hates her job and she is driving business away with no remorse at all . as a loyal patron of this company , i expect respect , appreciation and customer service . one last word - any direct dealings with joni will surely make you reconsider your decision to give your business to public storage . she will make your experience miserable . i suggest storing your items somewhere you will be treated like a valued customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wish i could put negative 50 stars , this place is horrible . they never have carts available as they are always locked a hard to get a key for , staff is very rude and not helpful whatsoever ... find another place they are too expensive and inconvenient in every way possible when storing your personal belongings", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a very clean facility . the management is friendly and helpful , and the rates are reasonable . we got a better rate by signing up online -- and when we needed to make a change , the management was very helpful and did that for us . we only needed the storage for a short time , and the process of discontinuing with them was easy and fast . i highly recommend this public storage facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only giving 1 star because the office staff are nice people , although not quite professional ! the property was well maintained when i first moved in almost a year ago , however that is not the case anymore ! ! also , what good is the security , if the office staff finds the doors open and shrug their shoulders and walk away without at least trying to rectify the situation ? with that said , i will let the following pictures speak for themselves . please note that upon asking if the facility was sprayed - pest control- i was given a firm , `` no ! ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my move in experience with shelly ( the new manager - apparently she just took over three weeks ago ) was very good . she was very friendly , showed me the unit i was leasing and also how to get in the building , etc . a couple of critiques : - they seem a little understaffed ... the door to their retail leasing area was locked during hours ( staff were out and about doing tasks on property ) , but they came back as promised at the time listed on the door . another critique would be their full price . the full price for my unit at $ 68 seemed high , but i got a good deal during a sale , so i wo n't complain about that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is perfect for what we need . right price and great security . jeff did a great job setting us up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place to store your items in the west valley this is the place ! ! ! we moved cross country in the middle of the az summer with our entire house . you ca n't beat the indoor climate control and cleanliness of these units . the pricing was great as well . jeff was very helpful before we arrived as well as during our 5 months there ! ! security is top notch as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today we went to rent a unit and the staff there are very friendly and helpful . the place it self is very nice kept clean . thanks a lot al and jeff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does n't look much from the outside , but once you get in it 's well stocked with a good variety of products . it sort of doubles up as a newsagents , yet still retains its claim to being a specifically polish shop . it not only sells the normal british newspapers and magazine , but polish ones too . further , it provides real polish vodka and other delicacies , including pre-packaged makowiec which is a pretty tasty looking cake with poppy seeds . the service is friendly and welcoming , and the shop , although relatively small , has a light and airy feel to it . in my opinion , polish mini market 's main virtue is the balance it attains between being an accessible newsagents and a unique provider of polish produce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i felt more awkward in this deli than any asian ethnic specialty food store i 've been to . it was clearly a place for members of the polish community . that being said , the staff was helpful and pleasant , and the prices were right ! i had been recommended to this store by a housemate , and it did not disappoint . it has a selection of kielbasa , cheeses , pickles , mustards and many other packaged goods all at good prices . everything i got today was incredibly tasty and i look forward to stopping in again to try more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not polish . but if i was and living in edinburgh , polish mini market would be a good pit stop if i needed any convenience food from back home . although it 's not that big inside , it sells a wide range of polish delicacies , polish brands and polish biscuits . you can pick up anything from bags of pasta to microwave meals and polish fruit and diluting juices . the staff are really friendly and they have a supply of polish newspapers and magazines . a handy newsagents for people who have moved here , but also seems to attract a number of edinburgh locals . why ? because it 's a well priced newsagents and whispers polish chocolate is amazing . keep that info to yourself , you do n't want their supplies to run out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stay here very often because i work right near by . the rooms are a little bit dated , but the new tvs as of a few months ago are nice . the rooms are clean , and the morning breakfast is basic ... . the price is very good , and the customer service is great . my only complaint about this place is that some of the hallways have a weird smell that i 'm not fond of . everything else is good . oh , and the wi-fi needs a major upgrade , just like nearly every marriott i 've stayed at . i 'll continue staying here on business trips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here last month ( march 2015 ) and it is just other people 's opinion about this place but i had an amazing experience with towneplace suites . the staff was overly friendly and took me to all my appointments at the mayo clinic - i stayed here for 2 weeks . there is not one bad thing i can say about them . i wish i remembered the staff 's names but everybody was great and my room was great , the kitchenette was wonderful and housekeeping was friendly . the business center was accessible , i was able to use the computer and print for free ( compare to other places ) and they have a nice snack area to buy things . the week i was there , they had a coldstone ice cream social which was very nice . not sure what others were expecting with their reviews but for a continental breakfast , a studio suite , shuttle to take you places anywhere in a 5 mile radius was just what i needed . they even took me to the grocery store near by and helped bring in my groceries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good option if you 're in need of an extended stay hotel . the rooms feel a little cramped , but do offer queen sized bed , stove , fridge , and free internet . there 's also free breakfast in the morning ( juice and bagels ) and a basic gym . i came as a business traveler and it did n't feel like a great match for me , but if you 're temporarily homeless and need something for under $ 100 night , this will work for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so my a c dies in the middle of summer , perfect timing . of course when dealing with vendors for the home warranty company there is no incentive to get things done quickly . thus here i am for nearly a week with my two dogs . the front desk staff have been amazing and accommodating - given i do n't know when my a c will actually get fixed so i do n't actually know when i 'll be checking out . i highly recommend towneplace suites they 'll make your stay as comfortable as they can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't listen to others that complain about the townplace suites . this is a great place for the money . i have n't even left the hotel yet and i 'm writing this great review . we have a 2 bedroom suite . it has 3 tvs , a pull out couch , and full kitchen . the staff has been extremely friendly and the house keepers even do your dishes . yes ... it may be a bit outdated , but who cares ? it is pretty cheap and you get a whole bunch of space . nice big tub with hot water . the free breakfast is about average . i stay at many hotels and it is about what i expected , especially for the price of the room-we should be lucky we get anything at all . anyway , nice job townplace suites ! this will be the only place i stay when coming to visit my mom in az . my parents are also realtors here , and i have already suggested they tell all their clients about this hotel . very happy with my room . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointing . i think the good reviews led to my disappointment but upon check in got my room key and headed to my building . opened the door to a bag of garbage and a trail of garbage from it like someone dragged a garbage bag across the floor , lost some of it , and left it at the entrance door . then got to my room and it smelled horribly of curry . the front desk switched my room which smelled much better but i still felt that the hotel could be cleaner . the room above me was so loud , kids running and banging . not a relaxing stay . probably the worst marriott i have stayed at . staff was super friendly and helpful and accommodating but the property was not one i will return to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the staff was great from the time i called in the phone several times til the time my family arrived.kudos to feliz for being so awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never stayed at a towmplace suites before and since the week i stayed in tempe was spring break it was a tad bit difficult to book a hotel room . this was the only hotel that had a room available even with my marriott status . it is a smaller version of the residence inn with a small kitchen . i am not complaining at all , the front desk person was the most helpful though giving me directions to the nearest whole foods market etc . and because of my platinum status with marriott she gave me free items in the marketplace , much appreciated . so . with that said , it is a good option if you are a business traveler and if you are traveling to a busy city with limited hotel rooms available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from a business traveler perspective : 1 . hotel looks a bit dated . 2 . free breakfast means some muffins and dispenser oj . with a warm breakfast of bread and eggs . 3 . room itself was pretty small for an extended stay room . 4 . wireless worked well and not complicated to connect . 5 . water pressure was good for the 3rd floor . overall an `` ok '' place to stay but i find the price per quality ratio on the losing end . i wouldnt want to stay here with my wife and kids ... but for business ? it got the job done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very slow internet.. bathrooms need a remodel . well below average quality for a marriott property with above average price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay , i am a marriott fan , and used to great marriott service . meeting the family in scottsdale for thanksgiving , 6 of us , so we had 2 two bedroom suites . solid hotel , not the ritz , but perfect for the six of us . great marriott service , clean and efficient and quite reasonable with breakfast and coffee throughout the day included . in a nice convenient area of scottsdale , many attractions and dining choices close by . as always , besides cleanliness , superior customer service and pleasant staff such as kim and all at the front desk were great representatives of superb customer service , kudos to the breakfast staff and housekeeping staff , top notch even giving up their own thanksgiving to take care of the guests . marriott is a solid brand , and this economical choice of the brand does not disappoint , will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it gets the job done if you 're a business traveler . i stayed in the studio . small tv positioned so you have to watch from the couch . tiny shampoo containers good for two showers if you squeeze really hard . no vendor machines but they have a store which sells product at a large markup . ice cube dispenser that gives you 4 cubes at a time as if they were of a very high value and the hotel did n't want to give it up . it does n't look or feel like a marriott . the fitness center is a very tiny room that fits one treadmill one stepper and a little weight rack . the pool is quite small . i 've seen nicer days inns and motel 6s . no free shuttles to anywhere . so what is good , the staff , the rooms are clean . no bedbugs . i just expected more from marriott .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a thoroughly mediocre hotel . the staff is friendly and helpful . unfortunately , the whole place reeked of cheap deodorizer ( that cheap hotel smell ) . there was also a brand new shower curtain in my room which smelled of plastic . when i opened my window to air out the room , cigarette smoke would often waft in since the designated smoking spot was about 10 feet from my window . i 'd warn against this place if you 're sensitive to strong smells . the room is spacious and the kitchen area was nicer than i expected . i 'd hoped for a bit more from the bed ( mattress and pillows were too hard , covers were too thin ) but it was n't terrible . overall , this was a very average hotel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband travels a lot and spends over one hundred nights a year at marriotts around the world , and this is the worst marriott he has ever stayed . the hotel was obviously one of their older properties but that does n't necessarily mean it will be a bad hotel . the first room they gave us smelled of urine and was dirty . the hotel is run down , complete with stained carpets , faded old furniture ... .. just dirty ! ! when my husband complained to the gentleman at the front desk , he was asked if he wanted to check out . we had been traveling all day and were exhausted . after some complaining another room was suddenly available . the room was clean enough to sleep in but the smell of air freshener carpet cleaner was overwhelming ! do not stay at this hotel ! ! we are loyal marriott customers and this is the first negative review i have ever written ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "spent two nights there over a weekend in a two bedroom suite . my bed was soft and uncomfortable while the other bed was just ok . the front door lock was not full functional when we arrive but we made due . the staff was excellent , the included breakfast unremarkable . i would stay there again if there where no other options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a very old hotel . the carpets in the hotel are filthy , old . the people that work there are very nice and accommodating . there was limited hot water in my room . the bed is comfortable actually the rooms are better than the hotel surroundings.they serve breakfast but for me it was not edible unless you want a piece of fruit or a yogurt . i would n't stay again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this property is as described . it is an older property . hopefully you will find as i do that the staff is wonderful across the board . -- the breakfast portion of your stay better than average offerings of comparison . -- the inclusive wifi was not working at first on my mac . tech support managed this immediately and in minutes . -- the inclusive shuttle service is so important if you are coming here for medical reasons . -- the proximity to a gas station , grocery store ( s ) , marshalls , as well as many restaurants if excellent . -- its landscape if beautiful with looming gorgeous palm trees . -- this property offers a commercial grade stainless bbq for the use of its guests located down by the pool . to give this property anything less than a 5 for its category is foolish to me . they aim to be of service here . they succeed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very nice property for what it is . it is a little old and worn but the extraordinarily friendly staff more than make up for it . location is so-so for tourist activities but easy freeway access helps . if i were rating the staff only it would be five stars . went for final four and this was for more affordable than in old scottsdale , downtown , etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "second stay here , just as good as the first time twelve years ago . in fact is even better than before . the staff is friendly , property well maintained and clean as a whistle . well appointed rooms with modern amenities , free wifi and breakfast bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm currently staying at this hotel . it 's not too dirty and the bathroom is fine but the air conditioner does n't work whatsoever and the room constantly smells like burning wire or something like that . the scent will go away but return and it 's disgusting . it seems weird that the pool is so small and the air conditioning does n't work considering the fact that this is in arizona where temperatures can get up to 115 . we have a queen size bed ( hard as a rock ) and a pull out couch ( can feel all the springs ) . we are looking for another hotel to finish our stay but ca n't find anything this cheep . only reason for 2 stars is price . they definitely need to do some work on this hotel . i will not be staying here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was great ! the man behind the counter was friendly and explained what each pastry was with each unpronounceable name . we got this double vanilla custard cream thing with a wonderful flaky top and the best deal going on a package of day old rolls that tasted fresh the next day . fabulous and i am already trying to find an excuse to make the drive ack over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place i go to almost every other day . it 's awesome because the bread is fresh and it smells soooo good inside . you can choose from the cakes they have or ask them what days they are making any specialty cakes . my favorite things are baklava , spinach pita , cheese pita or burkek ( meat pita ) and of course the bread . its not only one type of bread , as they truly have a variety , you can choose from bread rolls , french bread , regular bread , pretzels etc . they make it fresh everyday or you can opt out for one day old bread and save some money . i love this place and i feel like i am back in europe when i go here . they can get to know you by name if you come here all the time . in europe its normal to talk about your family , so feel free to chat if the place is not too busy . 5 stars all the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a small assortment of pastries and breads made fresh and with obvious love for quality product . while located far from where live , we like to drop in before our favorite pastry ( which i am not disclosing , so as to have less competition ) , disappears . the breads are all good . try getting to the place early , as stuff disappears by the end of the day . there is a small selection of bottled canned drinks as well , so if your desire to eat something can not be contained , you 'll have something to wash all the goodness down with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hvala lijepo balkan bakery for making my order of zeljanica extra special . the bakery really did me a huge favor as i wanted to surprise a friend who loves zeljanica for her birthday and unfortunately i have not mastered the art of making them myself ... yet . enter balkan bakery . i ordered 5 of them on saturday afternoon for pickup sunday afternoon and not only did he make them for me , but cut them so that they were enough to feed about dozen people . they were a huge hit ( as i knew they would be ) and my friend was so happy . so again hvala lijepo ! ! i will be back for more soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy breads , pastry and fresh baked goods ! what a find ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being from england , i am used to bread made freshly in the local bakers ... balkan bakery makes the bread daily on the premises ( you can actually see them doing it ) , and it is awesome ! they make from several flours , white , whole wheat , rye , seven grain , etc ... in various shapes & sizes . they also offer some ethnic food items that are bakery based , some savory and some sweet , including the best tiramisu i have ever had . highly recommend them , need to get there in the early am though as they sell out fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great balkan food and baked goods . i love the family environment ! visiting this bakery is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best rye bread & best baguette in town . on second thought , best bakery in town ! bureks , tiramisu , samuns and the pastries are all fabulous ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their bread , always baked fresh , has quit a variety , family owned business , very nice people , all of their breads are very good , i usually also get the spinach and cheese pastry there that they sell as well , it 's amazing ! tip : they are closed on mondays and if you go later in the afternoon it 's always good to call ahead and make sure they still have specific bread available because they sell out quick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my brother dragged me here with him early one sunday morning for a quick breakfast . the bureks are delicious - the spinach feta one is the best , and it is huuuuge - very satisfying for breakfast , and i am a monster about eating a large breakfast ! the only thing i did n't care for was the baklava - perhaps a little too moist and honeyed for my personal tastes . edit i just received a message from one of the owners ? who told me they actually do n't use honey on the baklava , but a boiled water sugar mix they pour over the baklava once it gets out of the oven . there you have it . i would come back for a breakfast burek and to try some of their bread . got ta love a small local bakery !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bakery in phoenix ! ! ! family owned and they are really nice . make it a priority to come to balkan bakery . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! got all 3 of the bureks - spinach , cheese and meat - love the meat ! but all spectacular ! great people too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am pleased with the care my husband is receiving tonight in er . i am highly dissapointed he was placed in a psych room . of all the buildings carle keeps adding on . especially the new er part , we get placed in a psych room . i think that is completly unacceptable . for an establishment that does not even pay property taxes yet i do and my husband does . on top of paying insurance and bills to carle and getting placed into a psych room with camera in it at that ! i am so glad it was my husband and he did not have to take more off than his shirt . please look into fixing this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the best hospital , this is the only hospital that one can seek help ( the others are far worse ) and the hospital knows this , and therefore can take advantage of patients . my son sees an er doctor today who spends 30secs and leaves . seriously ! but what choice does one have . if he mis-diagnosed , which he probably did since he did n't do any x-rays , cat scan , or even a simple viral test ( all btw are required before the diagnosis he gave ) , i do not have trust in the doctor , and hence neither the hospital . ca n't wait to get out of here . please consider holding off any procedures if possible rather than risk getting ripped off and poor quality diagnosis here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "landmark review : this is not a review of the hospital or service , but a review of the location . located in the basement is a well stocked cafeteria with a wide selection of food items from pre-packaged salads sandwiches to hot cafeteria line that provides burgers and other hot foods . in the first floor you have the coffee shop that serves up sandwiches , coffee , and soup . throughout the year there is special sales in the breezeway where you can buy gifts and trinkets for your loved ones . located off the main hospital is the auxillary shop where you can buy donated items that benefits the carle house which is a place where patient 's families can stay if they have come a long distance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the most horrible experience with them . my baby girl was born healthy earlier this month , but because of the carelessness of a nurse , she was sent to nicu for 5 days . complained to their patient relations liaison and got a standardized reply , basically saying that they were doing nothing wrong . they also `` encouraged `` us to follow up the manager of the nursery if any further question , but never provided any contact information . only gave it one star because zero was n't an option .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the doctors at carle are great doctors . my primary is a carle doctor ! nonetheless , i would never come to the er here unless it was literally life or death . one such occasion , the situation was pretty bad so i walked over to the er . they just shove you in a room and forget about you and then send you home . to make matters worse , the billing department is way too trigger happy with sending your bill to collections . i had a bill that i was making payments on . next thing i know its sent to collections . carle , if you want your money , stop with the old fashioned paper bill and seriously upgrade the mycarle billing so that you get email reminders when a bill is ready . also a little notification other than a single phone call when i 'm at work would be nice when you decide to pull the trigger on my bill !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is probably the best hospital in the champaign-urbana area . the nurses are super friendly and the hospital is very clean and very well maintained .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much for taking care of my mom in the er , icu and cardiac unit . your staff was so patient and kind . a huge thank you to dr. paul for his excellent bedside manner ! respiratory therapy and physical therapy were outstanding as well ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used their online check-in to avoid waiting once i arrived . it quoted 35 minutes and said to arrive 10 minutes early to finish filling out my information . i still ended up waiting 35 minutes to be seen . what a waste of time . what 's the point of online early check in ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend went to this clinic because she had been sick for two weeks . she was starting to have trouble breathing as well as ear pain . they quoted her $ 79- $ 99 telling her the higher price is if she gets any testing done . 1 ) they merely took her vitals and still charged her $ 99 . 2 ) the doctor prescribed her an antibiotic telling her it would help her cough and ear pain . it did neither . 3 ) when her breathing got worse she tried calling the clinic but got the run around with a call center . eventually someone told her they were n't allowed to give the direct number to the clinic but that they would pass along the message . no one called until they were closing . 4 ) she went in to speak to someone and they told her she would have to pay to be seen again . just like the other review , they take advantage of people who do n't have insurance ! i suggest going to 59th ave and greenway to the ouch urgent care . those people are great !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "79- $ 99 just for a strep throat swab . they 'll probably want my butt 's virginity next . taking advantage of uninsured people . what in the hell is wrong with this country .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well no one in line and the person is sitting on the computer googling ... um last i check you should do your job ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 3.759 for 91 octane gas ( 2 23 11 ) versus a qt on 19th avenue near the 101 at $ 3.359 on 2 24 11 . are scottsdale fuel taxes 40 cents more than phoenix ? i will not gas up at this location anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shell stations in scottsdale , especially this one , are plain and simple , a complete rip-off . i assume they are all the same franchise owner . thanks , but no thanks . i 'd rather run out of gas and have to call aaa to gim me a gallon than buy from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this gas station has gigantic lanes , which is weird because it 's located in the heart of a north scottsdale residential area . there 's not a lot of semi-truck traffic here , but it looks like it could easily accommodate them . the price of gas is slightly higher than other gas stations in the area . there 's a convenience store located on premises . since it 's sunk down a little below street level , i oftentimes forget it 's here ... .so i rarely frequent this place . at night the lanes are well lit , so it feels very safe . overall , it 's a pretty good gas station . return factor - 70 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been really disappointed with the shell stations in scottsdale . this is the location near my home and i would say 60 % of the time , the majority of the pumps are out of order - sometimes with bags over them , sometimes they just give you an error . a different shell a couple miles away has the same issues and its automatic car wash did not work .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "shell is the one brand that i continue to come back to regularly . this location is convenient to the library and the stores over on flw . i find that i 've started to price shop and shell is still one of the places the does well . if you live in the nosoo area the only competitor is circle k .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friggin gas here is always way overpriced from the rest of the valley ! it 's almost criminal . they sell a bunch of other crap inside ... . standard convenience store fare . i live nearby and this place is `` convenient '' ... so i allow myself to be ripped off . shame on me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice and clean , but way overpriced ( along with all of the superpumper shell stations in the area . go to fry 's or valero on 90th st north of via linda or to costco on hayden for normal gas prices that are $ 0.15 to $ 0.40 cheaper depending on what 's going on with gas prices at the time . as an example , there was a $ 0.24 difference on 8 20 16 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped by here around 2pm to buy telera for the tortas . they were all sold out pretty much by then . bummer . i was surprised as it is a bakery after all , and they close at 8:30pm . i did n't think i 'd be running into that problem . managed to scrounge up last 4 pieces of telera . since it was my first time in the shop , i was intrigued by a few mexican pastries in the cases and also wanted to know if they carried pumpkin empanadas . the cashier seemed very rushed and eager to return to the back of the shop and not interested in helping me . limited pastry options ( a few donuts , generic mexican cookies , empanadas , cakes ) but good prices on the items i got : 4 telera , 1 donut , 1 cookie , 1 bolillo for 2 something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my guatemalan friend brought a tres leches cake to work for a potluck about five years ago . ever since then , i 've been hooked on this panaderia ( bakery ) . i 've ordered this cake for numerous birthdays and everyone 's been very happy with it . it is a very rich cake that can be made with seasonal fresh fruit like strawberries . yummy ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "twice i have ordered from this place and both times they have screwed up . one cake was for a quince\u00f1era and the other for a birthday party . the problem with this bakery is n't their cakes . it 's the people working there . with the birthday cake they did n't provided any form of resolving the problem that would provide a happy customer in the end . and whoever i was talking to had the audacity to call me a liar . do not order your cakes from this place ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my daughters baptism this past weekend . my comadre said she would give me the cake ... i didnt really know where a panaderia was around our area . long story short she bought the cake at la antigua & omg this cake was finger licking good ! everyone at the party wanted seconds ! i will now have to go & try their mexican bread . very satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes good cakes . but the customer service is terrible the women that work there act like they are doing you a favor as if you 're no paying a single dime for your order . they do n't greet you they only acknowledge you if you talk to them and they can be rude ! ! ! even though the cakes are good i do n't go here unless i absolutely have to like if it 's a last minute thing . i rather go to kick ass cakes which is more expensive but the quality and service is great better as far as cakes ! ! or la purisima which is a few miles further north . cakes are good . but do n't expect to be treated good here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered a cake from here for my daughters 2nd birthday with pinapple peach and nuezes which is really good and when i went to pick up it was fast and nothing qrong with my order !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first time i have purchased a cake from this bakery . i ordered a father 's day cake the day before asking if i could place an order to pick up next day at 3 , they said yes . it was a half sheet and they told me they were only making them tres leches ... so we did n't even get to pick the flavor , like ok ? i wanted the accents to be blue with `` happy fathers day '' written on the face of the cake . we got there at 3pm and there was a jungle of people there . i waited an hour for my cake , ready at 3pm lol yeah riiight that was a bad joke . after waiting look at what they had the audacity to present ... not to mention this cake was $ 70 ! ! ! it 's a plain cake with dollar store plastic on it . seriously kms . sad ! ! ! no mamen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again ! ! i walked in and 3 staff were behind the counter but not 1 of them greeted me . i was the only customer in the bakery and stood there for almost 10 minutes while all 3 staff ignored me . i asked twice if they were still open ( it was an hour before closing ) and no one even answered me ! one girl just stared at me . i finally walked out as a man and his son walked in . before i had started my car the man walked back out , cake in hand . i 'm not sure if they only sell to people they know it if the problem is i am white , but i will never go back and discourage anyone else from going either ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first and last time ordering from this horrible place . i made a phone order and asked for my cake to be purple and add extra strawberries ( with extra charge ) and they gave me a white cake with 4 strawberries ! ! but it looks like i am not the only one that has had a problem . they do whatever they want , not even caring about their customers ! ! when i called to tell them about my cake the lady had the audacity to yell at me and say she was not going to do anything because she did not have the order in front of her since this was a phone order . are you kidding me ? i paid extra for something i did n't even get . bad bad customer service . do not waste your time or money here and save yourself the trip . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good bread and tres leches cake but if you want a cake for a special event they suck at decorating the cake , , , really bad costumer service", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cake was so delicious , beautiful and . decent price was a hit with everyone . 3 layers gone , 1st layer tres leches with cajeta y nuez , second layer tres leches with cajeta and peach , third layer tres leche cajeta , pi\u00f1a y coco ( favorite )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this park is really clean and quiet ! it feels extremely family & pet friendly . you feel safe here ! it 's nice to take a walk with your pet or play with your family . it 's good exercise and a nice way to get away from the buzz of the busy city . there are a lot of surrounding neighborhoods , and the area is pretty close to the mountainside . it 's really an oasis ; a home away from home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this park is awesome . it is always clean and there is plenty of shade . i love bringing my dog here and kids whenever i can find them . they have a great play area it is also great for picnics and seems to be very safe . it is usually families or moms with their kids . i do not see a lot of local crazies walking around this park . they have a basketball court different kids plat areas depending on age group and tons of picnic tables .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this park is part of my community and i am so happy it is . i run and walk the loop and there are actually 2 parks on vista drive and they are both pretty cool . the parks are always so clean . i 've used the bathroom before and it was surprisingly clean . they have everything you could really want ; sprinklers , bbq 's , picnic tables , playground , etc . it 's a really nice place , and there 's usually plenty of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new addition to this great neighborhood park . they opened a new pool this summer offering all the amenities with it . it is in a prime location just off park vista dr. good time for everyone to cool off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the vistas park it 's clean , green , and quiet . located in a nice summerlin area not that far from red rock casino . they have basketball and tennis courts , football and baseball fields with scoreboards , a pavilion with many picnic tables , bbq areas , and play ground for the kids . it 's also lighted . i always see people here but it 's never that busy and has lots of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a beautiful and well planned park . just moved back to vegas and this place was n't here when i lived here so now coming from los angeles a park like this with a pool , play ground , tons of grass and community center is just decadent . so well maintained . kids took swim lessons over summer break . for residents it was $ 70 for a 2 week session which is a smokin deal . instructors are effective and all very nice . public swim hours until 8pm . which in this 109 degree summer heat is the only time to go enjoy the playground after an evening swim . complete with showers outdoors , clean bathrooms and tons of parking . in my opinion this is the best pool in summerlin and central too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very well maintained park . i come here for the basketball court and football field . this is one of the only courts in really good condition from the actual surface to the rims . for whatever reason so many courts in vegas are slippery which is very dangerous in such a fast-paced game like basketball . the football field is also standard , but is open to the public ( unlike many high schools ) and has that small town feel to it without the bleachers . i wish it was a little closer to my house , but it 's a nice escape nestled into a subdivision on the way to red rock canyon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off the picture for this park is incorrect . that picture shows one of the tower parks in the vistas . not the vistas park itself . this park really shines ! literally blinding ! the maintenance is superb . always clean & the grass is always green ( when it 's not summertime ) . the park is always full of people ! joggers . ballers , mothers ! they 're here ! watching little league , tennis-a-racketing , football fieldin , bar-b-qin ' ! this park 's got it all . downside was that the lights were off at 10pm ! c'mon , it 's summertime , & i 'm still active ! : ]", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great park in the nw part of town . i 've only been here in the evenings for the past couple of weeks for my boot camp classes , so ca n't comment on what the park looks like in daylight ! from what i can tell , the park is well-maintained and boasts ample picnic tables . the restrooms are clean and well-lit . nice play area for kids with that cool `` spongy '' matting and big fields for football , ultimate , etc . yay for urban green areas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a clean , semi-quiet park . i bring my golden retriever here often and it 's completely dog friendly . weekends and after school hours it 's always busy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really enjoy going to this park . so well manicured , landscaped . very quiet , never crowded . there 's playground for the kids , tennis and basketball courts . they just completed a new clubhouse , with swimming pool and play area . it should be opening soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great neighborhood park ! it has a football field , tennis courts , basketball courts and a great walking trail . it also has playgrounds for the kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and safe park elevated in foothills of vegas so a bit cooler as well . nice at night to occupy the kids", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a gorgeous park ! it had a lot of grass area for kicking or throwing around a ball , playing tag with kids or just having a picnic with the family . there 's two sections of playground ; one for big kids and one for toddlers . they 're both equipped with slides , rock climbing and more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great park to bring the kids and play i live in the vistas i enjoy going there with my kids ... high recommend ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great park , i come here a few times a week to walk my dog . the park is always very clean and very safe anytime of the day or night . i highly recommend this park to anyone looking for a place to just sit and relax , walk your dog or spend time with your family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am glad that the city made a clean , beautiful park . i came here today to take a walk and be outside . it is only less than 5 miles from where i live . there are football field , basketball , and tennis courts ! there is a gazebo with bbq pits and several benches and picnic tables . also walking trail and a big playground for the kids . i will be back for the tennis courts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a beautiful park ! green grass , very clean & very calm . would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome park . feel very safe there . very clean . nice manicured lawns , nice playground , and nice court .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will stay away from this tire shop at all cost ! ! ! ordered the tires and waited for three days and never delivered , never trust a word this guy `` john '' says , will promise you everything and at the end you are just wasting your own time , will not even waste time , go anywhere else would be a better experience . be warned ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible experience ! guy showed up at 10am on saturday to unlock the doors when i had a 9am appointment ! i sat in a waiting room that had no heat for an hour and a half . he finally came up to tell me it was finished , asked how i was paying and when i said mastercard , he responded with no , our system is down . only cash . who the has $ 1000 cash on them . he could 've told me their system was down before i sat there all morning . i offered to leave the card number so he could run it when the system was back up . no , would n't let me leave with my new tires . i asked him to put my old tires back on and i left empty handed . worst service ever . do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found this small little gem of a tire shop in woodbridge from their kijiji ad . i was looking for cost effective tires for my son 's car and found their prices to be very reasonable . within minutes of us arriving , and agreeing on the price , the car was up on a hoist and the tires being changed . other than being a small shop with not much of a waiting area we hung around the back watching the owner joe do the work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "scam artists . they very methodically upsell you from the start to the finish from the time they walk in the door until they leave . the did their `` basic service '' which i set up with them which they did nothing anyway . the basic service is a way for them to have an `` in '' to start their upsell process . i definitely would not recommend these guys to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no stars ! ! ! please report this company through bbb and livingsocial if you bought a voucher ! this guy is belligerant , bullying tactics and maybe considered extortion in some jurisdictions to take more money and takes your voucher and does zero work ( if he collects voucher , that is how he gets paid from living social ) . please report to the az attorney general , there is no business license nor does he have any proof of insurance when he enters your home . beware . look at the recent feedback .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pure air service arizona is a terrible company . they try to trick you into buying extra services that are not worth what they charge . they also damaged my ceiling and then tried to hide the damage . the man agreed to take a credit card , then said they do not accept american express- he tried to intimidate me into going to the bank to get cash that i did not have run fast from this company and do not do business with them . it appears that they also have gone under the name of tacoma air and carpet cleaning . i will be reporting them to the better business bureau as well for shoddy service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "utter rip-off . i was connected with this company because i bought a deal through living social . when they arrived , they found all kinds of dangerous situations - mold among them . they started a very hard up-sell and i declined the additional services several times , but they would not let up . i finally relented and i 'm to embarrassed to say how much they took me for . i think one of these reviewers must be a relative or friend of the business owners . do not get conned . my next communication will be with the bbb .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the men from pure air service clean my ducts . they were very professional and did the work with a minimum of disruption to my home . i would recommend this service to anyone in the area . they inspected my furnace and recommended that it be thoroughly cleaned by the maintenance men in my complex . i appreciated their alerting me that it was needing cleaning because i did n't realize that . i could n't believe how dirty my air ducts were . now i breathe clean forced air from my furnace . i was very satisfied with their work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just bought an older house and we were curious if our air duct and dryer vent needed cleaning . we called pure air service , and they were able to set up an appointment the next day . joe did a great job , answered all my questions and was extremely professional . he check our dryer vent and he pull out a lot of lint from it . pure air service is fast , honest and reasonably prices , i would definitely use them again and recommend them to family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed my air duct clean before the summer i 've been calling around the valley talking with several companies pure air was the only company that been able to schedule me on short notice michael the technician did a wonderful job showed up on time paid whatever i was quoted over the phone . would definitely recommend this company and would use this company again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my air ducts and dryer vent cleaned . my dryer vent was especially clogged and was taking multiple cycles to fully dry each load . i chose pure air service az for the competitive prices and other good reviews , and i 'm very happy with them . since the cleaning , my dryer is working more efficiently and i do n't have to run it multiple times anymore . i highly recommend pure air service az to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called to make appointment a few days ago since we had great experience the first time this was was even better . great customer service through the call center and when dealing with the tech . mike came to clean our air ducts , he checked out for leaks and also cleaned the dryer vent .great job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a reliable company with professional customer service . arrive on time and cleaned my air ducts professionally . a highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon for $ 49 duct cleaning and ended up paying $ 1400 for an elaborate deep cleaning of every vent in my house . i hope it was all necessary and done properly , i have since been reading about how these companies scam customers into adding many extras after purchasing discounted services . if that were our case i 'd be really upset as money is really tightl . the technician was very knowledgeable and polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very positive experience . joe did a great job and was very knowledgeable . would recommend and use again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joel came by today and did a deep clean on our air ducts . they have n't been cleaned in over 10 years . he did such a great job breaking everything down and worked so hard getting all the build up off ! thank you joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elad was right in time , he provides us a great cleaning service at a great affordable price ! i highly recommend his services ! definitely going to be recommending him and using his air duct cleaning services in the near future ! thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe was really helpful and taught us a lot about the air duct cleaning process . he was efficient and friendly , would definitely recommend joe and pure air !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met with the owner ( elad ) about a week ago to get an estimate on how much is gon na cost to clean my air duct . he was prompt , punctual and provided very detailed information about the service and the cost . the service was done within few hours and i must mention that when they left the house was clean and they left no mess as promised . highly recommend this company to family & friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best decision i made . with the kid on its way we were debating to do it or not to do it . after i saw how much dirt and dust is in those vents i know now i made a good decision . guys from pure air made it easy , they came in and did everything . they gave me the best price since i got other two estimates . highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elad did a great job deep cleaning all the vents ! he took the time to explain the whole process . i was nervous about the products they used in the vents . he kindly informed me that they were safe for kids and pets . he explained how he has kids and understood my concern . i would definitely recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "elad was early and spent the time at my house getting the job done right . as a new home owner it is good to know everything is now running better . i will definitely be using them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe was on time , very professional . he did a thorough job of not only cleaning my vents but also of explaining the potential problems that he encountered as he cleaned them . he also did a great job with the dryer vent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joe did an excellent job he explained what is happening and what he would do to make my dryer vent clean from my roof to my dryer and he uses the latest technology to perform his duties . i am absolutely happy and would recommend joe to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made appointment , joe came as scheduled . he was very knowledgable and showed pictures of what was going on with our hvac unit . recommended his services and even found our dryer vent to be disgustingly full of lint and clogged . wish our home inspector had found this . even fixed our return vent gate . very thankful for joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe came to our home on friday for an air duct cleaning that i purchased off living social . i knew that i needed our air ducts cleaned because my husband and i constantly wake up sneezing and congested . joe found the problem and made several recommendations . although we were not looking to spend any more money , it was necessary to correct the issues . the house smells cleaner and we are definitely breathing better . i would strongly recommend joe and this company . we will be using them again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe was very professional , he was on time , explained the problem with our dryer vent . he took his time and corrected the problem to our satisfaction , we would definitely recommend joe and pureair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called early one morning and he was here the next day with a time that fit my schedule . the owner was up front , honest , and affordable . he answered all my questions and got the job done in a timely manner even when the work was more than we planned for . he even gave recommendations for other work i needed done and those people were good too ! very happy with pure air and will be a returning customer , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we bought a groupon to have our vents cleaned . pure air came out and told us there was a bunch of mold in our vents and they could not clean the vents until the mold was cleaned out . they quoted us $ 1100 . we got another company , honest air , out to give us a second opinion , and they said the mold area was very small . he not only removed the mold , but sanitized the entire system and vacuumed it for $ 188 . he spent about 2 hours working hard to get our vents cleaned . i feel like pure air tried to `` up-sale '' us unnecessarily on our groupon . i hate dishonest companies like that . if you look and the second page of yelp reviews for this company you will see other people had the same problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent and professional service , the company came to me on such short notice and did a professional job and clean .. i 'm very close to giving birth so it was very important for me that the company will arrive as quickly as possible , jo was professional and courteous ! ! ! highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service ! we had joe come out after purchasing a groupon for us after just purchased our home ! he explained that our vents needed a deep cleaning so we would need to purchase a different plan but he looked at our dryer vent which was completely full of lent and we had him provide that service for us to clean oit . he had great customer service and has prevent a house fire ! thank you ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe serviced are dryer vent in our assisted living home . not only was he on time , but he did a fantastic job on explaining the process to us . the work was done diligently and neatly . no messes and he even put in a new dryer vent for us for free because ours was bent . we will be using pure air for our regular vent cleanings from now on . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after moving to a `` new to us home '' we wanted to be sure our dryer duct was clean to prevent a fire . joe did a great job explaining the services and being respectful of our new home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just want to make sure that my review is still noted . for some reason thought it was removed . i do see it now from yesterday regarding joe who came to our home and was fantastic . explained everything thoroughly . definitely recommend him . again , joe thank you for your services . pleasure having u here at our home . . if you need air vent cleaning , call 855-619-1711 , ask for joe . -- lenore k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had joe come to our newly purchased home and perform an inspection on our air ducts . he took a bunch of pictures and explained all his findings and was patient with all our questions and took the time to answer . that meant a lot to us . his `` after '' pictures were amazing and my wife 's allergies and asthma are sure to be improved now . joe is very knowledgeable on what he does - he 'll be our air duct cleaner going forward . thank you joe and thank you pure air service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam is fantastic ! he was prompt , courteous , and professional . he did a deep cleaning on all the ac vents and did a terrific job removing all the dryer lint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably my vote for favourite fish and chips in brampton . this and henry 's . been going here ever since mimi really did own it ( it 's other family members running it now on my last visits ) , but the fish is as good as ever . fantastic beer battered halibut that is always crispy . the key here is how consistently they deliver well battered , crispy fish cole slaw is excellent as well took a star away for the use of frozen calamari", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good food , service is a bit slow though , and there is n't a very large eating space , so this is more of a to-go type place . but overall , i would recommend it : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never knew i liked fish and chips until i tried mimi 's . every few weeks i eat their haddock , fries , and coleslaw . and every time it tastes amazing . the fish is battered perfectly , just enough to add to the flavour , but not so much that it overpowers the flavour of the fish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long time , finally ! fish & chips that are actually more fish than batter and less oily . stumbled upon this place by accident and what a good accident it was . a small place with few tables . certainly not a place to take your date . but , if it is good fish and chips you want , try it and you wo n't regret it . try the haddock while you are at it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not impressed . way over priced . 70 dollars to feed my family.. halibut was over cooked , and fries were so so at best- not even salted . no packets of ketchup , no salt.. no lemons ( at a fish n chips place ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ) and just packets of tartar sauce . truthfully , the fish the mandarin serves off the buffet is better..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "why did i love this place so much ? + free softserve icecream + loads of organic produce and bread + no high fructose corn syrup ( unless you get a soda ) + excellent spicey tortilla soup + quick , healthy and delicious + my bf got the potatoe and i could n't believe the monster ! it was 4 lbs ! it sounds like this place has improved since earlier reviews . i would go back anytime for lunch , it was great . and kids eat free on sunday 's ( so avoid it like the plauge and go another day ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live very close to jason 's deli . for a long time , i ate there at least once a week . last time i visited jason 's deli , i ordered a chicken salad wrap with tomato and found a metal staple in my food . i have not been back since ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . they stuck a small toothpick sideways hidden in sandwich . lucky i did n't choke . their cheese is left out so when they put in a salad its hard . the old owner ran that place like clockwork . this place is run like a broken watch . if i could give no stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got sent here on a tip from a friend for a good lunch deli spot.they did not disappoint , i had a turkey reuben off the healthier side of the menu . you have the option of a few different sides all of which were delightful . the selection of menu items was very extensive and the salad bar was huge . give it a try if you havent already .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our office ordered a catering order at 8am to be delivered at 12pm for a meeting and it is now 1pm . very disappointed and very unprofessional to be late for another company . sadly it was expensive and we will not be utilizing them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has consistently good food on every visit . lots of choices and really fast service ! lucky to have this so close to work . check the soup and sandwich combo . salad bar rocks too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a whim with the wifey , she has been plenty of times , however this was my first . driving by i thought this was another jimmy john 's but it is actually a casual sit down deli with a wide variety of options . i had the ruben which was very tasty , and satisfied my ruben craving without having to caugh up 15 bucks at chompies . wife got the salad bar which had a ton of options to satisfy ones healthy needs ... .plus little cornbread bites +++++ free soft serve with every meal ! i will be back for sure", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so it seems that i just went to a really bad , ghetto jason 's deli . i recently went to the mesa location and it was really good . i loved the salad bar and that they had so many healthy options , i was very pleasantly surprised ! and their multi-grain crackers are awesome . on an unhealthier note the giant baked potatoes are crazy but soo good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super delicious ! i had the cowboy deli sandwich , and it was the bomb . and they had free ice cream for when you are done ! service was great too ! although their menu is large and there are tons of options , they did have some small menus so you could take your time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to jason 's deli twice and its become one of my favorite places to eat for lunch . my personal favorite is the sante fe chicken sandwich ; i love the guacamole mixed with the bacon and chicken breast . i also like how they have complimentary soft serve ice cream as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their salad bar , it has all the classics , my favorite is the iceburg , olives , peppers , red onions , cheddar cheese , blue cheese dressing or ranch they are all good , boiled egg , cottage cheese , variety of crackers and pudding , jello , nuts you name it and at the end have a mini icecream all you can eat , and their baked potatoes are the best ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always good food and consistent ! ! ! i love the soup and deserts ! the service is quick and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife asked about the southwest chili being spicy . the man at the register offered to have her sample it . he also brought a sample of another soup that was n't as spicy for her to try . great customer experience . great tasting food . very clean . friendly staff . we will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing beef stew and reuben sandwich ! love the remodel and the very profession service . glad to be back jason deli !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had food delivered for a lunch meeting . ordered a veggie minus the cheese and they gave me a turkey wrap . no so vegan friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get salad most of the time , but i like the soup and sandwiches too . the honey mustard salad dressing has a little zing , nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to try something different , because i had never done an escape room before . it was pretty fun ! i found it very difficult and did n't even know where to start in the beginning , and needed to be guided for almost every clue . but in saying that i will definitely go back for more . it 's a fun way to spend an afternoon or evening , and then play boardgames in the game room after .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "parking : free lobby : very large , good for corporate events , parties boardgames : many price : $ 33.88 pp , up to 35 % discount for social media and large groups food : yes number of rooms : 5 rooms that can accommodate large groups ( 9+ ) : yes rooms that can be played with two people : no customer service : good games played ancient mystery ( played winter 2015 ) overall score : 3 5 difficulty ( based on 6 players ) : 4.5 5 pros : esthetically adequate , puzzles fit the theme cons : 45 minute room , took a while for someone to respond to hint system , no use of tech , some puzzles needed more direction escaped ? no , 2 hints recommended ? not for tech lovers", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to de code adventures to three times already and each experience has been a blast ! the puzzles are challenging and sometimes , you wish you had more than 45 minutes to solve them . i love to attention to detail and the fun themes of each room . room escape is tons of fun . grab a few friends and give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time at de code . i went with 5 friends , and each of us had never tried a room escape before . we did the child 's play room as the other rooms were booked and ancient mystery was unavailable . since it was our first time we had a little bit of trouble getting started but eventually started to figure things out . one of the clues was missing in the room so one of the staff members had to go and grab a replacement for us , but other than that it was set up really nicely and was lots of fun . everyone was really nice and they offer for you to stay after your 45 minutes is up to play board games , have photos taken and grab something to eat . a great experience all around and i will be back to try out the other rooms !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to find out how much of a quick thinker you really are ! great waiting lounge and friendly stuff . try to be on time ! otherwise your stuff waiting till the room frees up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a blast . came in a group of 6 and even though i struggled to keep up i was still able to have fun . only thing that 's not so good is they only have 5 games once you played them all they do n't have much else to offer . other then the board game room in the back . they has a snack menu but i did n't order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did the `` board game '' room with 8 people for my birthday . we had a lot of fun trying to figure out the room . the only thing i was a little disappointed it was the aesthetics of the room , it was a little cheap looking , so it took away from the ambiance a little bit . over all we had a lot of fun and will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should note i did n't eat anything at this visit i came for an event ( board game night with an organization ) . i have never been to a board game cafe before so i 'm not sure what i was expecting . maybe more games ? there were a few shelves that had games neatly stacked ( which was nice ) , but many of the games were confusing and not very enjoyable , especially for kids . they did have the classics , but only one of each , so i 'm not sure what they do when more than one group wants to play those . find something else i guess . overall not impressed with the selection . the space itself was decent and well suited for games + eating . it seems that this place also has the decode rooms , so that would have been cool to check out . overall i can only comment on the game room aspect and it was just okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "group of 3- we did the detriad room . a lot of the puzzles were too straightforward and fairly easy . we finished with lots of time to spare . i did like that they gave you the option of whether you wanted a clue or not . overall though , i expected more from this place given the reviews and the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly staff and well-themed rooms . there are a tonne of board games to choose from ! the only complaint i have is the limited number of rooms available , and no rooms with a horror theme . some sound ambient effects for the rooms would also be nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was an awesome experience ! ! ! this place offers challenges that will keep you on your toes till the end ! recommend this for every age group for a fun , guessing , amazing time ! ! ! ! nb", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i did a room on a date night . our only mistake was that we booked a hard room which would usually require 6-8 people and there was 2 of us , so we were n't successful . but it was a really neat experience that tested our minds ... will try again . best part of our date was actually the cafe after , which was n't all that special other than they had hundreds of board games which were a lot of fun to play while drinking coffee . in a world where we are attached to our electronic devices this was a refreshing evening as a couple where we truly unplugged and had fun together .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this de code adventures is located in mississauga , just off the 401 . lots of parking , when you get in , there are lockers on the side and you get up to the counter . they ask you to sign a liability waiver , and offer you 10 % off if you like , or follow them on social media . this was my first time doing something like this and it wo n't be my last . loved it , the manager seems very hyped up and sells the place really well - the stories are rated by level of difficulty . this was awesome ! 4 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a blast ! ! ! ! came here for a social event with work peeps . we had groups of 5 per room . i had my reservations because i was nervous i would n't be much help for my group but it was so much fun ! the place was clean , friendly staff and provided lockers for purses , phones , keys . we had an hour to crack our code and could get a hint if we were stuck . although we didnt pass ... ..it was exciting and a great time . i would love to go back and try the other rooms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second time here and it was yet another amazing time . we almost made it ! ! we will defiantly come back again . the details in each room was amazing and it was a good challenge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second visit here and i just thought i should mention how much fun i have here . the staff is super friendly , the games are challenging but fun , this is an activity that will definitely test friendships but in the best way . it definitely does n't hurt when you successfully escape the room , your ego will surely increase , which is exactly what happened last sunday ! i would certainly recommend this !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have tried a few of the rooms at decode , they have all been fairly well organized and the puzzles have been pretty straight forward . they offer discounts if you like them on facebook , book online in advance and have a group of more than 6 people . played de triad code ( cops and robbers scenerio ) with a group of people for a birthday , it was a lot of fun playing against the other team ! looking forward to trying their other rooms", "score": "4"}
{"review": "attended for a corporate function where the entire facility was reserved for our team building . i have been to pretty low budget and better scaled escaped rooms in the gta . de code ranks closer to the better scaled , as the staff was super friendly , super informative , and very clear on all the instructions . a great event , everyone had a fantastic time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a really good escape room . the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful . only downside is , this is one of the more expensive escape rooms . however , i definitely recommend it ! expensive for a reason ! ! ! you do get discounts for checking in on facebook , and booking online etc . i could n't actually book online , because my card kept getting rejected , but they still honored us the discount which was very nice ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "de code is one of my favourite room escapes in the gta . the facility is really spacious and a lot of work is put into making the entire place seem inviting . the waiting and board games area are both spacious , well-lit and clean , which some of de code 's competitors can not claim . the room we were in also gave the same impression of being polished and well-presented . decorations were in abundance without seriously distracting from the puzzles . the challenge itself was as fiendishly difficult as advertised . we were n't even close to saving the world . whoops . my group really appreciated the free drink and photo memento you receive afterward ( if you like or check in on facebook or something ) . the photo was taken with some fun props , then printed and put into a very spiffy room-themed frame while you wait and down your drink and play board games . we 're definitely looking at coming back to collect the other photo frames !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alec lupovici is my dentist and he is great . elena is my favorite dental technician hygenist ? after having my widsom teth out many years ago i experienced high anxiety about going to the dentist . queen street dental care was fantastic about taking the time needed to help me feel comfortable and not scared about having dental work done . all of the ladies at the front are nice and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there because i had an emergency with one of my molars which needed to be extracted , and an acquaintance recommended the dental office . i made an appointment but they did n't allow me to chose the dentist . so i was assigned dr. lupovic . he was rough with my mouth and did n't seem to have any concern about my well being . even the nurse was surprised by how crude his methods where . everything he did hurt a lot , i have had other work done in my teeth but this was the worst . he was n't even able to spot the cavity in my molar i had to tell him where it was . i 've seen veterinariants extract teeth with more care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for lunch , which is the only time they have ayce ... come on guys , you know this . i do n't mess with a la carte and a la carte do n't mess with me . they had a very small selection but the pluses were : - very little rice in the maki - yum - dynamite rolls sooo fweeesh - coconut shrimp get in my belly - deep fried squid , you sexy beast . - spicy salmon maki with sauce squished in between two salmons inside the maki . ! ? ! ? ! ? - pop included in price - fast service , nice service would defo come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to ginza finch and ginza thornhill for the past 12 years at least . this place has never let me down when it comes to sushi or non sushi items . the quality is fresh , the rolls are innovative . the product is not too overpriced and now due to their resounding success , the owners have renovated both locations and opened a third at bay and bloor and made all the spaces super funky and modern with fusica and white . while you should go for the sushi , the ramen or soba noodle soups are great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are no longer a sushi bar ... just order by menu . that said , the renovation has made the place look amazing , and the sushi chef is the same . fresh sushi for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , prices are reasonable and the food is consistently high quality . highly recommend ! i usually get the dinner for two for my husband and i which is more than enough food for 2 ppl . cost is $ 28 and comes with a dragon roll , assorted sashimi , fried rice , miso , salad , chicken teryiaki , and shrimp veg tempura , and ice cream . sushi portions are generous . for take out , pay cash and get 10 % off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have pretty good sushi ! i love their spider roll . the sashimi is pretty fresh however , the quality is not the high-end japanese raw fish ! in considering the price that they charge you though , it 's pretty descent ! the reason why i eat at this restaurant is because it 's close by . i think that japanese restaurant owned by chinese people is still missing some sort of traditional japanese entrees .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't see much in terms of variety in this place , so i ordered with what i saw . i went for the lunch specials , and i must say they 're not that bad . the miso soup was a bit salty though , and my grandparents did complain about that . the sashimi was quite fresh , i admit . wish the pieces were bigger though , it is n't exactly worth the $ 15+ i spent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service here is fantastic ! the place is designed with pink detailings which is perfect for ladies night out . the location is the only downside as it is in a dingy looking plaza at bayview and finch with not much to offer . i always order the moscow roll . very good . fried goodness on the outside with a mix of raw fish in the roll topped with spicy sauce . they now also serve ayce menu which i have yet to try , but their welcoming service always make me feel at home even if i just order take-out . they really are more into quality than quantity , as the rolls are on the pricier side . i`m not to sure if their ayce menu will be served under the same standard though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all you can eat for $ 14 lunch . good portions an surprisingly fresh . nice to see they include salmon sashimi on their all you can eat menu . service was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have 2 sashimi 's for lunch ayce . thats about the only good thing i can say about this place . i hate that they have too much rice on their sushi and roll that it actually felt like i have been ripped off . it 's not a bad place but there are other much better places . i will never come back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had this one young lady server who was perfect ! came around at the perfect times , not too much , not too little , was observant and polite and so sweet and smiley . i would go back for her alone but hey , good news , food is great and reasonably priced too ! safe to say i was impressed and will return soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a regular customer here for years , before it renovated and became a chain , and i can honestly say that it 's still my favourite japanese restaurant . the interior is absolutely beautiful , with classy lighting and decor . this place has a really nice cozy , upscale ambience without having to resort to high prices . the servers are very attentive and friendly ( +1 for speaking fluent cantonese and english ! ) . the best part , though , is the food ! although some people might have reservations about eating raw fish ( sashimi ) , there 's nothing to worry about here ; the sashimi is consistently very high quality and impeccably cleaned . i 'd say that most of the japanese items on their menu are pretty much safe choices -- you 'll want to try their udon and sashimi . i 've only tried a couple of thai dishes from their menu , and though they are n't as good as their japanese ones , they are still above average and worth trying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , i really like a lot of their dishes rolls . been going here for a number of years before the other locations , and when they had only storefront . going to ayec might have reduced quality a little to be honest . i miss their shrimp sashimi special ( 1 lb for $ 7 when you order a minimum $ order ) i would say though their dynamite tempura shrimp rolls are below par . it is as if they prepare the shrimp in the morning and store it in the fridge and use it throughout the day . it 's never crispy ... i would still go here for a quick meal , but not for amazing sushi . great service though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad , but not great . we came for dinner and one thing that really caught my eye was a $ 8 bento box . whaaat ? ! the quantity was a lot , especially for the price . the quality was okay . nothing to write home about . the salmon teriyaki was a bit dry , but the sushi was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've enjoyed using firehouse for piercings in the past and have had really good experiences there . as far as tattooing goes , it 's been a hit and a miss . both my sister and mom have been tattooed at this shop and my sister 's tattoo looks incredible ! unfortunately only two out of three of my mom 's tattoos turned out . the last tattoo she got here was severely messed up . she 'll have to get it fixed - and hopefully at a different place or by another artist . overall , i 'd go back for more piercings , but any tattoo i get in the future will be done somewhere else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gary just finished my wisconsin tattoo moments ago and i could not be more pleased ! i am so incredibly thrilled with how it turned out . i am very glad i decided to check out firehouse here in stoughton . i will definitely be a regular and i ca n't wait to tell everyone to go see gary ! five stars ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a tattoo done there and i love it . the color is brilliant and the lettering is beautiful . my only problem is the lines around the lettering . they are a bit shaky . not saying i do n't love my tattoo , because like i said , i do . they are very clean and personable . ronnie is hilarious , also , and made me feel very comfortable and got my nerves rested , since this was my first tattoo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we did n't think we were going to like it , but we were wrong . besides being a little upset because they would n't take my coupon i just received for some reason the manager could n't figure it out to input in the system . the prices were kinda high , but we were trying some place new we ended up happy with our meals . the chicken teriyaki plate which was my choice was amazing , fresh , enough sauce , very tasty . also had both rice and noodles , yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they tend to start doing the restaurants closing duties early . so if you drive by and the chairs are up , they 're mopping , and the rest of the employees are in the back gossiping , then that 's normal..even if it 's 45 minutes before closing time . and the food will taste like shit because everyone just wants to go home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast & friendly , not fancy ; however , great clean eats after the gym . brown rice & all white meat chicken !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel like it 's a hit or miss with chinese fast food . some days the food is amazing and some days i wish i threw my order directly in the trash . i had one order that everything was burnt . staff is n't the friendliest at this location but the service is always quick . and $ 8 a pop for a bowl is pretty unreasonable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place and could eat there every week . very nice employees and always clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the spicy chicken teriyaki . the flavor was good , but some of my chicken had fat on it . i was really grossed out by the large pieces of fat in my meal . my husband ordered the orange chicken . again , the flavor was good . however , there was not nearly enough sauce on it . the restaurant was clean , and the staff was friendly but i prefer the food at panda express .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we used a groupon and will come back again ... even without a discount ! we thought the portions were big and prices fair . the food was pretty good for being a fast food type restaurant . the employees were very nice and hospitable . i really liked my chicken teriyaki and my husband liked his pork . great salad dressing on the salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yakisoba noodles w spicy chicken , oh yeah , several times a week , love this spot . great place to hit up after the gym , everyone comes here , cops , firemen , construction workers and the gym bunnies too . always with the fresh vegetables , ca n't go wrong there . we like that it opens at 10:00 am and so it seems do a lot of people . the madness , it 's addictive !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "only reason i went here was because another place down the road that we 'd heard good things about was closed and we were starving . i tried to warn my girlfriend against ordering the calamari but she got it anyway . big mistake . think it was straight out of a frozen bag . she got the california wrap which she said was disgusting . i got the bison burger which was ok but nothing to write home about at all . i can see this place being ok for beers but stay well clear of the food . do yourself a favour and walk 5 minutes east to some good spots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has gone off a cliff . they usually have a solid selection of beers but the last few times i 've visited the selection has been very thin - to the point where the coolers are nearly empty . it 's always dead when i 'm there and the service is so-so . it 's like they want me to go across the street for $ 10 strip club canadians . the place is in awful shape and the bathrooms are a nightmare . here 's a fun game - try to count as many ceiling spiders as you can while you 're pissing . my record is three . people eat here ! ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like a heart beat in an area that clearly lacks a pulse , ciro 's is likely a nucleus for people living nearby . that is , unless you enjoy strip clubs . ( ! ) ciro 's has the longest beer list i have personally ever seen . no kidding . the menu is surprisingly diverse and the food definitely better than one might expect . the patio out back would be great anytime it 's warm and dry enough with two lovely big trees as canopy . the interior is pseudo retro with an insane mosaic floor that leaves you wondering ( how long did that take ? ! ) i 'm sure there is some history there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ciros has the absolute worst men 's room in the city . when given the choice between using these washrooms or being forced to go on dialysis , it 's pretty much a toss-up . arguably you 'd be better off hitting the hospital , because at least those rooms are sterile and you might get a free cookie . sure , it 's off the beaten path . and by `` beaten '' we mean 'physically swarmed by the teenage street gangs who seem to live in landsdowne station ' and by `` path '' we mean 'the spooky stripclub and social-club alleys ' surrounding this notoriously sketchbag stretch of bloor street . but , aside from that ... it 's truly a wonderful spot . one of the best beer lists in the city ... . including items that you wo n't find anywhere else . a knowledgeable and friendly staff . a selection of interesting patrons who are all there for a similar urban experience . great post-modern decor . spectacular corn bread . a great surprise on a friday night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a confusing experience here . was with a group of friends and ordered some food . shortly after our food arrived someone started whaling on the drums . apparently it was open mic night ? my friends and i were the only people in the bar except for these guys who were messing around on the drums . we asked the bartender if they could tell them to stop but they seemed indifferent . we asked for our bill and left quickly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perfect for a beer with your team after an hour of floor hockey and not having showers available ! okanagan draft for $ 6.50 including tax , no tip . relaxed service ( only one server , dunno what would have happened if it got busy ) . the draft was a bit warm - if it is again next time i will point it out . i was prepared for the bathrooms ... its rather sketchy getting to the washroom although based on the yelp reviews i was expecting a lot worse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "four stars for the best beer selection in something like a 2km radius . do n't go out of your way just for the grub or the grubby washrooms .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now this was something different ! to find this impressive of a beer list in an ultra ghetto location like that was totally unexpected . the contrasts did n't end here . you get a washroom straight from a nightmare on elm street , a strangely cozy small patio with a nice view of trash bins lined up against the far wall , a constant ambience of screeching tires , shouts and foul expressions coming from the outside , and a very amusing local clientele , that get ever more entertaining as the evening progresses . honestly having had a good look at the `` chef '' i did n't risk ordering the food , so no comments here . but you know , this place grows on you . or maybe it 's just me with my russian background ( yeah , this place definitely brought back some memories : ) plus i 'm ready to forgive almost anything to a place that has both westmalle dubbel & tripel in stock . so what the heck , 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good effort on the beer list ! they are actively working on the decor and atmosphere but as ciros has been around for a loooonggg time , the lack of pretension is great and i 'm sure will always be the case . it is pretty dive-y but definitely worth it for the reasonably priced bottle list and poutine ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we used to love going to ciros - heck i celebrated a milestone birthday there . wonderful hole in the wall . however , the food kept getting worse and worse ... fresh food - because i can seem them carry it in from their car in the front in no frills bags but it all tastes the same . the indian is the same as the thai is the same as the ... piled with sprouts . we got it figured out . we do n't go here anymore - maybe for a beer on the back patio : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4 stars go to my favourite plaided out ginger chef bryan in the kitchen for busting out an off-menu french toast with homefries at midnight on a friday night at my special request . that seriously made my night , and made up for the near death experience caught in a bizarre and unsettling ukrainian love triangle while on my way back from the restrooms of doom in the basement .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to ciro 's several times now , and have enjoyed it each time . it seems a bit out of place at the corner of bloor and lansdowne , as there are no other bars like it in the area . it has a very large selection of beers , which are sold at fairly reasonable prices . the food is great , and very very cheap . you ca n't go wrong with that . they have a really nice -- albeit dark as hell at night -- patio out back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "words ca n't even explain how bad the food is , which is disappointing as i 've been here numerous times in the past with no complaints..so bad in fact that i had to sent it back..now if your wondering what i ordered it was chilli chicken..if you think your safe with the burger think again , my wife ordered that and had to send it back as well..on a positive note the waiter was super nice and actually took the food off the bill..even so i do n't know that 's enough to get me back..beer list is impressive , but a little on the pricey side for a `` dive '' bar with a tired interior . with a plethora of new eats in this hood i would n't be suprised to see a for lease sign soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone seems to be hating not really on the place but on the food . i have n't eaten here but my two cents , for what it 's worth : nice vibe , good location , dearth of hipsters , great beer selection , good patio , friendly service . dig it . try the duggan 's light ale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the toronto lover system : 5 stars = must visit ! 4 stars = really good . i take my friends here . 3 stars = somewhat worth it ... if you have nowhere better to go . 2 stars = below average . attend only when necessary . 1 star = do not visit ! i was dragged to ciro 's about three times before i finally managed to convince others that this place has absolutely no value , unless you 're desperate for a $ 9 beer and you refuse to go anywhere else . there 's no good food here , the patio smells , and the services is completely inconsistent . mainly , what offends me is the price they put on beer that , in this day and age , is available quite easily all over the city ( including the lcbo . ) sorry ciro 's . 2 stars", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing burger ! totally delicious , best in the neighborhood for sure ! other amazing apps include the doubles . mmm ! the pint prices are pretty good , and there 's a relatively good selection of draft beers . their patio is okay too , smoking is allowed which rocks ! awesome service , i love the bartenders and cooks . pretty cool crowd usually too . the only thing they could work on is the bathrooms - yikes ! totally straight outta a horror film . at the same time , it 's not the most upscale joint but those burgers keep me coming back : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used to come to ciro 's after floorball just down the street . it might look like a dive bar from the outside but inside is anything but . great atmosphere , good beers on tap , and the food is really good . i 'd say one of the better burgers too - hand made patties . the garlic burger was my favourite . they also do some good thai and indian dishes as well . good date spot , or casual place to meet for drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first time i checked out ciro 's i was a little skeptical - given the neighbouring venues ( house of lancaster , etc ) , but i was very happy to discover a solid menu and expansive beer list . it really feels like a local joint - the staff is always smiling and laid-back . in the summer , its nice to spend a chill night on the back patio - feels similar to hanging out on a friend 's deck , but you never have to get up for a trip to the fridge .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yup . yup . yup . who does n't love a spot where you can eat copious amounts of bread ! ? i like this little spot - especially when the sun is out . whether you 're blessed with enough sun to sit outside or inside next to the big windows , this is a downright cheerful spot to spend an afternoon . their wine list is small , but well thought out with some interesting tidbits for those who know enough to appreciate interesting tidbits ( not me , i generally point to something red and leave it at that ... i 've never been disappointed though ) . the food is simple but excellent `` chat-over-a-glass-of-wine '' grub and good portions for sharing . i have n't been for a full meal but i trust from their small bites it would be pretty darn good . perfect spot to camp out on a sunny afternoon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a tremendous addition to the eateries opening up around the canonmills area . there is an italian theme to the bistro but it is n't just the usual fare that would be expected . starting with a fantastic breakfast until 11am ( the sausages on thick white toast are tremendous ) through to lunchtime snacking and evening meals , there are options for every type of eating . the coffee is fantastic quality and challenges many of the leading coffee houses in edinburgh for quality and there is also a small but impressive selection of beers including innis & gunn . highly recommended and hopefully a long-term addition to new town eating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've just finished a plate of pan seared lamb medallions with peppers , red onions , plums , and sweet potatoes . washed down with a big glass of red . it was delicious ! i am most definitely satisfied , and content . i love it here . the roamin ' nose is a lovely wee place for great food and a relaxed atmosphere , especially if you get a few plates to share so you can have your fill and enjoy a range of delicious food . very relaxed , friendly service , and pictures of bill murray on the walls . they say good things happen in threes , well , in this case fours : food , friendly , relaxed , and bill murray .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this casual cafe serves british breakfasts and italian pastas . we stumbled in the other night looking for an early dinner , and were told the kitchen did n't open till 6pm ( it was around 5:30 , i think ) , but our friendly waitress suggested we could start with drinks and get our food orders in so that they could be prepared as soon as the kitchen was open . we started with some cocktails ( a negroni and a caipirinha ) and the pesto and tapenade with bread . the drinks were on the small side , but priced appropriately to their size . as a main i had the pappardelle with mushrooms . the pasta was nicely-cooked and the sauce was tasty . i wish we could have given the desserts a try , but we had to leave to get to another engagement . overall the roamin ' nose was a nice spot for a casual dinner . the breakfast menu looked pretty good - i think we 'll return for brunch sometime soon , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious homemade cakes ! had the tiramisu and honey walnut cake with lattes with soy milk . good place to go but best to go before 3pm of you want food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my parents here for lunch and was super impressed by this place . it is cosy , has a really friendly atmosphere and is the perfect place to take people for a relaxed weekend lunch . we came at the 'awkward lull ' between breakfast and lunch ( starts at 1pm ) , and had to sit with only hot drinks for 20 minutes . however , once we ordered our meals , they arrived promptly and were certainly worth the wait . i had the special salad ( v ) and a side of chips - which were amazingly thin and crisp-like . my parents both had steak sandwiches . the staff were lovely , chatty and very attentive . i 'm excited to try out the evening and breakfast menus too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends meredith and andy live nearby and took me here on my visit . i had a delicious cauliflower and cheese soup . it was seriously a flavorful and healthy tasting soup . it came with a spoonful of cheese that you could add to the soup . matt b got a three dip combo that was pesto , red pepper , and olive . it came with nice slices of white bread . my main was a warm salad with greens , quinoa , goat cheese , beets , and sweet potatoes . i 'd never had a warm salad like that . very unique . the owner was a super friendly and and made us feel like she was hosting us in her house . we got mint chocolate cake for dessert . the cake was a little dry , but the frosting was delicious . i wish i lived closer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in edinburgh visiting friends and came to the roamin ' nose for dinner on the saturday night . for a starter i had a three pesto dip combination with different slices of bread . i did n't use all the pesto but the owner recommended that we keep them on the table for the main courses which was an inspired idea , i ca n't remember all of the components of my main course but i cleared the plate and ate all of the salad much to julia d 's surprise . i was too full for dessert but all four of us shared a mint chocolate cake . from where i sat i could see into the kitchen as they made a different array of pasta dishes . the entire bill for four with wine came and a tip to \u00a3100 which was money well spent , the equivalent place in london would have charged a lot more . i recommend and would definitely come back next time i 'm north of the border .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . we arrived 10 minutes before lunch ended and they were thrilled to see us , service was great , and they did n't mind us sitting as long as we wanted . we ordered the charcuterie plate , which was filled with options like tampenade , pesto , fresh garlic , honey for the cheese , a tomato-basil salad , artichoke hearts ... tons of stuff . nice wine selection , a gluten- free beer that was fantastic for my husband ... everything was great . definitely go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although this place is adorable and the long list of specials indeed special , i do n't think you should offer food that does n't play to your strong suits and thus i ca n't recommend this place . their specials were all over the place from a seabass salad to steak . should have stuck with the italian theme and ordered ravioli . i ordered a chili bean dish which ended up being a sad pass as a burrito complete with salsa with no flavor and creme fraiche instead of sour cream . come on ! google mexican and get it right , man . my sisters pulled pork sandwich was awesome but even on her plate there was some disappointment like the potato chips that were cut too thick . i will say , the chocolate nutella peanut butter cake was nice but when i ordered a flat white i was served a latte . ugh . give it a miss .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just returned home from a terrible experience at coppi . from the moment we entered , service was terrible . there was n't a host hostess and only other person in the room was a waiter , he did not even acknowledge us . we sat down at our table 20min after our reservation . even worse , we did not get our menus until 20 min later . after waiting 30 min , our order was finally taken . our waiter was unapologetic and rude about the wait . they did offer a small appetizer to make up for the wait . the food was cold and tasteless . the only thing i enjoyed was the wine . i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place been around for 25 years , and i ca n't believe i 've only know about it now . attracted by summerlicious , after looking around the restaurant to only realize most people come for the regular menu , for all the right reason . they are generous with their portions and seasoning . between the both of us , we would come back for all our appetizers , mains and desserts . i had the marinated seafood salad with chickpeas , and that would be belly happy for a small eater . the lamb chop was done well . very flavorful , with delicious long beans for sides . this dish is also on the regular menu . the one that caught my eye on the regular menu is the risotto for 2 . they would bring it over is a cheese wheel , to toss and coat in from of you prior to serving . not sure how the tasting go , but it 's definitely eye candy . already planning a return trip for this dish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tradition and quality . my wife and i dined here with 5 of our friends . the owner , alex , welcomed us like we were family . he took the time to provide recommendations and a thorough description into quality of their food . this restaurant takes no shortcuts , everything from the quality of olive oil , to the explosiveness of the creamy decadent risotto , to the methods of freshness in their signature seafood dishes , are all effectively traditional and is evident with every bite . real foodies will understand and appreciate the quality of good service and food when they dine here . it is a lost art that alex and his staff have not forgotten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here with a group of friends on a weeknight . the place was not busy ; we were the only guests in the entire restaurant for the first hour or so & we were there around dinner time ( 7pm ) . went here upon reading good reviews ; however we were not impressed . the food was ok ; price was expensive for the type of food that they offer . we ordered sea brim fish baked in sea salt which was their special for the day & a bruschetta appetizer . the rest of our party ordered pasta and or fish dishes . our server was annoying & kept asking several times if we would like to order a bottle of wine , despite the fact that we made it very clear that we are not ordering any . for the quality of food & service that they offer , we will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service is obviously not one of their strengths . the older 2 waiters are such useless pylons . they take your order and the minute you say no to wine , their faces turn into sour hags . not once did they come over to ask how my food was . nor did they offer another drink when i was out . the younger bus boy girl were working their asses off while these 2 old geezers stand around and do nothing . we finished our meal and the plates sat there for 15 mins before they were taken away for our deserts . seriously ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a late review , however this restaurant is absolutely fabulous . i planned and organized with the manager for a dinner of 18 people for new year 's eve . i was going away over christmas so i needed to take care of it before i went away the manager was amazing to work with and the meal was exquisite ! there was more than enough food and we were n't charged the ridiculous prices that other restaurants try to get away with on new years . because we were a big group we had two tables at the back and the ambiance was great , they have unique lighting and art on the walls . at the end of the most amazing dinner , to top it all off my now finance proposed , and with the excitement the restaurant gave us all champagne for free to toast ! this place will forever be in my heart and i hope to come back to celebrate our engagement every year ! if i lived closer i would make it one of my go to restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here on a recommendation from a friend . turned out it was pretty good . a little `` spendy '' but the food was good and the atmosphere and service were great . a good wine selection and some delicious cocktails as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bad experience . service was bad . food was tasteless . waitress was bad with attitude . ended up spoke with the manager about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this restaurant for winterlicious 2017 . the atmosphere was great and server was great . the owner greeted us as we left the door . food wise , i had an arugula salad with fig which was very delicious . main course was the seafood soup ( zuppa ) that tasted really fresh and flavourful . dessert was tiramisu ( very moist ) that can not be missed . great restaurant and i do recommend this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used open table to book and it was seamless . delighted to see valet parking on yonge st as traffic was very heavy and parking would have been a challenge . service was very attentive and food was good . menu was a little limited . it would have been nice to have a few more pasta choices . great atmosphere and tables were spaced to allow comfortable conversation . when we were finished our car was waiting out front for us with no waiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had new year 's eve dinner for 20 people at coppi . the service here is amazing ! we dealt with alex , who did everything he could to make sure things were well organized and that all of our needs were accommodated . the food was incredible ! i had the salmon and it was moist and delicious . our friends all had good things to say about the meal as well . the atmosphere at coppi is awesome too ! we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place . great wines . excellent service , knowlageble staff . valet parking if u like . superb food ! pricey but u deffinatly get what you paid for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard great things from a friend , so thought we had to try it , especially after hearing that they have fresh truffles flown in from italy weekly ! we had a great selection of appetizers , the carpaccio with truffle , amazing ! burrata salad and calamari ( so fresh ) ! we had the mushroom risotto in the cheese wheel , super tasty . tried a few of the truffle pastas and we were all very satisfied , not super heavy with the sauce but they were very generous with their truffle portion . definitely will be back to try everything else !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9e and i came here for summerlicious . i came because i saw grouper as one of the options on the menu . upon arrival , they can not find my reservations , but they sat us down . the fish option on the menu was halibut . i was n't too pleased as i came for the grouper . what they should have done is put daily fish on the menu because as a fish lover , each fish have different taste and texture . anyways , not sure if i want to come back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dined here during summerlicious 2016 . everything was delicious ! the sea bream firsh - amazing , nice and flaky . the appetizers yummy , light and fresh . the tiramisu , as it should be , creamy , fluffy and sweet . the decor is romantic , dim lighting , but also modern . this was our first time here , but we would gladly come back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only eaten at coppi once . an excellent high end menu with great wine selection . some very unusual menu selections that are wonderful on special occasions if you want surprize . great for the upper end crowd with valet parking , but i prefer the more local homy neighbourhood restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coppi has been around in the neighbourhood for many years and has not had the following of some other restaurants but it has changed the decor recently and is casita but comfortable and not noisy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to like coppi as ambience was so romantic . but truth of the matter is that this is just another average italian ristorante . foods looked like they could be from upscale restaurant but they didnt taste like they were from upscale restaurant . our pastas were a bit weird as they did n't taste like they had all the nice ingredients they were supposedly in the foods . appetizers were good but they did n't need much cooking as they were just prociuttos and carpaccio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well let 's just say it 's a hit and miss..i 've stuck to the safe choices like biryani and will pass on the curry in the future , especially channa masala ( way too tomato pastey ) the price is pretty decent for a good portion . i hear the specials are good too . do n't bother planning a date there cause it hardly has sitting space and looks like a dead dhaba joint . as for the food being fresh ... i wo n't bet my paycheck ... the raita looked kinda gross . i still would recommend it ! better than lots of others for the price portion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give them 0 stars . the quality of food was terrible i 've never been so disgusted in my life . ordered mateer paneer tasted like the green peas and paneer were just thrown in with a can of tomatoes . the paneer was yellow and translucent . the dish was so sour . i called the restaurant and the lady just made excuses . i hope i do n't get food poisoning . oh and let 's not forget the bugs i saw only until after paying . i threw all the food in the garbage after one bite . waste of my 22 bucks . horrible restaurant never going back and do n't recommend anyone else to either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is not fresh , ordered the mixed tandoori platter . it was heated in a microwave and was cold by the time i reached home , the same goes for the chicken biryani cold rice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry , i hate giving bad reviews . the service was lovely , but the most important has to be the food , right ? $ 1.25 for 3 veggie samosas and they were honestly the worst samosas i 've ever had . the flavour combination inside was not tasty and maybe i got a stale batch , but the fried wrapper was not tasty either . i could n't finish my one samosa and regretted buying six .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tiny place where you order up front and they go to the back to fix it for you . we ordered the mystik platter and split it between the two of us . some of the shish kabob was quite spicy ( medium ) . also had the samosas and they were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to this little take out indian place in august 2015 , and i really liked it . the quality of the food was amazing for the price . i had the palak paneer and shahi paneer with spicy chutney and it was soooo good ! especially for the price . well seasoned , perfectly cooked and most definitely fresh . the only downside i will say is that there was quite a bit of oil so i would n't consider it healthy by any means . take out is n't usually healthy but just saying . they do have daily specials on the wall . channa masala is $ 3.99 on tuesday 's , which is so cheap ! anyways i recommend this cute and tasty family owned place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "take out food- perfect for me as the mild version fits my taste buds . try out the biryani . the husband and wife believe in listening to you and making sure that you take some good indian food home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately what mattered the most `` the food '' was n't good chicken leg was dry and tasted just bad kebabs were ok friendly service perhaps i did n't get what others see in this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "going with 3 stars for now . its a small place with a depressing environment . the people are nice . the food does not always feel fresh but it 's better than many other places . the claim to have fresh food alway but i am doubtful about this claim . they make naan but do not make roti . i wonder why ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do not recommend this place . i feel bad because the owner was really sweet and the workers there seemed so kind , hence why i 'm giving it atleast a 2 . however the food was really bad . we got some chicken curry and lentils . both tasted ridiculously plain and had absolutely no flavouring.thw chicken curry had maybe max of 2 chicken pieces . the lentil curry was a weird colour and tasted too thick and milky . the naan bread was the only ok thing in the whole meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lady at the counter was super friendly . menu does n't have descriptions , so those of you who are n't familiar with indian food ( like me ) , feel free to ask for descriptions . had : dal makhni was flavorful . i believe it was their wednesday special ? $ 4.99 . no butter naan included . tandoori chicken leg ( $ 2.50 ) is small , but super flavorful . nice and smokey . a tad dry though . wrapped up in tin foil . odd choice . sunday special is buy 3 get one free on chicken biryani . will be back to try !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really bad food . they give you microwaved food . i ordered a palak paneer . i could not taste palak in it . it tasted really bad . would never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is okay , nothing special . ordered a bunch of different dishes because their take out containers are smaller than normal . was disappointed when they were full of mostly sauce . biryani was literally a chicken leg and all rice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice little spot for some quick indian food , all the wraps i 've had there are delicious ! all the curries are very tasty as well . try the mystik platter , awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most authentic , tasty east indian cuisine you will ever have tasted that will keep your mouth watering after your first try of this food . a must for everyone . we have been eating here for the past three years and are n't about to stop . best in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is located in a plaza and its quite small - more for takeout obviously . there is one table there and a bench to wait for your food . there are daily specials and lunch specials so be sure to try them out , they are n't badly priced either . everything here is quite affordable - under $ 10 most definitely . the lady at the counter was friendly and always willing to make suggestions if you have n't been here before . i always get the chicken biryani each time i have been here . the chicken biryani has good flavours and spice - not too spicy but decent . no complaints . most recently , i ordered the veal biryani and i regretted it instantly , the veal was dry and no flavour whatsoever . i would come back here when in the area to try the other dishes and see if its any good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in einem \u00e4lteren eckgeb\u00e4ude ist das la bamboo untergebracht , vorne die bar mit ein paar tischen , hinter der glast\u00fcr ein weiterer gastraum , in dem wir einen tisch bekamen . an dem abend war es relativ leer im lokal , umso aufmerksamer war der service . zuerst hatten wir eine suppe vorweg - meine linsensuppe war echt der hammer : sehr lecker . danach die kulinarische rundreise f\u00fcr zwei mit vegetarischem curry , fisch curry , hot chicken curry und kartoffel-zwiebel-curry . dazu gabs reis mit chips . es war so viel dass wir m\u00fche hatten , aber es war gleichzeitig auch sehr sehr gut ! danach gabs noch ein nachtisch bzw espresso , das war bei der rundreise im preis enthalten . wir kommen gerne wieder , hier wars gut ! das ambiente k\u00f6nnte eine kleine auffrischung vertragen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute solide , indische hausmannskost . die einrichtung k\u00f6nnte nat\u00fcrlich mal aufgepeppt werden", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rita 's is a delicious summer treat in the burgh . does it exist outside of pittsburgh ? not sure . there 's definitely a lot of locations around here . basically , it 's italian ice with very creative flavors like swedish fish , mango , pear , and ( my unexpected favorite ) cotton candy . you can have it straight up or with some soft serve ice cream in a gelato . as the weather starts to get colder and the beers get darker , we 'll be saying goodbye to rita 's until next summer . grab a cotton candy italian ice from rita 's if you still get the chance . you 'll be remembering it come january or so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "avoid the dude that works there . been there twice this year and both times he waited on us . i 'm a rita rookie so i have questions . he is n't helpful , he 's not polite , and does n't even seem like he wants be there . although the swedish fish ice was great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered a regular size 1 2 mango and 1 2 wild black cherry , both were very flavorful and refreshing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to nip over to the grassmarket bar after a couple of fancy dancy cocktails at the dragonfly , which left us suitably tipsy and willing to 'try anything ' . fast forward a couple of hours and you will find three incredibly drunk girls joining in with football chants for a team i can not even remember . the bar has a huge screen for sports and the drink is really reasonably priced , we were just happy to get a pint for under a fiver after skinning ourselves at the cocktail bar ! nice atmosphere , nice enough pub ( although absolutely roasting hot , air con anyone ? ) and full of brilliant singers ! excluding us of course .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here a few weeks ago to watch one of the world cup quarter finals with some friends and although it provided a friendly atmosphere in which to relax , it 's mainly just drunk locals who are there every other day of the week and see the place as their territory . the general environment was quite good at the time , but we got the feeling that it would have been pretty dour at any other time . the interior decor is n't the best and although there 's enough seating , you ca n't help but feel that the place needs livened up . they do have a good , big television screen which was ideal for showing the game and the were reasonably priced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the grassmarket ; a beautiful , cosmopolitan , buzzing area of edinburgh . continental and scottish at the same time , it is a must-see for any visitor to the city . frequented by markets , this area is also surrounded by excellent bars , cafes and restaurants . it 's a great place for dinner and a pub crawl . the weekends are particularly atmospheric , especially on sunny days when locals and tourists alike sip their cappuccinos outside , or during the festival when the pavements are lined with street performers . and all this at the foot of the historic and monumental edinburgh castle . yup , this place is pretty special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah , the lazy , beautiful grassmarket ; a cosmopolitan zone for chilled out eaters and strollers wanting the best of broad , parisian streets , cosy cafes and restaurants , and green trees . there is a wonderful feeling community here , and the busy city behind the hill seems almost forgot . the grassmarket is like a small slice of provincial life , watched over by the striking castle above . some days you will find market stalls stretching its length , which are lovely to wander through , and something makes me want to believe the stall owners have come from far away places where buildings are made of wood and have meadows all around . ah , such is the effect of the grassmarket .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super stimmung und gute livemusik", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at the time of writing the grassmarket is one huge road works . when finished it should be even more pleasant for tourist , shopper , drinker , eater and bummler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little spot in grassmarket . tourists mainly , but it 's a touristy area . drinks were served quickly and they had a decent selection of popular and scottish brews . prices were good for the area . definitely not a place i 'd stop in for multiple , but was perfect for grabbing a drink before heading back to our airbnb for the night . seating extremely limited .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cobblestone roads and gentle buzz of the strollers , restaurants and pubs create an unmatched charm and harmony within the grassmarket . the vast open space is lined with an assortment of restaurants offering mexican , french , scottish or italian cuisine , as well as a number of good ole ' traditional pubs . sitting at the southern foot of the castle , this historic area houses some of edinburgh 's tallest and oldest buildings . it is an eclectic mix of activity that bubbles with atmosphere and character and is a wonderful place to sip a cappuccino , stretch your legs or have a pint of ale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the grassmarket . as a regular visitor to edinburgh , we always head to the grassmarket to soak up the atmosphere . the bars , restaurants and shops overlooked by the magnificent castle . the place is relaxed but with plenty going on . the bars are always busy , especially on weekend nights . full of hen and stag nightsgood innocent funlove it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whenever we have friends staying in edinburgh we always take them to the grassmarket for some relaxed afternoon drinking . the pubs are always pretty busy and have a great atmosphere - particularly in summer when you can sit outside most of the pubs and restaurants . many of the pubs offer food with the last drop doing great comfort food which will set you up for the evening ahead . there are also a variety of restaurants serving mexican , italian and french food . although it can get busy on a friday and saturday night with stag and hen dos ( like most parts of edinburgh ! ) , the grassmarket still retains a great friendly atmosphere if you are out with a group of friends . i would n't recommend it for a quiet drink or a romantic night though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited on a saturday night and it was busy with superb music and atmosphere . good place worth a look .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "open until 11pm and the area is a little shady looking but this being the latest open laundromat in the area , we stuck around because we needed our clothes cleaned . the washers and dryers are all new and the inside seemed to be very clean with a hint of clorox in the air . we watched the olympics on the flat screen tv and they advertise wifi but for some reason it could never connect . next door is a little market that is owned by the same man that owns the laundromat . not bad on price and i like to support small owned businesses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "newly remodeled , very clean and new machines ... looks like a brand new place . close to where i live , nice to have a good facility in my area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start of by saying this , i do n't know what happen since i was here last but i 'm glad whomever took this place over i appreciate them for it . i came here last year or earlier this year and it was a total turn off , half the machine and dryers were not working , water was all over the floor from one of the machines , just a tragedy . so i decided to seek out another laundromat and was totally pleased . well today i went to the other laundry and all the big machines were being used and several washers and dryers were not working , so i decided i did n't want to wait took a chance and came here and to my surprise total makeover . glad i took that chance of coming here one more time just to see that it has changed . dryers that dry and machines that can handled up to 6 loads of clothes at a time . thanks to the owners that are now taking care of this laundry . i will definitely return on the next go round of washing my comforters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good experience . my washing machine decided to take up smoking , the earliest a new one can be delivered is tuesday of next week amd i needed to do some laundry . keeping in mind that i have n't been to a laundromat since the clinton administration and i only stayed long enough to wash one load of laundry i do have to say that this was the ideal laundromat as far as laundromats go . there were plenty of machines to choose from and it was next to a mini-market and the nice lady next door at the check cashing western union place next door gave me change because the change in the laundromat was out of commission . great experience , keep this place in mind ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying ... . this is a new and improved , locally owned , and worth your buck place ! ! ! ! i had the honor of using this laundry mat today , yes i said honor ! this is by far one of the most cleanest , efficient and budget friendly mats i have been to . it is a quarter only place ( it was nice not to have to get a card ) that has a coin machine . the washers range in size to fit your needs and the dryers actually dry your clothes with about a dollar . the owners brad and erin are amazingly friendly even offered to help me with anything that i needed while using their facilities . if there was 6 stars i would give . this place is renovated and up to date . they have free wifi while you wait and tv as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dryer took up smoking so i needed somewhere close and chose here . what served as a lunch table was a little sticky , but the folding tables and floors were clean . says free wifi on the window , but it is secured and i had to look around for the password which i found on the back wall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is clean , has change , has a tv to watch , all the machines work and decently priced ! i will definitely come here again when i need to wash many loads at the same time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used this laundromat once . the place is located next to a convenience store . they have a variety of machines for different load sizes . the machines all appear clean and are all in working order . they have a bill changer to get quarters for their machines . they have wifi though i did n't use it . there is a detergent vending machine if you forget to bring your own . it was a little warm in there on a day when it was warm outside . does n't appear to be air conditioned so it is probably pretty warm in there when the heat outside builds up . the only negative is that the place needs a good cleaning as it is pretty filthy and that the clientele is on the lower end of the spectrum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used this laundromat for the first time today . it was clean , the owner is very friendly , and almost all the machines were working . the owner is new having taken the place over a few months ago . he even put in new washers and dryers . i used the older ones and they worked perfectly . i will be using this business all the time now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is in a shady part of town , but the machines work . they have a change machine that accepts one and five dollar bills . you 'll have to go to the market next door if you need to purchase detergent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let 's see .. , , , how do i put this nicely ? the place is crappy in a crappy part of town . i stopped through on my way home from work since our washer is broken . the place is a dump and dirty . plus , the change machine was n't working l. i ended up leaving . plus i did n't want to constantly watch my car to make sure it was n't stolen by the locals . lol screw it , my clothes will pile up until the washer is fixed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clean place . everything worked fine , with the exception of the coin machine not giving a customer his $ 5 in quarters . so it might be a good idea to have quarters before coming here . the machine accepts $ 1 , $ 5 , $ 10 . i only had a $ 20 but luckily there 's a market right next door so i walked over there . it cost me about $ 8 to wash dry three loads . there is also a tv & free wifi . i would come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great time during a custom men 's clothing trunk show that we hosted at the vault . the service was fantastic along with the decor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally had the opportunity to check this place out and was beyond floored by the atmosphere , service , and quality of the cocktails themselves . dale took the time to show us around . he was incredibly knowledgeable about the history of the venue and his passion rubbed off on us . we tried an old fashioned , manhattan , and mezcal cocktail and each were better than the last . we 've been looking for a prohibition era cocktail bar like this in cleveland and this exceeded all of our ( admittedly lofty ) expectations . dale just put the ( luxardo ) cherry on top of the experience ! this place is a must for anyone that loves history , a good atmosphere and a stellar drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best bars i 've ever been to anywhere in the world ( 37 countries ) . the drinks were unique and genuinely inspired - incredible whiskey cocktails . the bartender gave us a tour of the 4 different bank vaults as well as the hidden speakeasy in the back . that was incredible and something not to be missed . i could n't ask for more in a place to have drinks with friends or a date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a safe bet that this will be the best bar you 've ever been to ; ) everyones so nice and all the drinks are expertly made . the environment is like nothing you 've seen before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man kann innen sitzen oder `` au\u00dfen '' an der tiefgarage der schwabengalerie schn\u00fcffeln . man liest die speisen von der tafel ab , bestellt beim kellner an der theke und bekommt alles gebracht ( also sozusagen ein halbautomatischer imbiss ; - ) . ich hatte vegetarische minirollen ( 2,00 ) und panierten rotbarsch mit einer kr\u00e4ftigen scharfen so\u00dfe ( 5,00 ) . beides war typische imbiss-qualit\u00e4t , also ganz ordentlich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nie wieder.unfreundlich und ungenie\u00dfbar.von hygienischen zust\u00e4nden brauchen wir gar nicht erst sprechen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "auf den ersten blick von aussen sah der imbiss sauber aus . jedoch schon der reiskochtopf neben der kasse war schmutzig . diverse getr\u00e4nke gibt es aus flaschen aus dem k\u00fchlschrank . speisekarte super umfangreich , das gibt f\u00fcr den kleinen imbiss schon zu denken . habe wegen grossem hunger gebratene nudeln mit h\u00fchnerfleisch zu 5eur bestellt . das wurde nach ca 4 minuten an den tisch gebracht . schon nach der ersten gabel war klar , das schmeckt nach nichts . das einzige halbe brocolli r\u00f6schen war farblos und hart . ich lasse jetzt den teller stehen und hole mir nebenan bei metzger schneider 2 leberk\u00e4s semmeln . der nachbartisch mit 2 erwachsenen und 2 kids hat gerade auch volle teller stehen lassen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "als veganer ess ich fast nur nr . 18 , reis mit wokgem\u00fcse , vorher die gem\u00fcsesuppe . komme seit mehreren jahren hier zum essen und bin noch nie ! ent\u00e4uscht worden . bedienung ist freundlich auch wenn sie nicht viel sprechen , essen kommt schnell , tische alles sauber . zum essen : die suppe ist sehr schmackhaft , gem\u00fcse knackig frisch , 2eur . der reis ist k\u00f6rnig wie er sein soll , das gem\u00fcse , 6 sorten , schmackhaft , knackig . 4,50eur . man kann f\u00fcr den preis nicht mehr erwarten . woanders habe ich schon deutlich mehr gezahlt und verkochtes essen erhalten . ein kollege hatte hier mal ente gegessen und war sehr zufrieden . der imbiss erh\u00e4lt daher 5 sterne .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wenn man die mitarbeiterin in einer hinterkammer in einem eimer auf dem boden sitzend ( ! ) das fleisch in einer marinade einlegen sieht , dann vergeht einem mit deutschem hygienebefinden der hunger . das war bei mir aber auch nicht wirklich schlimm , weil das essen , welches ich dann bekommen habe , sowieso ungeniesbar war . das gericht bestand \u00fcberwiegend aus ( dosen ? ) -gem\u00fcse und viel zu viel von einer geschmacklosen , d\u00fcnnen so\u00dfe . da helfen dann weder die g\u00fcnstigen preise noch der freundliche service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ist mittlerweile geschlossen worden . ob freiwillig wei\u00df ich allerdings nicht .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mit riesengro\u00dfen abstand , der schlechteste imbiss , bei dem ich je gegessen habe . ich hatte die 15 ( reis , huhn in curry ) und ein freund hatte die 33 ( nudeln , huhn ) . 1 . ) der geschmack war bei mir dermassen unterirdisch , dass ich nach 3 l\u00f6ffeln gesagt habe : nein , das esse ich nicht ! und mein begleiter tat dasselbe . 2 . ) mir hat sich der magen umgedreht , den ganzen tag lang . vielleicht wart es ja nur einbildung , wegen des gr\u00e4\u00dflichen geschmacks . 3 . ) hygienisch hat das ganze nicht gewirkt . ich frage mich sowieso was mich da geritten hat da zu bestellen . nie wieder ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best sashimi sushi in the gta . owner chef is meticulously fussy about fresh fish . blue ocean rolls ( wrapped in cucumber instead of rice ) are outstanding . prices are very fair . nothing but good things to say about this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehmi is one of the last great non-ayce japanese restaurants in mississauga and i believe they are doing well . you can tell by the odd hours they are open . i would recommend calling or checking out their website for hours they are open . they have the usual assortment of sushi and cooked meals as well as some korean dishes . the preparation and presentation are excellent . the interior is a little dated but the large booths are still wonderful for an intimate dinner . the service is prompt and understated all at the same time . the waitress who i believe is the sushi chef 's wife is kind however her english is not great , but who cares . she is patient with your requests to repeat what she said . they have a good assortment of combo dishes , and the prices are very reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has 93 % on urbanspoon ! that 's actually what bought me here . in hindsight , i really do n't know why the rating is so high ! we ordered the spicy tuna , salmon , dynamite roll and alaska roll . the first time around , the rolls were quite bad and kept on falling apart . i told the sever , and she kindly replaced them . the second time around , they were much better , but definitely not worth 93 % . its worth a try if you 're in the area , but i most likely would not come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic ! hidden gem ! really impressed and definitely the best sushi in clarkson erin mills area ! reasonably priced , good portions and always fresh tasting ! really love the service and seems like a family run business . love the tempura and don buri as well ! so happy we found this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent sushi in a nice clean place . i came here to pick up some take out at an off-hour ( around 4pm ) , so i was n't surprised to find this place empty . the staff were nice and offered me some tea while i waited , and let me use the washroom while they kept an eye on my little one . the sushi i ordered was fresh and yummy ! it 's located in a pretty convenient spot at winston churchill and dundas so i plan to stop by more often to try out the rest of their menu . what i did eat ( a spicy crab roll and an alaska roll ) were both great . the wasabi was nothing to write home about , but the rice to filling ratio was nice and i could n't find a fault in them . will i come back ? for sure ! but i 'm totally up for hearing about a few more sushi joints in the sauga area ! if you know of any ( other than this one and sushi tei ) , let me know !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place instantly became my favourite sushi spot in mississauga for many reasons . first off , its a few minutes from my house . second , once you walk in you are greeted by the chefs and waitress immediately . third , 4.95 for dynamite roll ? yes please . need i say more the prices here are the best youll find in mississauga . they have greaaaaaat lunch specials . a bento with all the usual fixins such as tempura , miso soup , etc . for 10.95 . last , the quality is amazing . i loved the sushi although it was fast to fall apart and it was thin the quality is too.die for and makes up for it . my bf had the sashimi , he said it was fresh ! try this place you will not be disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see no reason to not give this restaurant a 5 star rating . the prices are reasonable , most importantly of all the quality is excellent . if you are like me who 's sick of mass produced sushi at buffets , you will love this restaurant . as others have mentioned , the sushi master is right there , front and centre . greets you with an enthusiastic hello when you walk in . i 've been here 4 times now . loved the 2 person combos , it 's so delicious and filling , i 'd rather pay for this than a $ 30 buffet . i also see they have lots of regulars that come in and are their friends . i can see why . for friday dinners , be sure to reserve . or you 'll end up ordering take out like i did . but it was the best looking and tasting home japanese meal ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spicy salmon roll was on point ! only $ 5 ! if you 're broke from spending all your money on sephora and looking for a cheaper sushi joint ( but still decent ) , reach here . 3.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow , pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food as i did not expect much from the rather dated store front , interior , and menu items . will definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is friendly but slow . i heard they have changed management and the food was pretty disappointing . the skimpiest sushi portions and presentation was not appealing . it 's a shame as they were one of my regular go to places .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to many sushi restaurants in the gta and sehmi has one of the finest japanese preparation chefs ! their sushi is always made with fresh ingredients and prepared in large sizes.they have generous and hospitable servers too . sometimes they even treat you to free miso soup and salad . sushi here is definitely a 10 10 ! this is by far the best sushi restaurant in all of mississauga , prob gta ! it has fresh ingredients , wonderful service and a very cool , calm and relaxing atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped stars for poor service , i understand they must be busy operating with so few people , but it 's so rude and inconsiderate to have your guest waiting by the door for a good 20 min , then randomly seated for another 20 min without a greeting , water , or menus to look at . yes , i was completely ignored for 40 minutes ! ! ! ! ! i tried to catch the waitress ' attention a couple of times , but was brushed off . was it because i was alone ? thirsty , hungry and extremely unhappy for wasted almost an hour there , i left the restaurant . even then i do n't think anyone noticed . hire more people if you ca n't handle the busy hours . it 's just not right to treat customers this way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have recently started to order from this premise . i find that the pieces ( party tray ) are getting pretty thin , but this depends on what you are ordering . the california and cucumber rolls are sliced at a normal size , but the dynamite roll is cut very thin for my liking . i have also noticed that certain trays are missing what the menu indicates it has ( if i am spending $ 45-50 ) i need to get what i ordered , not substitutions . consistency is very good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "by far the best sushi in mississauga . the dundas roll is amazing . the service is great and the staff are awesome . our go to place for great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the freshest and melt-in-your-mouth sushi in town . we ordered the maki combo ( i believe it was spicy salmon , dynamite and salmon rolls ) and the tempura appetizer ( the asparagus tempura was gold ) . great ambience and really nice people , definitely coming back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good quality sushi . serving sizes are n't huge but sushi is pretty good . service is good but slow when busy which is understandable for a mom and pop shop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried many different sushi places in mississauga , but this one is by far the best . very similar to sushi tei , just les busy . service is always great . no one makes tofu like they do . ingredients are always fresh . this family owned restaurant is quaint and affordable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff and fantastic food ! the dundas st roll is a must and a favorite of mine . i always order one to go after a dine in . the chirashi dish has pieces of sashimi ( of choice ) with vegetables and you mix rice and special hot sauce into it . another must eat , it 's healthy as well ! so tasty yumm ! the double dragon roll and black dragon roll are also amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm tired of all you can eat sushi restaurants costing $ 30 each ... this is by far the best bento box i 've had ... .big portions , quality meat and sushi . the crispy lobster roll was fantastic as was their dynamite roll", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and food ! was greeted by everyone when we walked in and one waitress was able to manage the whole restaurant . we ordered the crunch cali and omg the best darn thing we ever had sushi wise . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to damn-near every sushi joint in mississauga , and i think sehmi is my favourite . i actually had no clue it was called sehmi sushi until a minute ago , always just called it 'that place on winston churchill ' when begging my girlfriend to go . the fish here is awesome , it 's cheap , and the service is grea ( seemingly flying in the face of all natural rules of eateries ) . from time to time the chef even sends over new things for us to try on the house . sehmi has a small , quiet , homey feel to it- good for avoiding humans in flock . i think the fact that it has the corner lot in a little plaza has deterred others from going ; i guess that 's what makes it a gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fresh . great service . quiet atmosphere . beef udon noodles are the best we 've ever had . green dragon roll is yummy . pork katsu bento box was so big and delicious . overall great sushi japanese in mississauga ( off the beaten path ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is average . it 's definitely `` best sushi this side of the pacific '' , hell , it 's not even the best sushi this side of the credit river . i get that 99 % of places use fake wasabi which i 'm okay with , but this place , the stuff that they gave us was a bit closer to the consistency of a wasabi mayo prices is average , but their lunch specials and bento boxes are a couple bucks more than other sushi restaurants in the area . the service at lunch was pretty slow . the woman was trying to do a lot at once , perhaps have an extra set of hands help at the front of house . she was very nice and friendly tho . i went because of the high yelp rating but i think yelp have failed me this time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have been regularly going to this sushi place for almost a year now . this was easily one of the best sushi places in the neighbourhood but has recently lost its touch . its service has gone down . there is only one person serving . even though she is courteous , it is difficult to manage 10 tables with 1 server . last two times we had to wait for 25 minutes just for our appetizers . the rolls are also no longer impressive . we always order the green dragon roll and it saddens me to see that they have made their rolls so thin that they fall apart as soon as you pick them up . the place still has potential but the slow service and less amount of food leaves us disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice and easy ! food of great quality ! ordered a deluxe tempura and a small sushi tray with 38 pieces . all food was fresh , smooth and tasty . definitely will come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place to eat sushi , the food here is great for this cozy restaurant . love coming here for the lunch special which is every week day from 11-3 . which includes miso soup , salad and 2 rolls of sushi or a lunch plate for about $ 10 per person . my fave sushi rolls to get here would have to be the mark 's roll which comes w shrimp tempura , cream cheese , and avocado . it tastes very fresh and tasty . also the chicken teriyaki is very good which comes with a bowl of white rice . they also sell bento boxes too if you want a combination of diff food . the prices are affordable as well . try this place out for some good sushi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time coming here for lunch . place is small , bit dated but seemed clean . men at the sushi bar and server lady are pleasant . they greet every customer coming and going . i ordered the nabeyaki udon . the broth was so delicious and not salty at all . it is quite filling since it is a noodle bowl after all . it came with two pieces of shrimp tempura , one shrimp , one clam , one oyster . it was still satisfying even though it could use more seafood . will definitely come back again but still not my favourite japanese restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service was great . the food was good you get what you pay for . i have no complaints . i will not hesitate to visit again if i was in the area . if your looking for a good place to have lunch then this is definitely a great spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "family owned restaurant that does both traditional japanese and korean food . i never have dined in at this location , i usually call ahead and pick up . the fish tastes fresh , which is one of the reasons i go here versus another all you can eat sushi place nearby . food is good but the main reason i give this restaurant 5 stars is the service is stellar . they lady is very welcoming , offering me a seat and free green tea if there is a short wait . she even offers to help you take your order to the car if it is a large order . from a takeout perspective this is good place to get sushi , i will have to do another review when i eat in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was excellent . prepared sushi salmon tuna shrimp and dynamite sushi were excellent . miso soup and salad . as well the service and friendly atmosphere was great . could have used more ginger . great . i 'll definitely return to try korean dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi is fresh but i would skip the pork bone soup . maybe it was their off day but my bowl of soup came half full like they ran out of broth and although the meat was tender , the whole thing was lacking flavours . we had the spider roll which was good and the korean chirashi and i ordered take out , also good . would return again if i am in the neighbourhood for fish only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a hankering for sushi this past sunday . i 've been on a hamachi obsession lately . i found this restaurant from another review site where reviewers gave it such high marks . this place had negi toro and negi hamachi makis so i ordered them . generally , most places ca n't really go wrong with this unless the fish quality is terrible . when i was given the rolls , the rolls looked like it vomited in itself . the fish was chopped up with the onion and had a very gelatinous and bubbly quality to them , spilling from the center of each piece . it really looked like a clear phlegm with fish bits and green onion . i ate 3 pieces but gave up . i could n't stomach eating it . the rice quality was terrible to boot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i have been going here for awhile and do enjoy their food . fresh sashimi and some great cooked dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went searching for christmas ornaments . what can you expect for a buck when it comes to quality of merchandise . my friend was not happy with the material and quality of some of the decorations . he was ready to head out the door . there was stuff dropped at the center of one of the aisle . other staff was in the next aisle putting away merchandise . anyone walking by can trip and fall or get their cart stuck . there were not a lot of customers here . can someone come clean up mess in aisle x . my favorite dollar tree is at freedom . they have better selection when it comes to cleaning supplies and more stocked items . conveniently located on south blvd in strip mall with ample parking . not too far from the tyvola lynx station .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "picked up a bunch of school supplies here for the yelp donation event and found the store to be neatly laid out , organized and just about exactly the same as every other dollar tree i 've been to . i do like dollar tree . this is the chain where everything really is a dollar ( though some things are 50 cents ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you got to love a place where everything is a dollar . i throw a ton of events . i always stop by here to browse and see if there 's anything here that would make sense for my theme . some days are better than others . you can get cheap table cloths and party needs here . there is also a party city a few doors down . stop here first ... then venture over to pc for the rest . for a dollar tree , it 's fairly organized and in order . some of these places can look like a bomb went off inside the store . the workers are pretty friendly . if you ca n't find what you need , there 's a family dollar less than 30 seconds away .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the location on freedom is much larger . the one further down on south is brighter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok. let me say i really like dollar tree . the issue is with this particular store . i have been to many of the other stores and this store is the most disorganized store i have even seen ! there are always empty shelves , boxes in the aisles , items out of place , etc . i am surprised that the management does n't do something about this store !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty big store ! it could have been that it was close to valentine 's day and that was the excuse for being out of so many things , but the store seamed picked through heavily and not straightened up . i 'll give it another try . it was surprisingly in a pretty good location right off south blvd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "some great service in here on my visit . like the fact that at a dollar store everything is a dollar unlike most dollar stores . well lit store everything was easy to find and shelves were in order so i will visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "closest store to our hotel . just needed some milk and snacks for stay . ended up buying a few other really fun items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had everything i wanted , but the service is described as slow ! 4 employees standing around and only one cash register was open ! i can only imagine the quality of service during the holiday season !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just bought a porsche 911 from mike and david at arizona vehicle management , and was thrilled with the experience . no pressure , no bull , just a couple of honest gentlemen who must be out to change people 's pre-conceptions about the ( usually painful ) used-car buying experience . i 've bought over a dozen new and used luxury sports cars over the years and this experience was by far the simplest , easiest , no-nonsense process that i have ever had as a buyer . beyond that they absolutely went above and beyond the call of duty to facilitate a 3rd-party inspection , cover a minor service item , handle all the shipping to ca , and took care of the title and paperwork . the car is fabulous , and the purchasing process was downright enjoyable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we drove from buckeye to scottsdale to get this beautiful corvette we dealt with mike what a great experience it was so if your in the market for a beautiful car look him up ... you wo n't be sorry . thank you mike for making chris and i so welcome and comfortable we shall pass the word on for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty awesome experience . my wife and i visited a different dealership in scottsdale in search of a used glk 350 and experienced the type of experience that puts `` buying a car '' into the top 5 most stressful situations . so we were pretty reserved and defensive going to a different `` used car dealer '' . these guys , mike and his dad , delivered the exact opposite of what we expected . mike was honest , accommodating , and informative . i did n't feel like i was being run around , mike worked to get answers that we had , was not pressured , no upsales or junk , i was given all the information i needed to make a decision , and was delivered service beyond expectations . i just appreciated the honesty and the down to earth feel i got from dealing with these guys and when it comes time to get another car this will be the place i go . no pressure , no bs , just business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a 2009 mini cooper-s from arizona vehicle management ( avm ) . over the past 60 years , i have purchased many vehicles , both new and used . if you are in the market to purchase a used vehicle from a consummate professional , you need to see mike kaplan at avm . without reservation i can state : `` you can trust him ! '' i am totally pleased with my purchase and the way that mike took care of my every need . again , without reservation , go see mike for your next used car experience ! scott h .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review comes after 4 years of ownership of the bmw i purchased from avm . great experience with the father and son dealership team . great car , still driving it today . 5-star experience ; except my reason for 4-stars : when i entered the dealership lobby and asked to see their bmw , the father asked me `` are you even familiar with such luxury cars ? '' which i think is because i was in a bohemian-ish attire . not cool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast and easy process ... . mike was pretty straight forward in his approach to selling his auto ... was looking for a vw cc ... mike had a 2013 in good shape and took our 09 cts in on trade .. would of like more for our trade and paid a little less for the cc ... but that 's the business ..would have gave 5 stars but avm is limited on funding options and the cc needed 2 new tires .. got financed and mike put on 2 new tires ..but they were not the same model ..we bought 2 additional tires to match the set ... and blacked out the cc", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently purchase a 2013 lexus gs from arizona vehicle management . i could not have been happier with the results of using them ! they found the dream car i had been wanting for a longtime at a price i was very pleased with . the attention to detail was best in class . they also made the financing process very seamles and easy . i was in and out the door in less than 30 minutes . i highly recommend using their services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great guys that are focused on customer satisfaction . michael and david are honest gents that offer a non-pressure no hype sales environment . i purchased a porsche from their business ; the transaction was smooth , simple , and fast . i highly recommend az vehicle mgmt if you are looking to purchase a pre-owned vehicle . they have a nice selection of both luxury and sport cars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in to get a new phone and was dreading it . i had to get a new sim card and quickly . i was immediately approached by a friendly and very helpful employee . i explained that i did n't have a lot of time and how my past experiences never went well . she promised me that she would get me in and out in a quick manner to accommodate me . i was hopeful yet doubtful . my new phone was activated and she even taught me a few things . literally less than 5 minutes and i was ready to go ! ! thank goodness ! kassie was awesome ! ! her knowledge and customer service has restored my hope at this location . 5 stars for great customer service and efficiency ! ! i highly recommend this location for your wireless needs . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst service ever ! i 've been here 3 days this week trying to get service and have had to jump through all types of hoops like a circus poodle . the sales staff is horribly undertrained , if trained at all . the managers do n't seem to know what 's going on . on 2 occasions today they all were heard laughing and joking in the back while the store was full of customers . i really wish it was possible to give them less than 1 star because that 's what they deserved . after spending 3 hours in the store today waiting to get service i finally left . if you ever need anything from at & t just make the extra drive to the next store because this one is awful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "happily sell you a defective phone and refuse to fix it . this location has always been horrible and continues to be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kameron was friendly , helpful and efficient . much better at & t store than the location at rampart andcharleston . kameron helped us upgrade our phones and did it without making us wait around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i 've had great experience with many of the reps here , the last time we went in was because my daughter cracked her iphone glass . the rep told her to go to `` iphone doctor '' on charleston . i do n't know if he got some sort of kickback from them , but i do n't think they should push third party repair places , knowing it will void apple 's warrantee . iphone doctor screwed up my daughter 's phone , so now we 're screwed . i 'm not blaming at & t for ruining her phone ( that would be a one-star ) , but i do n't think they should be pushing people away from apple repairs . btw , iphone doctor said it 's not their fault even though two other techs have looked at it and said they damaged the mother board .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after a ridiculous experience at the boca park location friday , oct. 9 ( where 5 employees felt it was more important to stand around and talk to each other while 4 people were waiting ) , we decided to go out of our way to the w. lake mead location . my mom wanted to sign up for new service and get a new phone . we were greeted and then immediately someone came to assist us . raymond was awesome ! ! he explained everything about the plans available and took the time to show my mom about her new i-phone . he was extremely patient , personable and informative . he even told us he was supposed to be going to lunch , but the customer comes first . he is definitely a prime example of excellent customer service . he should teach a class to the boca park location employees . we will definitely be taking all of our business here even though boca park is closer . you rock , raymond ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there were four employees one rushing out because she was off and wrote my name n wrong then two standing around talking to each other while three other customers looking around waiting for help . only one employee was actually helping people . kameron was the only employee helping and even though i was irritated and rude . he still have great customer service . i appreciate that it changed my attitude toward him", "score": "2"}
{"review": "made the switch back to at & t and it was painless ! steph greeted me at the door and immediately helped me out . wanted to keep the same number and despite running into a slight porting issue , she called whoever and made it happen ! you rock girl ! she was super friendly and had me in out of the store within the hour . definitely would recommend this corporate at & t location : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new service plan and i got more than that . i received the best customer service . adam was super nice and patient with me . i had so many questions and he had all the answers . he was super personable . one of the main reasons i decided to join at & t was the customer service . they made verison look bad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great crew . each person has something special to offer and they all know what they are doing . my mom switched after 10 years with verizon because of some bozo there ... much happier with at & t .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location ! love the employees , phone was on its last limb and fraser came to my rescue ! ! ! ! ! spent a couple hours there ( due to my sh ty phone , not them ... ) but the time flew by , they were great . highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really bad service the manager a women let another people go before me and i was there for 1hr , she sucks they need to get a new manager soon bad bad service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the best stores here in las vegas ! a associate there named jacob is awesome ! thank you jacob for giving my mother in law and i the best customer service ever ! at this location i felt they cared . and answered all of our questions without trying to push a bunch of sales like the other locations . p.s thanks jacob for not being rude like the store in boca park ! ! boca park store is the worst ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family has been buying phones at this location for years - excellent service - excellent employees . they wo n't let you leave until you are happy . if you go in with a question - the staff is always pleased to provide an answer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in this office to see if at & t offered internet service in las vegas . i want to give a high-five to kassie kennedy for being so well informed and helpful . unfortunately , at & t does not supply internet in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best staff ! ! ! seriously amazing ! i came in stressed with time and they took all my worries away ! amazing management . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware shopping here ! this is an authorized retailer , not a verizon store . we spent three hours here and are very unhappy with the results . we are in a family plan and went in to switch to verizon . we had one phone to upgrade . we were talked into getting three new phones ( supposedly free ) and other gadgets ( also supposedly free ) . we are going to end up paying $ 2700 for all this `` stuff '' plus our monthly verizon charge . we would quit verizon but it seems to work in areas that do n't get good service from other carriers . if you really want verizon do not go anywhere that says `` authorized retailer '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "with how great crystal has taken care of me in the past few months this company is a joke they have promotions that you do not get honored . all i get is a run around with anything i want to get accomplished . i want an executive level manager to contact me asap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst ! there for three hours with every id ! set up dish network but could n't purchase phones because i could n't supply a address 15 years ago ! beyond pissed ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here tonight to meet with a friend for some shisha and some good conversation with friends - this place delivers on all fronts ! it 's a super chill location just a stones throw away from ossington and bloor ( and even closer to the mcdonald 's ) . they have a pretty decent selection of beer , nothing crazy , but let 's be honest you 're not really coming here for beer or cocktails . the vibe and music are super chill , just an endless loop of trance music playing over and over again . the decor is pretty nice as well , with ample comfy chairs everywhere . for our hookah session we went with the vip which comes loaded with ice , lemon juice and water in the base . we added milk for an extra $ 5 which made for an even smoother smoke . definitely planning on returning and being a regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disgusting ! i went here with a friend and everything seemed okay until the waiter brought the sheesha . he was actually sucking on it before he gave it to us , gross ! he never even asked us if we wanted him to light it for us and when he brought it i had to ask for mouth guards . that really pissed me off afterward . who does he think he is ! ? this place is really unprofessional and not the kind of place you want to bring someone for a nice time . i would recommend getting a root canal over the service in this place . i 've even written to the ministry of health as they serve food and alcohol . who know 's what goes on in the kitchen ? ! i shudder to think it . ew !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here to grab some food for the night . but it was a big mistake as i had their kebabs . i 'm not sure if i 'm wrong for going here for food ( because they have it on the menu ) or if they are wrong to serve food when they may be catering more to a lounge clientele . the lounge had nothing exotic to it considering the fact it was a sheesha lounge by name . overly disappointing trip we made and had to eat food at a fast food place thereafter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to this place many times in the past as it was the nicest shisha place around . on this occasion , i intended to go to nazareth , but it was super busy and way too cold to wait outside , so we ended up here . it changed quite a bit since the last time i was there . the menu was more expensive and they had interesting add-ons to increase the price of the shisha . two excellent examples , $ 30 for a pitcher of budweiser and $ 5 to add milk to the hookah . the food was not good ; luckily i did not get any because i was still hoping to go to nazareth after . everyone felt like they received some sort of frozen or uncle ben 's meal . they charged 3.25 for a glass of ice with some gingerale sprayed on it . the shisha was simply okay considering how much we paid for it . i will not be returning . i would have been better off waiting outside .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had looked at the pictures online and since we love shisha , we were really looking forward to this place . we bought coupons online which clearly stated on the site to be used between a group of 4 . since we had 12 people we bought 3 coupons . the owner of this place was a complete and total asshole . he would n't let us use the coupons and basically kept yelling that we were ridiculous for thinking we could use 3 coupons . we basically left the place - but were super glad that we actually left as it was deserted . there were only 2 other people at this so called amazing shisha lounge . if i was the owner and wanted to run a business i would have been a little bit more respectful to the clientele that walked into the doors . definitely do not recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first review and i had to write it after having the most horrific experience at this place . i have been there 2 times before , and it was an okay experience , nothing spectacular , it is usually pretty empty in there . this time though , the owner is so completely rude and disrespectful to everyone in the restaurant , including his waiting staff but also to his customers . he was so disrespectful and got very mad at us when one of us dropped a piece of coal on the ground . he started yelling very loudly and belligerently , and some of the people in our table were actually frightened . he then ordered his server to remove our sheesha -- this guy needs some serious anger management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its a perfect place to hangout with friends . i visited a hookah place after a very long time and let me tell you that i just loved it ! sheesha lounge made my weekend just `` wow '' from perfect . you will always find this place over crowded . interior is a bit congested but then who cares when it comes to hangout with good friends . price- reasonable food- good ambience- nice service- good i am not a hookah fan but i will visit this place in future again ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is cool . i have been on the hunt for good shisha in toronto . they serve the herbal stuff even though they say its not herbal . it has a stoner vibe to it . lots of munchies on the menu . the table i was sitting at had a backgammon game", "score": "4"}
{"review": "should 've listened to the reviews about poor customer service . have not encountered worst customer service since eating in the seediest restaurant in beijing . their philosophy of customer comes last really shines . though the service was bad , the shisha was average . hence the 2 stars . avoid if there are other options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst customer service i 've ever had , and terrible shisha . the head burned after a couple of puffs , and shisha 's were poorly made . never coming back , and would n't recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here with a couple of friends on a monday night before a comedy show . really nice setup . the couches are pretty comfy . we ordered the special , which came with a second order at half price , which they allowed us to use when we came back after the comedy show . it was very quiet on monday night but it 's still a chill place to hang out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not much of a shisha smoker . but during the day this place is a very nice coffeehouse . the server was very nice and the chairs were made of leather and quite comfortable . my friends and i stayed there for a couple of hours and it was a great setting to just chill , relax , and catch up . they also have very good desserts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for my gf 's birthday with about 10 friends . reserved a booth in the back and service was great - just be careful of what you order as 'premium ' drinks can be more than you expect and your bill will be run up quite quickly . double check you bill before paying ! also , no credit only cash accepted .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is alright and the service is pretty solid . the special is that your 2nd hookah is 50 % off which is damned nice if you are going for multiple pipes . or if your partner does n't feel like sharing . however , the coffee and cake ? meh . and the 'vip ' flavours - some jazzed-up flavours using some special pipe and distilled water ... sounds fancy ... but i do n't like it when someone is trying to sell me on a $ 25 hookah . you for realz ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super cool and laid back hookah ... excuse me eliquid lounge . the guys told me after july 1 2016 no more traditional shisha . so we tried the e-liquid hookah . it wasnt the same for me . the drinks were 2 bucks which you cant beat . the place was empty we smoked and drank a little then we left . the interior is pretty big not sure why it was so empty though ? the prices were cool as well not to much , so it wont hurt your pockets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was okay . very pricy , but the sheesha is good . i went on a weekday afternoon and it was pretty chill . i live in the area and would consider hanging out here more , but the music was ridiculous -- really ( really ) loud dance & pop music . it was totally inappropriate for the atmosphere , and it was really disruptive to what might otherwise have been a relaxing afternoon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went here on a saturday night for dessert and had a fantastic time . arrived to find a very busy lounge area , but were seated and served very quickly . servers were also friendly and helpful . were a bit worried when a musician started setting up right next to us , but the volume was fine and it turned out to really add to the atmosphere . i live close by and definitely intend on going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best sheesha places in the city i have been to . me and a friend visited here , we did not know much about the place , and then once we arrived - we were very impressed with the place . plenty of variety with the sheesha offerings , plus they had multiple dessert and drink options . the seating was comfortable , the couches were laid out in a lounge fashion - it looked high-end compared to the other sheesha places in the city . i would definitely try out the place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "petite perle situ\u00e9e juste en face du m\u00e9tro ossington . ici vous pourrez vous affaler dans des canap\u00e9s moelleux tout en fumant une bonne sheesha . le bon deal ici c'est que pour 2 sheeshas command\u00e9es la 2e est \u00e0 moiti\u00e9 prix . je vous conseille d'accompagner tout \u00e7a avec une carafe de th\u00e9 . l'ambiance peut varier selon les soirs , du lounge au hip hop rnb . des orchestres live jouent aussi le week end . possibilit\u00e9 de r\u00e9server une salle vip \u00e0 l'arri\u00e8re avec ambiance campement dans le d\u00e9sert avec des tentes install\u00e9es \u00e0 l'int\u00e9rieur du bar . little gem located just in front of the ossington station . here you can relax in fluffy couches while smoking your sheesha . the good deal here is to get 2 sheeshas and the second one will be half price . my advice : order a jug of tea with that . the atmosphere can change from one night to another from lounge to hip hop rnb . some live band on the week end too . you can book tables at the vip section at the back with a `` night in the desert '' atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the decor of the place ! ! however the location is really loud ... you ca n't hear each other ... food was great and the hookah experience was awesome ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice quiet and relaxing place . good food , and very chill atmosphere . waitresses were good too , i 'd recommend . there are a lot of sleazy and sketchier shisha bars downtown , but this is not one of them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! this place is amazing . i had a really good time here . it 's a really good place to come and hang out with friends . i never knew what sheesha was and now , i love it and want to go back and smoke more . their menu has a lot of selection , which i like very much , especially for vegetarians . i had their hummus and pita , oh my ! it was the best . i definitely want to try other items on the menu . the pizza looked really good . the staff was really friendly and attentive . overall it was a fun experience for me . i will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to just go and hang out with friends . i went with a friend and we had sheesha and a few coffee drinks . service was a bit slow , but we were n't in a rush , so it did n't matter to us . they were pretty busy as it was a sunday night before a holiday . we did n't eat so i ca n't comment on the food , but the drinks were good and so was the sheesha . i 've never had the herb sheesha but as i discovered it seems that 's all they have in toronto . a little harsher on the throat than tobacco , but still good . we had the watermelon and it was great , and it tasted a lot like real watermelons . we did n't get a second one , but i did like that they offered your second half off , seems like a good deal if you 're going with a few friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . walked in , wanted to buy my first gun . i have never been in a gun shop before . it was bright , clean , new and filled to the ceiling with guns . they had 2 counters and i walked up and was immediately assisted . they were patient and not pushy . after i selected a few that were in my price range they moved me to a private desk where i could sit down , compare features and ask dumb questions without being judged by other customers . i just received a follow up call making sure i was happy with my purchase . that is what prompted me to write a review .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great shop ! al , the owner is energetic and customer focused ! paco was attentive and thorough in helping with the first cleaning . you can tell everyone loves what they do and working with customers . they want you to find the right firearm , the right style and the right fit . everyone was friendly and appreciative of your business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hubby bought a firarm here . great service , the guy was awesome . soo close to home and our new toy place . keep up the work ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought some r.i.p ammo for my .45 today . the people that work there are very helpful and friendly . will definitely frequent this gun shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "al was very personable and had a very clean store . the overall experience was great ! ! he did n't make me feel like an idiot and told me exactly what i needed to ensure i have the right set up . personalized service with a willing attitude to go the extra mile has my business every time . the personal touch is lost in most businesses but not here . i spent over $ 3k today so this review is n't some random one to make anyone feel better . thank you all for making it happen for me and i appreciate you walking me through the process and making my purchase very simple and seamless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to these guys for a few years now , would n't dare take my business else where because they take care of you . they 'll help you with whatever you need and wo n't make you feel stupid . love these guys , highly recommend them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gun shop ! lots of choices and great people . looking into getting a suppressor from them . as they will set up the nfa trust for free . they are closed on mondays so the owner can catch up on paperwork and meet with the folks setting up trusts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in this place with a pocket of cash and intent on buying a new gun and was ignored for ten mins . by two employees leaning against the counter talking about their weekend . so i walked out with a pocket of cash and intentions to not come back . another gun store where you 're ignored if your not old and well dressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich habe jahrelang knappe f\u00fcnf gehminuten vom inselbad entfernt gewohnt und war immer gerne dort . nat\u00fcrlich ist es an hei\u00dfen tagen extrem voll ( nicht jedoch , wenn man recht fr\u00fch kommt ) , und nat\u00fcrlich sind einige teile alt . jedoch wurde es in den vergangenen jahren immer mal wieder saniert und renoviert . der kinderbereich ist sehr sch\u00f6n und abwechslungsreich , die pommes schmecken gut , auch findet man sein pl\u00e4tzchen , wenn man einfach nur ein paar bahnen schwimmen m\u00f6chte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anst\u00e4ndiges freibad , mit gro\u00dfen becken und rutschen und sprungtrum . jedoch im sommer total \u00fcberf\u00fcllt . mit dem auto anfahren lohnt nich wirklich , da parkpl\u00e4tze rar sind . sobald man im hinteren berich liegt muss man einen marsch zum kiosk auf sich nehmen und die eintrittspreise sind mit 4,10eur meines erachtens sehr hoch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das inselbad in untert\u00fcrkheim ist eines der zahlreichen stuttgarter freib\u00e4der . hier gibt es ein gro\u00dfes schwimmerbecken mit 50m-bahnen , ein schwimmer- nichtschwimmerbecken , ein becken mit 10m-sprungturm und ein planschbecken . au\u00dferdem noch volleyballpl\u00e4tze und wiesen zum fu\u00dfballspielen . hier wird wirklich f\u00fcr jeden was geboten , der im sommer spa\u00df und abk\u00fchlung sucht . allerdings ist es im inselbad auch immer sehr , sehr voll . tipp : besucher sollten vorh\u00e4ngeschl\u00f6sser mitbringen , da dies dort vorausgesetzt wird , d.h. an den schr\u00e4nken sind keine schl\u00f6sser . alternativ kann man auch ein schloss am kiosk kaufen . insgesamt kann ich das bad sehr empfehlen , auch wenn ich mir bei meinem ersten besuch im letzten jahr einen richtig dicken sonnenbrand geholt hab ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the 5 pools are numerous and range from a massive kiddie pool with water slides to full on olympic swimming pool with swimming lanes plus a dive pool with a 10 m tower.a seperate pool for naturalists ( fkk ) .loads of outdoor areas to find space and being on an island in the middle of the neckar river provides some wonderful views behind the dive pool.decent concession stand with a full range of beers , wines , and food.the asian noodle veg stir fry was tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das inselbad ist eine gro\u00dfe badelandschaft mit gro\u00dfem schwimmerbecken , tauchbecken mit 10m turm , schwimmerbecken im fkk-bereich und einem spa\u00dfbecken mit wasserwirbel und zwei rutschen . zudem gibt es noch ein kinderbecken . im bad hat es viele liegewiesen , die teilweise mit b\u00e4umen sch\u00f6n abgeschattet sind . in der n\u00e4he des eingangs gibt es noch einen kletterturm und einen matschbereich . beim eingang findet man auch den gastronomischen teil des bades ( wobei es hinten zwischen spassbecken und schwimmerbecken auch noch zumindest getr\u00e4nke und eis gibt ) . man kann recht gut einen ganzen tag im inselbad verbringen . und viele g\u00e4ste r\u00fccken auch mit k\u00fchltaschen und bierk\u00e4sten an . etwas nervig ist , dass es ( am eingang ) nur 25 schlie\u00dff\u00e4cher hat . das inselbad ist auf einer kleinen neckarinsel gelegen und mit u4 und u13 , sowie der s-bahn ( haltestelle untert\u00fcrkheim ) gut erreichbar . vor dem eingang hat es einige parkpl\u00e4tze f\u00fcr autos , aber die sind im sommer im allgemeinen recht schnell voll . ab 18 uhr gibt es erm\u00e4\u00dfigten eintritt , da um 19 uhr die becken geschlossen werden .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mein zweites freibad in stuttgart und umgebung . im gegensatz zum freibad am killesberg war es sehr sch\u00f6n . aus der stuttgarter innenstadt gut mit der s-bahn erreichbar . eintritt kostet 4.10 , ist zwar nicht g\u00fcnstig aber wohl mittlerweile normal f\u00fcr freib\u00e4der . bewerten kann ich nur den fkk bereich . unter anderem weil dieser so gelobt wurde , bin ich \u00fcberhaupt dort hingefahren . es ist ein ziemlich gro\u00dfer bereich mit einem eigenen kleinen becken und tischtennisplatten . auch die toilletten und duschen sind nur ein paar meter entfernt . es war nicht so viel los und insgesamt hat es mir sehr gut gefallen : angenehme leute , nicht zu voll und laut komme ich gerne wieder . ach und ein kleiner nachtrag , weil so freibaduntypisch h\u00e4tte ich es fast vergessen : meine begleitung holte sich k\u00e4sesp\u00e4tzle vom freibad imbiss . weil die portion so gro\u00df war , durfte ich mitgenie\u00dfen . definitiv nicht die art von gericht die man im freibad erwartet , zudem schmeckte es lecker , sehr k\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4sigsahnig und viel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "willkommen im inselbad , der fkk bereich ist sehr komfortabel und entspannend aufgebaut . hier warten neben einem kleinem wihrlpool und einem schwimmbecken ein gem\u00fctlicher bereich . die leute sind hier ok , alterstechnisch sind hier personen zwischen 25-50 anzutreffen . dabei wird der norml deutschte durchschnitt abgebildet wie im freibad auch . hier ist es lange nicht so \u00fcberlaufen wie im freibad und es l\u00e4\u00dft sich hier gem\u00fctlich chilleb grins ... was drausen eingepf\u00e4rcht nicht so einfach ist viel spa\u00df im inselbad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pro : - gro\u00dfe wiesen - eintritt g\u00fcnstig - kiosk und imbiss - kinderbereich contra : - viele leute - zu wenig parklpl\u00e4tze - essen trinken \u00fcberteuert f\u00fcr die quali - pfand viel zu hoch - \u00f6ffnungszeiten zu kurz", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eins der \u00e4ltesten freib\u00e4der stuttgarts ! wenn die sonne runterknallt an hei\u00dfen tagen ist jedes fl\u00e4ckchen besetzt au\u00dfer man kennt die pl\u00e4tzchen hinter den sprungturm und am hang hinter dem ausgugg der bademeister.dort findet man auch idyllische schattige liegepl\u00e4tze mit sicht und schallschutz vor der schon etwas lauten meute : ) der abgetrennte fkk bereich ist der wahrliche place to be zum entspannen und sich wohlf\u00fchlen hier ist im gegensatz zum restlichen bad nicht so \u00fcberf\u00fcllt . mit eigenen becken mit whirlpool und blubberliege l\u00e4sst es sich mit nackten \u00e4rschle aushalten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mein fall ist es nicht , das inselbad . das liegt zum einen daran , dass es an einigen ecken einfach ein wenig heruntergekommen und renovierungsbed\u00fcrftig wirkt , zum anderen am publikum . zwischen schlecht erzogenen kids , die einander mit schwimmnudeln verpr\u00fcgeln und einem auch im schwimmerbecken die wasserb\u00e4lle an den kopf werfen , ohne dass da ein bademeister eingreifen w\u00fcrde , und unversch\u00e4mten teenagern , die sich dort zum feiern und rumgr\u00f6len treffen und einen auch durchaus mal recht r\u00fcde beleidigen , tummeln sich noch ein paar naser\u00fcmpfende rentner , die tun , als geh\u00f6re das bad ihnen allein . so macht das keinen spa\u00df .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ein super freibad mit humanen preisen ; ) nur teilweise etwas \u00fcberf\u00fcllt , doch geheime ecken lassen das freibaderlebniss zum abenteuer werden ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das inselbad in untert\u00fcrkheim ist bei den derzeitigen preisen mit den daf\u00fcr angebotenen leistungen ganz ok. allerdings gibt es einige abstriche : f\u00fcr die schr\u00e4nke muss man vorh\u00e4ngeschl\u00f6sser mitbringen , nicht \u00fcberall sind umkleidekabinen , schr\u00e4nke oder duschen ( etwas un\u00fcbersichtlich aufgeteilt ) , f\u00fcr getr\u00e4nkeflaschen wird \u00fcberh\u00f6hter pfand verlangt , sehr voll ( wof\u00fcr aber die betreiber nichts k\u00f6nnen ... ) , zu kurze \u00f6ffnungszeiten , denn derzeit gibt es auch noch 21 uhr angenehme temperaturen ! viele w\u00fcrden abends sicherlich auch noch gerne f\u00fcr ein paar `` runden '' vorbei kommen . die m\u00fchleimer waren bei unserem besuch sehr voll ( \u00fcberf\u00fcllt ) . alles in allem drei punkte von mir !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "heute war ich im inselbad und war begeistert ! viel liegefl\u00e4che , und hervoragende wasserqualit\u00e4t ! desweitern achtet man dort nicht so auf \u00f6ffnungszeiten , was sehr angenehm ist ! der rasen allerdings k\u00f6nnte etwas mehr gepflegt werden , liegt wahrscheinlich auch an den menschenmassen die dort t\u00e4glich sind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein echt cooles schwimmbad mit gutem eintrittspreis zwei gro\u00dfen rutschen einem kinderbecken , einem sprungturmbecken und einem schwimmbecken . im hochsommer am wochenende ist meistens viel los .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite being told by the first gentleman we encountered that our original salesman was no longer working there , it turns out he does and our situation was brought to his attention . mark reached out to us to see if we would be willing to meet with him and based on our previous experience , from back when we did our windows , we agreed to . we went over everything and mark provided us with a competitive quote compared to others we had received . if there 's one thing we 've learnt from when we chose our windows it would be ... you get what you pay for . because of our trust in mark and the known quality of the products this company provides , we have chosen to go with brock for our doors . i will update again once the installation is complete .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brock doors and windows is one of the companies i contact and set up an appointment for in house estimate as i have 14 windows that needs to be replaced brick to brick . after submitting my request for an quote i got a call back for appointment within a few hours and able to set up an appointment for the week after . the sale representative arrived on time as schedule which i think really important as the first impression is crucial for a business relationship . he gave me a accurate quote and some good recommendations . price wise though was the highest i got : 50 % more compares to the lowest quote which is over my budget . i know really hard to compare apples to oranges as i did read they uses northern light windows which is quite a reputable window manufacturer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't vouch for the actual windows , as it was not even possible to get the `` free estimate . '' i was told testily over the phone , twice , that they need a week lead time . well , i called a week in advance to schedule an appointment , and they said they would call me back with appointment times . after not getting a return call for a couple days , i called back , and was told haughtily that there would be no way to get an appointment , as they need a week 's notice ! could n't even get my foot through the door ... . my business will definitely go elsewhere . if they are n't in the business of making money , then they will do just fine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some of their products are ok as long as the customer understands better than they do . their customer service is awful . hopefully you wont have the misfortune of speaking with the diva like moron that thinks he owns the company . i have filed two complaints with the bbb . they are not accredited and wont be any time soon . i advise all my affiliates and friends not to use these guys and use uber decals instead . just dont use these idiots . if you have any questions hit me up personally so i may explain thank you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great site to order wall decals . i had some custom work done with them before and i also bought some wall decals from their site and it 's always a pleasure working with them . my decals arrived fast and they looked wonderful . they have a return exchange policy that 's valid for 21 days . unlike other companies they actually custom make their decals in 1-2 days ! you definitely get quality decals . i have worked with other companies before and their decals are not as good as trendy wall designs . hope this was helpful cheers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not purchase anything from this company ! ! ! ! ! to make a long story short , the item i ordered came to my house and looked nothing like the advertised item . when i called to discuss the issue no one returned my call and when i emailed no one responded . after 5 business days i finally got someone to answer the phone who turned out to be the manager ; he was the most rude , unprofessional , childish , non comprehending , horrible costumer service provider and a complete idiot of a business man . this place will screw you and it will be impossible to communicate to them as they are never responsive and ultimately the manger is a complete numbskull . there are plenty more decal stores other than this company , choose one blindfolded for guaranteed better results .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very disappointing customer service . they place themselves as a decorator so the only way to really know the color is to pay to get a swatch . despite indicating this on the site and they wo n't accept returns , which hardly anyone does online , it is n't to find on the website . i have ordered from other companies in the past who had much better service . i would not recommend them unless you get a sample . also with other sites you just put the decals in the wall . thus is much more complicated process for something that should be fun and easy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just ordered a wall design and i was informed that it was shipped and received by the usps . as we tracked the # , we notified trendy wall designs and all they could do was say sorry we will not reimburse you or even send you out another for your loss , please think about before ordering with this company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just bought a brand new house with plenty of bare walls . this company was very helpful in helping me pick out designs and colors just for me . very helpful customer service , timely too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this company ! customer service was knowledgsble and assisted me greatly and with my custom order . they also responded quickly to my emails in a timely manner . the decal itself was easy to instsll and it 's a quality product . if recommend these guys to anyone looking to brighten up a nursery or office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i was surprised to see the complaints about customer service as i have only had good experiences with the folks who run this company . but the reviews on their fb page were great , so i trusted those . i have bought cheaper wall decals in the past but they peel and do n't last very long , so i decided to give this company a try . wow ! the decals are so strong i used one as a bumper sticker on my car to advertise my christian band seven years . i have a fairly new car and did n't want to ruin my bumper with a regular sticker . the decal went on beautifully and has lasted a long time . i also got some as gifts and they all looked and worked great . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor product quality . poor customer service . no refunds ? use blik instead !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic company , quality product and great customer service . we have used decals before but these are top quality . installation was easy and customer support was very helpful . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "package was lost so when i called to get my routing number a man by the name of ace was the rude and most unprofessional gentlemen i spoke with . i was n't asking for anything other than my routing number and he was right away on the defense about there is nothing they can do if it was lost . i was n't asking for anything for free just a routing number . how rude ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this company . they not only gave me what i wanted but the quality of the decal is excellent . the quality of the color and photo image i had them make was excellent along with the actual decal adhesive . it does stick very well . i would definitely use them again and the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the large tree wall decal for all of my picture frames . the installation video on the site was more than helpful , as was the customer service . will definitely order again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these decals look really cool and less work than painting ! ! my little sister likes to decorate her room , i am going to ask her to look at this site !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they charge $ 7.50 for 5 gallons , many other places in town they charge only $ 1 a gallon ... they only have one spout for alkaline and it is slow . they try and tell you theirs is better then others in town , sorry but not true . they try and give you a customer card where the 15th is free ? ? ? you can fill 3 5 gallons and 1 three gallon for $ 18 at most places here , here it 's almost $ 26 ? ? ? i 'll go somewhere else and get it for a $ 1 a gallon ... will find a new place to get alkaline .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "moved here from ca and needed a place to get water because i ca n't stand the taste of tap water . i brought 2 , 3 gal . bottles with me and the total was $ 1.80 . $ 0.30 per gal . i 've seen glacier water stations outside of albertsons , cvs , and other supermarkets but i 'm not sure how often they change their filter ... so i decided to come here instead , even though its a bit of a drive from my house . i 'll be coming here from now on to get water !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for alkaline and purified water store near my location but there are not enough on yelp . i past by this one time and the owner never knew about yelp and so i asked his permission to create a yelp for him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best tasting water on earth ! believe me i been around the world and nothing compares to the water that comes out of this store . so refreshing and full of love . the couple that owns and operates the store are genuine and loving to whoever comes into their store . they are hard working and truly wants to deliver the cleanest and tastiest water , and i honestly feel they have achieved that and beyond . if you doubt my review i challenge you to come and taste and meet this awesome couple for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as advertised , they do in fact have the best alkaline water in town . very well priced and by far the cleanest water store i have seen in town . the owners are extremely helpful and kind and have been so nice as to give their regulars things here and there like free bottles of water or plant food . i have been coming here since my first visit , and even though it 's a bit a drive , it 's always worth it ! ca n't recommend this place enough ! they are awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "about a month ago i refilled 5 - 3 gallon bottles from their 24 hr vending only because the water store i usually go to across from sunset station was out of service . i first noticed a big difference in the taste of the agua store water vs the water i usually get at the sunset water store . i run a humidifier 24 7 and been filling it with the water store bought water . this is a brand new unit i bought about 3 months ago . i 've been running it for over 2 months with no white dust nor any sediment inside my humidifier unit - until i filled it with the agua water ! ! within 2 days , my humidifier dirtied up and the humidifier slowed its output ! ! it took me a while to clean my humidifier off of the dirty sediments from the agua water ! ! ! never going there again ever ! ! ca n't trust the outside vending refilling machine they have ! ! i wonder if the lines to it are even attached to their filtration system ? ? ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best water in town ! great prices and amazing service ! i love this place ! we buy the 5 gallon refills of alkaline water for $ 7.50 each . they are great people who just want to help bring great healthy water to the community !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent energy at this place ! amazing customer service and the water is super tasty . you want to be healthy do n't you ? you like drinks that taste good right ? buy this water if you know what 's good for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best water in town . never been to a cleaner establishment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza i'g give 2 stars at best ... i like the square-ness of it but that crust is just so thick ! ! i have yet to find a nice , thin , crispy crust anywhere in the pittsburgh area . it 's like eating a loaf of bread with a little sauce & cheese . the hawaiian itself was n't great anyways ; weird , thin ham covering the entire slice . sauce is good . cheese is even better . but the wings were great . i 'd even give them 5 stars . i ordered them extra well done , i just prefer it that way . the honey garlic sauce was awesome . and the jamaican jerk rub , after a little getting used to , was surprisingly good as well . so 3 stars total . yes on wings . no on pizza .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoy going here for the food , it 's very good and the staff is very nice . i think the wings are great and the pizza is too . as other 's have said , the menu is huge , something for everyone www.bigfellaswings.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has really gone downhill . they used to have great pizza and wings . now they serve cold pizza and dried out wings . we went into the store , ordered , and sat an waited for carry-out . the food was cold by the time we got it . they just let it sit on the counter and forgot it was there . when the manager was confronted by this she was defensive and unapologetic for the service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is good , and the prices are pretty much average . they do have a wide variety of different menu items . in fact , it is almost over overwhelmingly awesome the amount of choices they have on their menu . the cheese on my garlic parm wings was n't the best i have ever had , but they were still pretty good . the pizza and salad was good also . if you want some bar food or pizza and wings , stop in here rather than going to a franchise . i think you 'll enjoy the local stop here more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad for a local pizza place . pizza was ok , gyro was ok and fries were pretty good . nice local atmosphere . bar is connected . nice meeting spot for friends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stromboli was pretty good , wings ok. mediocre prices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when the owner is working this joint is spot on , lunch seems to be the best . when he is not around it tends to be a bit hit and miss . good grub to go with the good beer selection next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we purchased a 2016 dodge ram from here that buying experience was great . however the we had our first scheduled service for an oil change at 1:30pm on saturday 2 18 17 , when we got there at 1:15 pm we told william we had an appointment scheduled for an oil change at 1:30pm , we then went to the service desk and waited approx . 15 minutes for the paperwork only to be told it would be at least a 2 hour wait . and we were told our appointment was at 11:00am not 1:30pm which is not true , when the appointment was made it was scheduled for 1:30pm , . we did not stay and will not use ganley 's service department again , my husband had been a mechanic for over 30 years and changed the oil himself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called twice in the same day to check the availability of a very nicely priced used car . i even called to let them know that we were on the way ; would be there in exactly one hour . we arrived and the car was sitting right out front . we announced to the first salesperson why we were there and he asked us to have a seat . caitlyn was who we were supposed to see upon our arrival . she came over and told us that she is the 'internet specialist ' and would be handing us over to a different sales guy . that guy came over and told us he would get the keys . he left and came back 5 minutes later and lo and behold ! the car we drove an hour to buy had just been sold . however ! he had great news for us . he had many other better cars to choose from that we could look at ! we said , `` no thanks . bye . '' and we walked out . total bait & switch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service when purchasing our jeep and follow through . service has been very good and able to schedule at times convenient to my schedule .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "purchased my nitro here in 2008 and have been a loyal customer since then . eric was a wonderful salesman and bill cannto in the service department is the absolute best ! ! ! ! over the years , all services on the nitro have been done at village & i have never had an issue . i have a little over 142,000 miles on the truck and it still looks good and runs perfectly ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was horrible and slow . the food was okay nothing to come back for . other guest were also yelling and snapping their fingers to grab any waiters attention . my personal experience : i ordered a california avocado toast from their daily specials , the waiter then comes back out and tells me it 's not on the menu did i mean a salad ? ughhh no i know what i saw but i gave him the benefit of the doubt so he brought back out the menus , but this time he brought back out a totally different menu , i tell him that 's not the menu you gave me earlier , the waiter then walks away and next thing you know the dish i ordered is being served . the least he could do was apologize for his mistake . hopefully they will improve their service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a little snackle here before going to see a show . open table said there were no reservations available but we thought we would go by anyway and check . the restaurant was not busy and we took a seat at the bar . our server was eleuterio - he was wonderful , very attentive and friendly . we ordered 2 glasses of wine , the boardwalk fries and the shrimp ceviche . the fries were fresh , hot and tasty . i loved the aioli they are served with . the shrimp ceviche was so good , i wanted to go back the next night and have it again . it 's clamato , avocado , scallion and tomato salsa . it 's served with saltines and a tiny bottle of corona . it just tasted so refreshing . i would order both again and hope to visit for dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drove to las vegas already having this restaurant in mind for brunch . waited an hour for outside seating and it was so worth the wait . ordered oysters as our waiter recommended us one from east coast and one from west coast , ca n't remember the names but they were delicious . the shrimp cocktail was sooooo good too . did n't eat a lot but my friend and i sat outside for a good three hours enjoying the relaxing environment . 10 10 would come again and would recommend anyone to come for brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for brunch when i was in las vegas . their bacon ravioli is to die for . the sauce is so addicting . this place is pricey but it 's quality and worth it . the staff is so accommodating and attentive . this restaurant is a place where you can come to and relax without feeling rushed or pestered . the manager even came out after our meal to greet us and thank us for coming to brunch with them . i had a very delightful dining experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the worst experience i 've had on the strip.. a group of friends and i were there for brunch.. we had to hunt down our server.. paid for bottomless and brunch 100 per person to get the worst service.. we are all service industry workers on the strip.. will not come back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a visit to herringbone was well worth it . i savored every delectable bite from the tuna poke , to the seafood spaghetti , to the porkchop and the salted caramel panna cotta . it was a culinary delight . cherf geno has created a menu for all of the senses . he took the time to come to our table to introduce himself and he could n't have been more gracious . i loved the atmosphere with the chill but upbeat vibe . the outdoor space was n't open yet but it was beautiful and will likely be the place to be in vegas . the entire staff was very friendly and attentive . and let me not forget the dj spinning great tunes or the delicious libations , particularly the pamplemousse press . the only thing that could be better is if there was a herringbone in nyc . i would be a regular . it has been a few weeks since i have been there and i still crave the meal i had . well done team herringbone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it , thought everything we had here was superb . fresh seafood in the middle of vegas as a price point very slightly ( very slightly ) lower than the surrounding restaurants . ~ $ 120 for a dinner for two , without drinks . yellowtail crudo was excellent as was the burrata appetizer . had the whole grilled branzino ( yes its the whole fish ) and the white sea bass , both were excellent as well . service was efficient and friendly , and they have a fairly extensive wine list hitting a lot of different price points . overall an excellent experience . so why only 4-stars ? because this place has succumbed to the pressures of trying to be as hip as possible , so half of their tables are basically coffee tables with arm chairs positioned around them . who the hell wants to eat a nice meal sitting at a coffee table , trying not to spill your meal on your lap ? make reservations , request a normal table , and hopefully you 'll be pleased .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will start by saying we are regulars in vegas and dining is a favorite activity . this one just missed it . servers were great , menu was incredible and the food was prepared perfectly . we just did n't enjoy the couch service . eating a couple hundred dollar meal by leaning forward trying to reach your food is not that great . i would have preferred looking at my date . a dj ... .really ? i would recomend paying for a soundtrack and turning the music about half way down . it seems like someone did a great job on much of this restaurant and then had a 23 year old finish it who did n't know if they wanted a restaurant or a nightclub .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice little appetizer of meatballs and ricotta with some toasted whole grain bread , accompanied by a very nice rob roy and a friendly bartender . new place , so the crowd is young and adventurous , and an attractive decor that 's both modern and classic . great for a quick bite and some good times", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was perfect and food is awesome . i would eat here everyday if i could . better than expected . i had the king crab and fish ceviche . ca n't wait to try everything else . the dining area outside is lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for sunday brunch . we sat on the patio . the restaurant and the patio were really nice . i loved the vibe of the patio ! it overlooks the aria hotel pool . and for once , the food lived up to the look of the place ! we ordered a lot and everything was good ! now i have to go here for dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a fantastic dinner ! patio seating was closed which was disappointing since it looked amazing from the pics online but we sat inside . most of the inside dining is lounge seating . it was very intimate . service was fantastic . good was excellent . we shared little gem salad , crab cake poppers , sea bass , lobster mac and cheese and steak . the herringbone sundae was the perfect ending . okay wine list but the food made up for it . i would not recommend for dinner with colleagues as the setting is very intimate . i happened to go with my colleagues from work but luckily we are all very close . most dishes were designed to share .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is unbelievable . between the staff and the food quality , i have nothing bad to say about this restaurant ! ! ! will be back the next time i 'm in vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one our new favorite spots ! white fish ceviche on tostada was perfectly balance with citrus . the crunchy tostada was a great vehicle to pick up this dish and get down an dirty ! ! ! ! the roasted beet and buratta was probably one of the best parts the prosciutto set the dish off . salty , fatty , earthy , amazing ! 2.5 # baja style lobster was on pointe ... corn off the cobb elote style ! ! ! black beans and salsas were a perfect touch to an exemplary dish . filet with chimchurri simple but just what the pallette needed to go with the lobster . portion was perfect . we sat on the patio and enjoyed every aspect of this place . we will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i tried happy hour there on sunday 4 2 17 . all in all , it was great . we had the east and west coast oysters . while the oysters were great , the variety of sauces provided made it special . we also enjoyed the grilled fish tacos . for drinks , we tried the just about pearfect and the ballast point calico amber , both of which were outstanding . the service was very friendly , prompt and professional . we definitely look forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crab cake poppers . tuna poke . baby kale salad . whole fish ceviche . lobster tortellini . herringbone sundae . excellent dishes & nice presentation . airy open space . loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we truly enjoyed our brunch . the options are just enough , to munch on what you want , without overwhelming you with too much . just goes to show you that they take seriously the menu selections they do offer . everything we had was great ! from the parfait , to the burrito , to the pancakes ... definitely would want to dine here again if we 're in vegas again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to herringbone on a sunday night with the family . really the only reason we decided to venture here was because our booking came with a $ 100 dining credit- we decided to go with herringbone because our family is a sucker for seafood . i knew going in the portions were going to be small but expensive , so i was n't surprised to see that when our dishes came out . overall all of the dishes we ordered were great ! we ordered the yellowtail , lobster tortellini , truffle fries , calamari , and seafood spaghetti . everything was really unique tasting and seasoned perfectly . surprisingly , when we finished our meal ( we shared ) , we were all quite full sated . my favorites were the truffle fries , calamari , and seafood spaghetti . we ate outside on the patio which was lovely . the weather was warm but there are plenty of fans and mists . our server was attentive and friendly . if i ever have the money or receive credit , i will definitely come back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the perfect place to get away from the vegas strip life . the patio was so cute for brunch and the food was unbelievable ! everything was fresh and crisp flavors , had my palate screaming umami ! loved the staff and the vibe , herringbone is a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sent the menu back back as we decided to let the waiter and chef geno surprise us with a variety of their best dishes . loved the tuna poke chef geno is such a great chef and staff are such pro 's ! already want to go back . they were right on , and we loved the restaurant patio ambiance , our food , great people , live dj , and quick prompt attention when my friend dropped her fork . to top it off , we were so happy with our main menu that we could n't even eat dessert ! we will be back for dessert next time for sure ! do n't miss this great local place . would come here for up-style classy nights to be spoiled with amazing food and service . 5 stars for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in the second day the restaurant was open and had the red chili and the refried bean fry bread . the food was good . the fry bread was fantastic and the red chili was decent . the beans were ok as well . veggies were fresh , the sauces ( hot ) were fantastic . the place was clean and the kitchen seemed well organized . decor is pleasant enough . service was pretty much horrible . the girl up front never smiled once and seemed like she wanted to be anywhere else in the world but there and certainly wasnt interested in helping us in any way which was shocking considering the place had just opened . i will update with a 4th star if the customer service has improved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum ! had the bean and cheese with all the toppings and not 1 complaint ... do n't judge this place by location or the outside when driving by , if you do you 'll be missing out ! ca n't wait to try another flavor next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what exactly am i paying for , just the bread ? because you have to pay for everything on top . it 's soooooo expensive and the portions are sooooo small . the bread is super thin . if you ask for meat , there will be maybe an ounce of meat . if you want salsa , it 's $ 4 for half a pint . this place will go under quickly with these prices . live and learn , do n't go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little hidden gem ... my boyfriend loves fry bread . and since i do n't cook it , i figured i 'd research on yelp some places that make it . the area that this place is located in is quite busy ( cave creek & bell ) . was fairly easy to find . it 's a small store front and had a few people dining inside . we bought the `` arizona '' fry bread and the dessert sampler ( to go ) . both were very good . items were fresh . the service was pleasant as well . now that we 've discovered this place ( through yelp ) , we are in trouble . lol . will visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely tasty fry bread and very friendly customer service . the green chili carne was spicy goodness . if you like spicy , give this one a try . you wo n't regret it . also must save room for the cinnamon sugar fry bread sticks for dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love fry bread ! just found this place . we had the arizona fry bread . it was great ! really loaded with beans and meat , the vegetables on top were fresh and crisp . the star on top was his mother 's red chili sauce . it took my right back to new mexico ! we will definitely be back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time . only get to have frybread when i go to the reservation to visit family . my mom makes the best , so my expectations are high . this place is clean , friendly and has several options for everyone to choose from . i got the arizona works , to go . it was fresh and delicious . i 'm so glad i found a place near me , to handle by frybread cravings . i will be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hours of operation listed on the door state 8pm closure . arrived at 645pm and the whole place was closed . unprofessional and inaccurate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think that a lot of people come here expecting navajo fry bread but this is mexican fry bread . crisco vs oil makes a huge difference . as long as you know what you 're getting , you wo n't be disappointed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cashier gave us a plus service . very warm and sincere greeting etc . my husband liked this place but i was a little disappointed . i got the chicken arizona . presentation was great and looked delicious . i know it 's fry bread but found it way overly greasy . instead if a light fluffy bread it seemed heavy and greasy . i felt like a teaspoon of oil was released into my mouth as i chewed each bite and i could n't finish more than a couple of bites . i tasted my hubby 's and his was just as greasy . i also felt that for the price they were skimpy on the meat . i think there were two bites of chicken on my serving . i 'm really hoping i just got an unlucky serving because i was truly impressed with the service for this type of place and want locally owned places to thrive . i would have given 2 stars but the third was for service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i brought a first date here bad bad idea on top of the rude service we received from the guy with the lisp or whatever that was which set the tone for a bad dining experience the restaurant was dirty inside not pleased with my choice food was good or so i thought we both ended up getting so sick shortly after date ended i do n't think ill ever make the mistake of trying a first date at a dung hut like this without reading the comments again btw this ai n't a fake account i just made it to warn others do n't make the same mistakes i did", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible frybread , if you can call it that . overcooked and tasted like the oil in the fryer has n't been charged in weeks . we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have ordered from here twice- and both times food was hot and fresh and very yummy ! no complaints here- will defiantly eat here again ! keep up the yumminess !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my husband 8 at the arizona frybread on cave creek today . it is not traditional fry bread as the navajos make but it was light and tasty . they do not allow you to vary from the menu you ca n't take anything off of your fried bread or add anything to it which makes it a little uncomfortable . the man in the kitchen has all kinds of rules you must follow in his restaurant . i did not like the constant being scolded for wanting to deviate from the fry bread like adding green chilies to it they will not do that . there was no one in the front to help while man was in kitchen so i helped myself to a watermelon drink and was told that only employees are to touch it . i do n't think i 'll come back i left feeling like i was in kindergarten .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything is delicious ! i have ordered twice through grubhub their frybreads and desserts . omg ! you ca n't go wrong here ! ~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the mom 's special and red chili today . the service was good and quick ( no one else was in the restaurant ) . the mom 's special was very good and tasty . the red chili however was a let down . the red chili did not have the expected richness and had hardly any meat , the sauce was thinly spread across the bread . my recommendation is to rethink the red chili or at least add more meat -- increase the price of the red chili if you need to make it more cost effective .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've tried this place twice now and both times have just been okay . the service is pretty good the employee was friendly both times i went . ( only one person working ) the food however , just okay . both times i went when i got my meal it was n't hot . it was just a little bit warm . to me fry bread is something that should be served as hot as possible . secondly it 's kind of pricey considering they are pretty skimpy on the toppings . and both times i went , there were no other customers . not sure if i 'd go back a third time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wo n't be back . this is my seventh time visiting and my first review . this place sucks just look at the photos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time eating here and yum ! delicious fry bread and green chili is the perfect accompaniment . will definitely be back . we picked it up and place was clean and inviting . great for a cold and rainy day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fry bread was delicious , it was just a bit slow . we got the desert sampler and it was so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is very clean , kitchen looks spotless . the fry bread is the best ive had its better then the fair and the restaurant i been to . great place to get fry bread .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our go to place after going to costco , have been here many times and never had a complaint . it is always very clean . the food is good , cheap and filling . the customer service can be a little off =- depending who is working the counter but they seem to have solved that problem recently and i do not judge food by people working the counter -- thankless job if you ask me ( especially if they are dealing with some of the people below who left rude nasty complaints ) . i see where some people have complained about it being greasy and we have never had that problem -- even after approx 10 visits . there is never any grease on the paper liner under the fry bread . the green and red chile are both very good . if you are expecting a fine dining experience this is not the place to go but if you want good , filling food then enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fry bread is great but the price is a little ridiculous . the prices are maybe what you would pay at fair where you know you 'd have to pay way more than regular . but like i said the food is really good and the staff is friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "arizona frybread just opened a couple of weeks ago . i tried the # 1sampler and enjoyed the four items a lot . the red chili , the green chili , the arizona and the bean and cheese used high quality meats and produce . the actual frybreads were fluffy and not at all greasy . thumbs way up on the first visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from new mexico and i love eating indian fry bread at a lot of the mexican restaurants . this place was a little disappointing because the fry bread size was really small . especially for the price . and i did n't find a distinctive taste difference the 4 flavors on the platter i ordered . the flavor was good , and i really liked the 2 sauces they offered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this bank sucks . i came to get some papers signed and they literally took an hour ! ! ! ! there was no where to sign in or anyone saying anything . never again will i come here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stopped here to use the atm . this is not my normal place , and i dislike the parking area and the in and out nature of the traffic of sahara . it was ok for what i needed but it 's generally out of my way and i do n't stop here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i noticed that i was getting charged a $ 10 service fee on my savings account . i called customer service and they said it was a mistake and that if i went into the branch and spoke to a manager , they should be able to see how long the fees were being charged and that they should reimburse me . i went into this branch and they said they could n't do anything but offer me a $ 5 credit from last month . i have been a customer since 2006 and for all i know they could have been charging my account this fee the entire time , which would be over $ 1000 ! they offer me $ 5 ? ! ? ! what a slap in the face ! i closed my account immediately . i will never again bank with wells fargo and will tell anyone i know to stay away . they have no concept of customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to this bank with my mother in law to open up a safety deposit box . we called before heading over to see if this was possible since we had no wells fargo account . when we got there we were talked to by the store manager who we heard within earshot sigh and tell a coworker `` hmph lets see what these people want '' looking pissed that she had to talk to us , she very rudely told us that we could n't open a safe deposit box contrary to what the person over the phone told us . and that `` i know i 'm the bank manager '' . she then kept interrupting my mother in law who talks very softly . her name was a weird one something like sharmi something . bottom line if your store manager is disrespectful to potential clients your staff will follow suit . stay away from rude people like the manager in this branch . you and your money deserve better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after banking with these guys for 19 years , you would think that you would get treated with a little bit more respect . tellers are unattentive and not concerned with your time . my teller deliberately held me up and wasted my time..i should of got her name . i was too frustrated . who would think that a simple task of withdrawing my own money would become a difficult one . bank somewhere else or visit another branch . neil miner", "score": "1"}
{"review": "now this is how a bank should do customer service . everyone is nice and goes out of their way to be helpful . it 's always pleasant coming in here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these stars go straight to the teller by the name of hoi . i 'm not a big fan of this branch i feel as if they can be a bit disorganized . i came in today being the third person in line when the two people in front me wanted to wait for `` their '' teller . she was really sweet ! i would give five stars but the banker that was standing behind her seemed to have a bit of an attitude . thanks hoi : ]", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wf branch on flamingo and ft. apache is too crowded and not enough bank tellers . i prefer going to this one . annie vuong is my personal banker and she 's always helpful when i want to inquire about anything . it 's somewhat fast and efficient with bank teller services . i have to say the most quickest branch is sahara and rainbow . when i want to deposit , i try later in the afternoon . lunch time and morning seems crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "need to find a new bank . wells fargo says they have your best financial interest in mind ? haha yeah right . they 'll try to take any money they can from you . awful experience with wells fargo . definitely do not recommend opening an account with these shady people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst branch i 've been in . horrible customer service , and always trying to sell you something . had an overdraft fee of $ 85 because of a banker error and they only gave me $ 17 back.. even had a balance statement showing that i was positive . manager acted like she did n't care . i thought a bank was some place where you could safely keep your money ? not somewhere where you can give them money and they can take whatever they want from it ? i 'll probably be switching banks very soon because of such service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have only used the drive through ... these are the nicest tellers i 've ever encountered . i bank because of business at 4 different banks so i would know the difference in good customer service and great dispositions", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this branch has been pretty good for the most part until recently . i had an overdraft from amazon hitting my bank account twice . i currently do n't live in vegas , but i had my account set up here , so i figured i should just speak with my branch that has always just been there for me . boy was i wrong . the lady that picked up the phone was rude and unhelpful . she told me i could n't resolve my overdraft on my account through the phone and gave me a sarcastic reply that they have `` 180 branches nationwide '' and i can just go to any of them . in disbelief , i called the national wells fargo line , which professionally took care of business for me in a friendly manner . overall , i have to give them 2 stars for this recent rudeness , but beside that , they were pretty reliable for the most part .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am a regular here . i like this location . the staff is friendly , and the drive thru banking is never too busy . no notary though . otherwise , a great place to bank . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here today to alter some of my accounts and had no issues . my banker dena has been here since i opened my account and she and the other staff have always been nice and professional makings things a simple . to this day switching my bank of bank of america is the best thing i have ever done . thank you dena", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a consultation recently . i was surprised that scare tactics were used to try to reinforce the need for their product . and this was done by one of the dentists . there was nothing offered except extraction of all uppers . no other options were offered . total cost quoted was $ 22,000.00 for uppers only . and as opposed to what their commercial says , the final implants are not done on the same day . temporary implants are used on surgery day and then later the final implants are done . so their advertising is a bit misleading . if you have a lot of money and you do n't mind having all of your teeth extracted , then this is the place for you . not for me though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they only know 1 procedure the all on 4 , no matter what the condition of your remaining teeth are in they will tell you how bad your teeth are instead of suggesting other alternatives to saving . all the ads are to get you in their office so the can high pitch sales to sell you the only thing they know remove all teeth and put in cheap acrylic hybrid denture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all , let me just say that i love this place ... i will be honest and say there were a couple of times where i was disappointed , but for the most part it was pleasant . the eatery itself is a little small , but there are covered tables outside of the establishment for those beautiful vegas days . there are about 6 or 7 tables inside , as well as bench seating . each time i go here , i always get something different . and each time i always get it hot , and quite fast . i 've had everything from their shrimp tempura udon , meat jun , spam saimin , and of course their various sushi rolls . each time it has been very tasty & i have left feeling full , and happy ! the service has been very good , they always ask me if i need anything , or they refill my water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy grill is a quick grab bag of asian cuisine . there are elements of chinese , japanese , korean , and hawaiian influence in their menu . this is one of those places where it is easy to stop in while running some errands . the food comes out quick and the prices are reasonable . for three people , we had lunch for $ 35 . that included three entrees , one roll , and two hand rolls . the food is solid and there was nothing to complain about . i had ordered the mongolian tofu and a spicy tuna hand roll . my main meal came with a large scoop of rice and two cream cheese rangoons . as a lunch special , it came out to be a little under $ 7 . the amount of food was generous and filled me up . kept me filled until dinner and that is rare with asian food . they are set up like a fast food joint more than a sit down . the prices are a little high for that , but the food is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is good , freshly made food ! good value in price too ! recommend the meat jun , california roll and spam hand roll . food may take a bit long to come but that 's ok to me because i like my food prepared fresh ! hawaiian sun juice ... $ 1.35 . so far we 've eaten here twice and both times we were very satisfied and left full !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my boyfriend were at the target in the same lot and decided to try this place out for the first time . their menu is on the window and they have a lot on their menu . customer service was really good and their portions are big . i had ordered the combo of teriyaki beef and it came with miso soup , salad , and 4 piece california roll . my boyfriend ordered the loco moco . he really enjoyed his plate , but unfortunately my teriyaki beef was really dry and there were pieces where it tasted burnt . the dressing on the salad tasted unusual as if there was a lot of onions and off sweet taste . and the bathroom , it was disgusting in there . it looked like it was n't clean in several days such as the floor , the entire toilet , and the sink . i doubt we will try this place again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a place where u can get japanese , chinese , and korean under one roof . 3 of us in out party today . we had spider roll , wo won ton soup , kalbi bbq chicken combo , and meat jun . spider roll was good ! the soup was good thinking it had msg in it . the kaibi and meat jun had no complaints from the guys . not a bad place to stop by . the have iced green tea that i saw a handful of people drinking . overall average .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely love he sushi hear , the yum yum sauce here is amazing and like no other . i would highly recommend this restaurant to other . only wish they had all you can eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this place a couple of times and enjoyed the sushi . recently dined there and while sitting having a meal , i saw a cockroach crawling on the wall behind my husband . : - ( needless to say we both lost our appetite . i told the waitress and a guy came over looking for it . the little girl seated next to us pointed out the cockroach to him of which he grabbed a napkin to catch it . the waitress cashier did n't even offer a discount at least for the gross experience we had . needless to say , they 've lost our business !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just so happen to stumble upon this place , never knew it was here . we were going to anther place , and found a piece of metal in our food , so we 've been looking for another place . so i did a little trial run . i got a sweet and sour chicken bowl . ( i wish i had gotten it with fried rice ) the cashier was cool , and they did n't offer me any other kind of rice . so when i got it . i tore right into it . the chicken was crispy and delish . the rice was perfectly cooked . yes , i will be back . next time i will order it with fried rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food taste delicious and the service is alright . customer service needs to be improved . be more welcoming and ethusiastic . the prices seem to be expensive though . i was on my mobile internet looking at their menu . when i get to the store they raise mainly everything $ 1.00 or more . $ 9 for a meal is a lot to me . i 'll be going to this restaurant less often .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we order for pick-up most of the time . they are close to home and quick ... they have a spam and egg musubi that i dip in ketchup -yum ! -they have gone up in price a little but the food sure hits the stop when you are hungry and too tired to cook ! ! the barbeque is never marinated enough to my liking ... but everything else is good . the chinese food is good as well ... we love their orange beef and honey walnut shrimp but i tell them to go light on the sauce or your food will be swimming in it . i love love love their crab seafood salad which they took off the menu about 2 yrs . ago but still make it when i ask ... they should put it back on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i have become regulars here ! we usually dine in and the service is great . it 's a small , casual place to eat . we walk in , grab our own menus off the counter and pick a table . we never wait long for our food to arrive and the employees are really friendly . sometimes they get super busy with take out orders and may take a little while to check on you or bring you the check , but no big deal we just walk up to the counter and ask for what we need and they will bring it to you quickly . the food is so good , this is my favorite place to get sushi and their fried rice is the best . we will come here forever : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was out doing errands with my husband and stopped here for lunch . it was pretty delicious but our bill of $ 27 for two people seemed a little steep . since they deliver i will probably eat here again but we ca n't afford lunches that high very often right now . regardless the food was fresh , and cooked very well . my husband 's teryiaki chicken breast was some of the best i have had , although it took them forever to cook it . i had a salmon sushi roll and a little beef teriyaki and loved that it was more like a stir fry with lots of vegetables .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a quick bite to eat i qould recommend this place . they have good teriyako combos which include miso soup chicken beef and calbi ribs , along with rice and salad cant beat that for 9 $ love coming here when i do n't feel like having anything fancy.. their sushi rolls are pretty good too recommend the spicy tuna rolls or the dragon rolls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a nice variety and is great for a quick meal . i 've eaten in but usually do take-out . the sushi is good ( not fabulous 5-star stuff , but quite good ) and the quality is very consistent which can be hard to find . the chinese is a tad greasy but delicious , i love the fried rice , and the portions on the chinese are generous . tip : if ordering sushi to-go , ask for extra soy sauce . i always seem to need more than what they put in the bag by habit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know i have reviewed this place twice already , but this time i am reviewing because the last few times i ordered i have tried their delivery . i must say i am so glad this place delivers ! it beats the heck out of ordering pizza or something yucky , but instead something yummy ! ! sushi delivered to my door ! by an always nice delivery guy ! this time i decided to try a hot dish , i got the chicken katsu , and it was very good ! also had my regular : whats your name roll . one of the best ! its a dream to have sushi and hand rolls , tako , and stuff like that delivered , but tasting fresh ! so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service , no sense of urgency in this establishment . three people ordered after me , two of which had been served before my small to go order of spicy shrimp tempura ( which i 'm still waiting for ) . sucks . where is the order ? fcfs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was my first time here and i ordered takeout which was ready in 10 minutes ! however i was sorely disappointed with the spicy tuna hand roll . it did not taste fresh and it was tiny ! ! ! also , do not order the chicken katsu ! ! ! i ate a few bites and could not stomach the chicken any longer . it was like biting into an eraser . i could n't even chew it without wanting to gag . what a waste . on the plus side , their mac salad is probably the best i 've ever had ! ! ! fix your chicken yummy grill , that 's unacceptable for a restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a great chinese restaurant ! i order here even couple of weeks and they always get our orders correct !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please note the name on this place `` & sushi '' . this is not a sushi bar or sushi restaurant . when you walk in you must order at the counter , then pay , then sit and wait for your food . this is more of a fast food chinese restaurant than any sort of sushi place . the food looked pretty greasy and we decided to go elsewhere since were looking for sushi in the first place . mostly my issue is with the naming of this place than anything with the restaurant itself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the second yummy location i 've have been to , the first being on sunset @ marks . this is a lot smaller , more take-out oriented location . be prepared for a wait , even for simple rolls . sushi is not bad but a little overpriced . cooked combos are all excellent and they have many different styles ( hawaiian , korean , chinese , all delicious ) . odd location in the shopping center and in a competitive area for sushi restaurants . outdoor seating only if you `` take-out '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the only chinese place i come to here in vegas , income from florida and chinese food here is very different but so far this is the only place i like . i did n't give it 5 stars because sometimes the staff forgets you 're there . there was also this time i did n't want to go to the restaurant and we ordered food for delivery ( we only live 2 mins from restaurant ) they took a little over an hour and when we received our food i was missing an order and had extra stuff that was n't ordered and when i called the restaurant to inform them of the missing order they said they would bring it to me , however they never came . so if you eat i recommend going to the restaurant no delivery .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service when dining in . a little too small for space esp . knowing how popular they are . some of my faves items are : hawaiian bbq salad with ginger dressing , chicken fried rice , yummy bbq short ribs , double x roll . double x roll is juicy and crunchy.. w shrimp tempura , soft shell crab , cucumber , avocado , tuna , and spicy ponzu sauce . calling ahead of time to place an order is also helpful bc they do get busy , busy during lunch time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered combination fried rice and o roll 2 . fried rice was very oily and flavor was not good and expensive for what you get . the roll was very small for a $ 10 roll , it should have been $ 7-8 only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i gave them a long break and wanted to give them another chance , these 5 stars are for the super thick , buttery soft , salmon nigiri . it was amazing ! the other items ( mexican roll , tiger roll 2 , spicy crab , and california crunch roll ) were all great too . i 'm very glad i gave them another go , i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone at yummy sushi is always super nice . i 've been there 3 times since moving out to vegas 2 months ago . my fiance and i always get a huge hello when we walk in and the first time we were there we were bombarded with free food . we went their for lunch the first time and were given scallion pancakes as an appetizer and some chef special roll that was tuna and crab covered in tempura flakes and deep fried with a spicy and sweet sauce . it was amazing ! and free . the last time we went , we were there for dinner and the place was packed . we sat at the bar and hung out with the sushi chefs who were cool guys and handed us coupons before we left .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very yummy food . we like the chef special seafood . the oyster so fresh & grill shrimp head delicious . good place to hang out have dinner & drink japanese beer with friends . plenty room to book for event party here . sashimi always fresh here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy grill is quite convenient for lunch . if you want some quick and simple sushi rolls , this is the place to go . i ca n't say how their fish quality is since i 'm only able to eat the cooked stuff for now , but the cali roll and shrimp tempura roll definitely does it job in fulfilling my lunch craving . i actually tried the fried rice there one day and it was n't bad at all , just your typical american-chinese style fried rice . service is fairly quick and the cashier is always nice . if you want fast japanese chinese food , this is the place to go . prices are n't too shabby either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went in here for dinner . we were the only people in the restaurant . there were at least 5 employees behind the counter eating , talking , etc . after waiting 15 minutes no one ever waited on us . they all just looked at us and ignored us . so we walked out and spent our money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one young gal running the register , taking phone orders , serving people at the counter and waiting on tables . not an ideal situation during lunch hour . food was good ... service painfully slow . probably wo n't come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really love the sushi here ! for chinese food my fav would be beef broccoli with fried rice , the yummy bbq chicken and the yummy soup 2 ! oh and if you 're a spam lover try their spicy spam musubi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : good miso soup , decent prices cons : mushy edamame , inconsistent roll sizes with some far too large , fishy smell and taste , `` screaming orgasm '' sauce on the oh rolls looks like oily water mixed with chunks of mayo . the dining area is very drafty when the front door opens . i would not recommend visiting this location . the one on tenaya and lake mead has better reviews so that may be worth a shot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the owner , hard working man . great variety of food but here 's another chinese restaurant that pre cooks all of their chicken so 30 % of the time you order it is overcooked . the staff is great and they are very clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "come here often and always get the teriyaki combination , comes with sushi and miso soup for $ 10 . ca n't beat that deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very yummy food . they waiter was very kind and attentive . we also had a young lady tend to us a couple times . very casual place for lunch . really liked the cream cheese rangoons . will definitely be stopping by here again ! it was a quick visit , so not too much to say . food came to us fast , so that 's definitely a plus ! it 's hard eating out with a baby , because food takes so long to get to us , so they did a great job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is place to go for sushi . it was great foods , affordable , and amazing services ! it 's always busy , every time we come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after trying a ton of sushi places in vegas , we keep coming back here . the freshness , price and service really ca n't be beat and the variety on the menu keeps my not so `` sushi crazy '' fiance perfectly happy . i just wish they offered all you can eat , but we always get plenty of food for $ 35 ish", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i still enjoy this place very much and still go quite often . i 'm only rating it one star less because today i tried their sushi just a basic california roll , nothing special , and though i thought it was very tasty , it was very small in size . i 'm not saying i was expecting some monster roll or anything , but i 've had my fair share of california rolls and this is the smallest it 's ever been . it makes me glad i just ordered that and not something more expensive cause i 'd be really pissed about it . they still have bomb chinese food , cant go wrong with a lunch special ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . everytime i come home to vegas i make sure i have my meat jun plate : ) there is never a time i dont come here when im in town . my husband always has the yummy combo and it is alwats so yummy . my mom and i will stop in for sushi when we are craving for sushi but most of the time its always their meat jun . its always been my fav spot even when i used to live here . when i leave vegas i end up craving for it all over again lol . maybe they will consider expanding out to california ; ) the staff is always so nice too . thanks guys for always satisfying my appetite ! its so good that i have to admit , i had the meat jun for lunch today and then went back to have sushi for dinner lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sucks ! so slow , i 'm only here to get something for my daughter , i do n't understand why she likes this place . if you want real sushi go to i love sushi", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the worst sushi experience we 've ever had . they make it out of sight , which is a bad sign , and it tasted like it was a day or two old . not saying it was , just saying it was not very good . the meat we ordered was sub par , not horrible but not good . the salad literally tasted like they used cleaning agents as a dressing . salad is always a favorite when going to a sushi place but this one was downright terrible . on top of all that it was not cheap . would not recommend . they had good soda . nice people , but the place sucked . i 'm rating it honestly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this sushi place is pretty much a pan-poly-asian restaurant so there is something for everyone . check it out ... they serve japanese , chinese , hawaiian , etc . we sometimes do strait up rolls , or go with the lettuce wraps and wor wonton soup . if you want something heartier there are plenty of meat , rice and potato salad combos . you also have the convenience of calling in and pick up . we do n't live in the delivery area , so picking up meals after errand running is super convenient . when my daughter went to high school , i would pick up food here and drop it off . the food is well packed , no leaks . it was a great friday treat for her .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! quick and clean ! also have delivery ! the won ton soup is delicious ! dragon roll is amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good won ton min but hardly any seats for big parties 6 or more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there for lunch yesterday . discusting stench odor inside . cooks cooking w out gloves , and picking food off floor . rice was greasy and over salted . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "randomly chose this place while getting tea at sheffield . i was very impressed ! at first i was a little skeptical because it 's a very plain looking restaurant and their menu is so large . they have plate lunches , sushi , ramen , chinese dishes and sandwiches . i was going to get the meat jun but decided to get a sushi roll ( # 21 rainbow tempura . ) it was fresh , clean and delicious ! very affordable prices . most items are under $ 10.00 i will definitely come back . i think they have 4 or 5 tables and 6 bar seats ... they may also have some outdoor seating . they are across the parking lot from target so lots to do in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give less then 1 star i would , i 've been a consistent consumer of yummy for years now , that being said , my most resent visits has seriously left a bad taste in my mouth , both physically , and metaphorically ... i walked in at 9:30 , with 2 friends to eat , i was denied sit down service from an employee who was reading a magazine , on his phone , clearly being lazy ... after i bragged to my friends about this place , we walked out , me feeling like a jerk ( thanks yummy ) ... i will never be back , or recommend your spot to anyone ever again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service sucks ! ! ! they wo n't cater if you are allergic . honey walnut chicken is the same as honey walnut shrimp , just switch out the meats . but the cook said no as if it 's that hard to do . give me a break . do n't waste your money here since they do n't care about customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we come here for one item only all the time which they do well , spam saimin . it 's simple and delicious like how hawaii serves it . it has fried spam sliced and garnished with kamaboku and fresh green onions . the soup is better than s & s. service is always nice and fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always had great service with equally great food . i never really enjoyed anything spicy or hot until i had their kiss of fire rolls - omg . perfection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i used to like this place a long time ago . no wonder why i 've never returned until now.. i ordered a hawaiian chicken bowl , and i feel like i got ripped off because they gave me just a couple of pieces of chicken ! my rice bowl was drenched in sauce which killed the flavor of my vegis and brown rice . at this establishment always have your sauce on the side . sauce too sweet ! i 'll just go to teriyaki madness next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have good food i wo n't lie but their service is n't the best and they sometimes have new people working without anyone who 's been there longer so it takes longer and then my food sometimes comes messed up . not fun , but like i said good food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst tofu ever ... i think they cut up a dish sponge and put it in sauce ... threw the dish out ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my go-to place when i need lunch on the go . cost effective pricing , the food is good , friendly staff . hassle free ordering . you can call in your pick up orders which is super convenient for someone like me who has no time to sit down . also is in the same complex as a boba cafe which is a plus : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! the food is to die for and their service is always on point . their teriyaki bowls are a great lunch option !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here for a quick bite during my lunch break . the sushi was fresh and rolls were very creative and delicious . the service was also good and i was able to get in and out quickly . will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of sushi ; however , i 'm not a huge fan of how much sushi costs . when i come here , prices are very reasonable for the quality and amount of sushi you 're getting . the quality of this sushi is n't exactly `` top-notch , '' but it 's definitely better than so many other places in town . i love the 911 roll and tiger roll here . the service is always fast and efficient . my only complaint is that the seating inside is limited , but overall , fantastic sushi and service at a great price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leaving your customer on the phone for more than 15mins without any explanation . lame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty good fast asian food . nice service . and they got brown rice , so it works for me !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if it were possible to give negative stars i would . not only is it never okay to push , cuss out , and tell the customer they 're wrong , but all three happened in one single transaction . i will not be returning to this establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for a good spicy soup and got a great spicy soup , spicy ramen to be exact . friendly staff and fast service . highly recommend trying it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was one of my regular eateries . not anymore . lately my orders have been wrong and the food seems its been just thrown together . do n't order anything salmon because youll end up with less than 3 oz of salmon . so disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i decided to try this place on a whim . we walked in not knowing whether to seat ourselves or order at the counter . we asked the waitress cashier order runner and she seated us . we ordered drinks , veggie tempura and 3 rolls after reviewing their menu . i like that they have several shrimp tempura rolls which are my favorite . she brought our vegetable tempura and forgot the drinks . i had to remind her as she breezed past the table . our rolls arrived shortly after . i was n't really impressed with the presentation or the quality . mind you , i am not a sushi snob . the rolls just seemed thrown together . overall , i 'd rather spend the same amount of money elsewhere that does n't seem like fast-food sushi . might be good for take-out orders . they seem fast paced and more concerned with answering phones and take-out orders than customers dining in .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very affordable food and a large menu selection . my father really enjoyed this place . i recommend as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service is great . staff is friendly . i went there with friends . i ordered the screaming orgasm , chicken teriyaki , and spam musubi . all were yummy . i recommend this place to people who enjoy sushi and hawaiian , chinese food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently had dinner there : 1 sushi roll , 1 spicy spamasubi and salmon katsu . food was satisfying . however , tables were dirty and had to flag someone to clean one for us to sit ( she did , but did n't care to wipe the other dirty table next to us for the next customer , tsk tsk ) . took away a star for cleanliness . p.s . when you come in remember that you have to order at the register , no waiter will come to you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! ! open early and serve sushi early which is awesome ! ! ! if i lived here i would definitely be coming here weekly . food and sushi are on point . great selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "change your phone number or talk to your employees about answering your phone . twice on different days the phone rang at least 7 times . the first time this happened i assumed they were just busy . nope the place had one table full and they had their food ( i tried calling while i was in line at target probably 10 minutes before ) . that was probably a month and a half ago . today around 5pm nobody picked up . decided to eat somewhere else because of this . overall the food is pretty good . i have eaten here in the past when i was craving some hawaiian or japanese food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a place where they care about you as a customer do n't come here . they wo n't do anything about it . tried to switch out a seafood dish for meat and they said no . then they kicked us out ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this menu is fantastic and i 've loved every single thing i 've ordered here . clean area , good service , fast cooks , and quality taste . this is my new favorite neighborhood sushi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had zerorez come over to clean a couple couches that were dirty from our dogs and they did an amazing job . from the time the tech showed up , he was very professional , well mannered , payed great attention to detail and went above and beyond to make sure we were happy with the results . i have used a few local chains as well as national chains before but this experience was by far the most easy ... and the couches came out looking just like new ! i will always call them first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just bought our first home and decided to have the carpets professionally cleaned rather than doing it ourselves . zerorez did an amazing job . they were very friendly and polite as well . wr actually had a friend over the other day and ask if we had new carpets put in . there were some stains ( looked like soda ) going up the stair case and in a bedroom that are completely gone . my parents said that they will be contacting zerorez about their grout cleaning service after seeing such fantastic results at my home . highly recommend their services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from setting up the appointment to the actual cleaning , zerorez was friendly & professional . the costs are comparable to their competitors . but what really sold me is that the overall quality of work done without the use of chemicals . its been 2 weeks everything still looks great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptional service and quality . our technician was early , provided us with help in determining the best way to treat our carpet , explained all the products that he was using in great detail . they use no chemicals , which is a bonus for us since we have two children . he was fast and efficient and gave us instructions on how to treat the carpet once he was finished . when my husband attempted to tip the technician for doing such an outstanding job , the technician said that was n't necessary and was on his way . i would use and recommend them again and again . they made our carpets look better than i could have ever thought with two kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the initial quote appointment to the actual cleaning , zerorez exceeded my expectations . rachel kulka was so knowledgeable and helpful at the initial estimate appointment that i actually requested her to be present at the cleaning appointment too ! the cleaning procedure did a wonderful job on our retail store 's very dirty carpets and dried completely by morning so there was no disruption to our business . i am so pleased that i plan on using them in my own home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow- very impressed with zerorez . honestly , we were thinking of ripping out our 20 year old carpets . we have not cleaned them as often as we should have over the years , and a full family with kids , dogs , cats have not been kind ... ..these carpets were a mess ! they showed up on-time , were very professional - charged me the price they quoted and did a fantastic job . honestly , i ca n't even believe how good these carpets look . they have only been gone a few hours and the carpets are already dry . thank you zerorez - a very happy customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had three rooms cleaned and i could n't be happier with the result . i was preparing to rip the carpet up but decided this was worth a try . it was a kids play room and the carpet had every stain you can think of . he did 3 rooms in 70 mins from when he showed up till he left . the carpets look brand new and were dry in an hour . i will only use these guys and the worker could n't have been nicer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday , i had my living room & dining room rugs cleaned . the technician was prompt , professional & very polite . he did a tremendous job cleaning the areas where my old dog had accidents . the rugs look brand new ! i will be using zerorez again for my bedrooms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service with no environmental impact . my area was larger than quoted , but zero kept the original quote . the service was efficient and well done and the company was professional from beginning to end of the process at a competitive price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steer clear of this 'dentist ' . i had an absolutely nightmare experience with him when i lived in toronto . according to him i needed 5 fillings , and he was going to do them all in one sitting . i told him i thought it was too much and he assured me it would be fine . he hollowed out my teeth and let his assistant fill them and she stabbed me in the face with an instrument because she was n't paying attention . he came back in the room , told me he was going to finish the job . i left the office with a hollowed out tooth that he overlooked filling ! so i was back in his office 3 days later for a root canal because the nerve had been exposed . and it gets worse from there . so much pain , and so much money i 've spent out of pocket because of his mistakes . a root canal , an implant and an extraction of my molar . he 's a terrible excuse for a dentist and a pathetic excuse for a human being . steer clear .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to dr. brown a few times and always had a wonderful experience . the staff are wonderful . they do their best to squeeze me in and i always feel at home . today i had to take my son ( 8yrs old ) there for an emergency . he 's a new patient and they got us in right away . during the needle process , instead of my son crying , he was laughing ! dr. brown made the whole procedure fun and relaxing . their new office is stunning and i ca n't say enough good things about dr. brown and his staff . i highly recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were extremely fortunate to have found dr. brown ten years ago , and we have been patients ever since . over those ten years , we have had many procedures done aside from the scheduled cleanings ; fillings , wisdom teeth extractions , root canals , crowns and bonding . his work is meticulous . he ensures that you do n't experience pain . the office is beautiful ( and he plays great music ! ) , it 's easy to access and his office staff and his hygienists are terrific . dr. brown is the consummate professional , yet he is very warm and caring . he is the best dentist we have ever had and we recommend him highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to the dentist has never been a fun experience but my visit to dr. brown was pretty close ! i had lost a huge filling and was fitted in for an appoitment . this was my first visit to this location . the office is really lovely and the staff are very friendly . i had never met dr. brown . he is very kind and wants to ensure his patients do n't suffer . i needed a crown and was not looking forward to the mold , temp crown , and second appointment . to my surprise dr. brown said i could get my crown within an hour and a half . sure enough , with a computer program my crown was made and in my mouth within that time . painless , same cost as the usual procedure and it felt as if it had always been in my mouth . on top of that there was reggae music playing and dr. brown sang a few bars ! i would highly recommend dr. brown . you wo n't be sorry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and her family have been patients of dr. brown for a long time , and i have been going for a couple of years now . the staff are very friendly and helpful , and they accommodate appointment changes when we need to make them- we live outside of the city but travel downtown for appointments . the office is always clean and professional , making it a nice experience overall . i would recommend this practice if you 're looking for a talented , professional team to take care of your oral health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by this little salon in cave creek . i took my daughter there to correct a bob gone bad and kim did a wonderful job . the salon is small but i think that is what gives it its charm . it 's the type of salon where you get to know your stylist well and they get to know you ! i was so impressed by kim 's precision cutting that i will make my own appointment with her . one very cool feature of this salon was the color bar . it reminded me of a salon in nyc that i use to frequent . all in all , it 's a small space but it has some great artists there . check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little mom and pop shop . the pizzas are very good and the pasta is ok ( lots of 'make your own ' options ) . service is friendly and efficient . there are a couple of small tables but it 's mostly a take out or delivery joint . good addition to the neighbourhood !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small mom and pop restaurant , good service , and decent prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "diners beware ! extremely poor service here . we placed an order through justeats but it did not go through . the kid behind the counter refused to check my order number and simply said they never received it . he finally called justeats and said he rejected my order because we tried to abuse the coupon code the past few days . it was our first time there and only discovered the code today , so it could n't of been us . he refused to compare my phone number to the number he claimed made the previous orders . anyways , it was a terrible customer service experience and i left empty handed after 20 long minutes at the restaurant . the kid was rude and unhelpful , and honestly think he made up the excuse because he wanted to close up shop . it 's the last time i 'm stepping foot in the restaurant until the service improves , they 've got to realize there are tons of other pizza options around the neighbourhood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "s w corner of 9th line 14th avenue , this pizza restaurant is hidden in the plaza , away from the main street . it 's not a franchise . i got the large sized meats lovers pizza for $ 12.99 + tax . it was average . i went because i heard they have a good butter chicken pizza but they do n't make it anymore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza i have ever had ! ! ! everything is made fresh and you can taste the difference . favourite pizzas are the spicy chicken pizza , the bbq chicken pizza ( with bacon on top ) as well as the everything one . the owner does not skip on his toppings and gives generous amounts of everything . definitely the only place in markham to get your pizza ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chuy 's is a chain and there is nothing surprising about it , it is cheap and decent mexican food . this particular loaction has a great staff . they are always friendly and chatty . things that are cool~ they give you a stuffed animal instead of a number . that just cracks me up , so instead of the runner looking for number 23 , he looks for the purple crocodile haha . they have a salsa bar , the tomatillo and pico are both pretty tasty . they do n't put lard in their beans ( eat up ) . the fish skewers and shrimp fajitas rock . matthew k. may be there all hot and dirty", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have re-opened and the food is still decent . i had the broiled mahi mahi and it was fresh and delicious . they will be changing the name of the restaurant but the menu will remain the same .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're like me , you go to chuy 's for : -cold dos equis on tap . -tortilla soup when you 're feeling under the weather . -free salsa and tortilla chips . overall , i enjoy this place quite a bit , especially since it 's only a mile or so from my house . if there 's one thing on the menu to avoid , it 's the burgers ... they 're often overcooked , and i find it odd that the cheese for cheeseburgers is served shredded and on the side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh how i love a cheap pitcher of margaritas . then they hand you a stuffed animal to mark your table ! what an interesting touch : ) their complimentary `` chips and salsa '' bar is great as well ! their mesquite fish salad was actually quite memorable . their bean & cheese tostada even more memorable ( lard free beans too ! - lard is such a disgusting word . ) i could do without waiting in line at the counter for a drink refills , but hey , it 's all part of the experience !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been eating at this chuy 's since 1996 . the mahi mahi fish tacos are one of the best menu items . the chicken here is made fresh daily and charbroiled with a coal fire grill . they offer a variety of mexican beers . i find the margaritas to lack luster and they taste virgin to me . sad to hear that they will soon no longer exist as chuy 's ... ... name change coming after being plastered all over news for having undocumented workers behind the scene . everyone needs a job right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap beer great chicken and pork . they have a great $ 2 menu that is avalible all week including weekends . the pork here is great and so is the chicken . i would not go with the steak . free chips and salsa , you cant beat that and you get your own so no waiting for the busy waitress to get them for you . great margaritas and the beer is cheap . this is a great place to go and get a good for the money meal and a drink . try the baja sticks !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome meals , especially for the price . i was raving about that the entire meal . and i think i was a fan of the margaritas . i really could n't remember or drive home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for what this place tries to do , it does it pretty well . a laid back , beachy , surfer , baja style bar with broiled grilled foods with cheap beer . i find that on days when i am working on a big project around the house , getting all hot and dirty , i seem to gravitate here ( maybe two or three times per year ) . the food is average , but messy and filling so it makes up for the quality . the beer is cheap and cold . i saw that during happy hour they had $ 8 pitchers of domestic beers . so when you are dirty and tired this place is fine for a quick meal and a few cold beers . i", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chuy 's is kind of divey but it 's cheap and the food is excellent . the margaritas are not bad either : ) i love the salsa bar , which offers you a variety of salsas and spices to put on your chips . i also like that , though you order at the counter , the servers still bring your food to you . you can also open up a bar tab and do n't have to pay up front if you plan to order more later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first one my wife and i went to . great food but what is going on with them service is great tables clean and food was great took the family we picked familly meal that was wonderful even had food to go . we went back and it boy has gone down hill hope they turn it around becouse i would love to go back . except cave creek one", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used jeff and his crew when i moved to vegas in january . they were so professional and got things done in a timely fashion . i will be using again in a week to move me into my new house !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called and asked if he was available to help me move , and he rudely told me that i had already called and that he had already told me no ? um , i had never called him in my life . i told him that and he flat out started arguing with me . uh , ok dude . maybe he was just having a bad day or something , but i 'm not sure how he 's in business if that 's how he treats potential customers . i should mention that i 've never felt compelled to write a bad review for anywhere in my life before this . he was that rude . like , this was a few months ago and i 'm still salty about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called to find out if they are available to move my furniture . jeff picked up the phone , was extremely rude on the phone and then hung up on me . wow and i wanted to use his services because he had good rating on yelp . no thank you . i ll find someone else no star rating ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have moved over 10 times in the last 14 years and have used different moving companies over the years , but jeff 's personal touch was hands down the best . we used jeff 's personal touch moving service a couple of years ago and they were fantastic ! on time , friendly , careful and efficient . ca n't say enough good things about these guys . in fact , we are moving again and our first thought was , `` i hope jeff 's personal touch is available . '' they are the kind of company that you feel good about referring to friends and family . if you are looking for movers , you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love these guys ! ! ! we actually used their services about 3 months ago and i completely spaced writing a review . first off these men were very professional , fast and nice . secondly they are affordable , they moved our house from storage to a 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment in a nice timely matter . what i loved most was nothing was broken ! we have had movers help us in the past and they broke some of our things . i highly recommended these men ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were amazing ! my fiance and i were moving to a new house and just needed help with the heavy lifting . they did a remarkable job , were very personable and were prompt and efficient . if we need movers again , we will most definitely use them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time i have used jeff . he is on time and always professional . he works fast and takes the time and care that almost no other moving company can offer in town . i highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff and his partner were amazing . they were extremely punctual and very fairly priced . they were very quick , kind and most importantly carefull . my father 's furniture that they helped move was all antiques which they were very careful and mindful of . they even offered suggestions of where to put things ! i will absolutely only use them for any move this point forward !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best move ever . jeff and his men showed up on time and immediately got to work . they moved a 2200 square foot house in less than 4 hours . not a scratch or dent in any of my furniture or houses . i will use them if i ever move again . the guys were all very polite and professional and most importantly knew how to get things done ! i would highly recommend to anyone who has to move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read your comment jeff . i have used many movers just not in this area . i lived in fl previously , so i could n't use those movers again because they 're located in fl . i did tell you about the damaged couch and you laughed at me and told me there was nothing you could or would do about it . you also refused to wrap the mattress or anything else ( i asked to have everything wrapped with my own wrapping materials ) but you told me that made the move more difficult for you guys and that if i wanted to use your service , nothing could be wrapped . crappy service , crappy attitude , crappy movers . the fact that you do n't care about a bad review says a lot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used jeff and lou in january of 2014 when i moved to vegas . they were quick and courteous and their smoke break did n't alarm me . for their prices , it ca n't be beat . i need to schedule jeff again but the number listed is n't any good . help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stop looking around at different movers , just pick up the phone and call jeff . i have used him twice and both times it was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were on time , finished in two hours , and were quick and efficient . they were very careful with our stuff . we highly recommend them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went into to this dealership to learn a bit more about bmws . i 'd just come from across the street at audi and had test driven the s5 there . my wife wanted me to test drive the m3 as a comparable car that her colleague had . the sales person came up and asked us to what we wanted and we explained quickly . he then went on some long tirade about how the m3 was only for `` car enthusiasts '' and was n't for us . so then we asked to test drive a 3-series . after disappearing for 20 minutes he says excitedly that he has an m3 on the lot . wonderful . he then goes and pulls up the m3 and proceeds to tell me that we ca n't test drive it because it would `` ruin it for other people . '' at this point , my wife and i walk away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service person called me on the phone as he could n't walk around corner to find me in lobby when my car was done . i was sitting in waiting area . thought it was pretty lazy of him . tried to buy key change and no one was in the store or asked if i could if i needed help . also they did n't go over any of the issues they put in know about your car report . said i declined but did n't even ask me . i had to read about them when i got home", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is probably one of the worst dealerships i have dealt with ... the service manager was extremely rude and not helpful . i recorded our interaction and sent it to there corporate office . they way they treat their customers is unreal . bmw north scottsdale is a way better dealership , it is worth the drive .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was at chapman bmw yesterday for an airbag recall service . done within the hour and i was on my way ! but today , as i got into my car for my dog 's last blood test before her scheduled surgery monday morning , my car wo n't start ! missed the vet , have to reschedule her surgery , i 'm waiting for aaa to come and tow me back to chapman bmw in chandler ! as i was told by kris mason , it 's an easy job ! just pop in a new airbag and you 'll be on your way ! yeah ... i 'll be on my way back in a tow truck ! i am beyond upset ! after inspection of my vehicle and walking me to my car , no mention of any problems or issues ... only a comment about the dent in my rear bumper ! wth ? car was working just fine before i brought it to chapman bmw !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place thinks they are funny , it took them 15 minutes to tell me what was wrong with my car and recomended things that were so small that they didnt even want to do the service i initially went in for . it took them longer to wash it . then procceded to tell me not to drive my car at all ... .but i looked good in the newer model of my car ... ..are you kidding me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! ! this dealership has a very low sense of customer service . their sales people are more than welling to misrepresent a vehicle in order to sell it to you . poor management and low ethics are rampant here . save yourself the trouble and take your business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably one of the worst dealerships i have dealt with ! i bought my first bmw here almost 4 years ago from henry . it is time to get another bmw and i really do n't want to go back into this place . i had a particular sales person treat me like i was a child . he was dishonest , rude and condescending . i hope all the other locations are n't this bad , i do all my servicing at bmw north scottsdale , but i will give the one in phoenix a shot , please do n't disappoint me again . however , my car is everything i dreamed of and i will be a bmw fan for life : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my in-warranty 650i into chapman to get some minor items addressed , some of which were intermittent and therefore hard to track down . turn-around was not quick due to waiting for parts from germany to fix the drivers seat . my sa , jacob , kept me informed along the way and exceeded my expectations . in the end , the car is fault-free now and i 'm happy with my experience at chapman . greg", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so thank you for your generic response but i do not see the customer service in me making yet another call to chapman bmw . as my review states i have made a couple attempts to call but no call back and now you want me to call you . the proper customer service is for you to call me . i am not the one losing business . i have a colleague that bought a new bmw this weekend and before his purchase he asked about my experience with chapman so with my feedback he went to bmw of north scottsdale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently had my x5 in for battery replacement and worked with advisor matt konecek . matt always goes above and beyond to make sure each and every visit to chapman bmw goes swiftly and all my concerns are covered . the entire service department is top notch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently went through chapman bmw chandler to purchase fj cruiser . it was absolutely the best auto purchasing experience ever ! ! ! no long haggling on the price , they gave me a great price , helped me find a lower interest than what my own bank would do , there were a couple repair issues they took care of ! ! major kudos to manager bob arvizu , john wayne and lynn . we will definitely go through them again , thank you so much for all you do ! ! ! great customer service all around ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been with chapman for many years and 3 bmw 's later . vince has been profession and courteous on every visit . he comes to the point on what is needed now and what can wait . he understands my financial situation . the work is exquisite . jeff o has sold me a few bmw 's and will be pack to buy another one . he is probably the best sales person i have ever seen in a long time and i was in sales for 30 years . he goes the extra distance . thanks guys , ed kazarick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the sales staff to service staff to finance staff and general manager , they all make you feel like you are with friends when purchasing or servicing your vehicle . i would highly recommend david pence in service and john wayne in sales . being someone in sales myself , i truly appreciated their professionalism , knowledge and kindness in understanding purchasing an automobile is a big decision ! if you want a great buying experience , visit chapman bmw . do n't forget to ask for david in service or john in sales ! you will not be disappointed with your experience ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave pence was outstanding and very professional at getting my vehicle back on the road . he provided an excellent price for 4 tires and an alignment on my 750li . thanks again for the great service dave pence .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience , i bought a vehicle here the other day and i knew what i wanted , they made it really quickly and easy . everything was done excellently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much to my sales person alex and another sales person john who both assisted me in my vehicle purchase . after having totaled another vehicle i really wanted something i knew i would be safe in and i had never had a bmw . when i showed up to the dealership i was warmly introduced by the receptionist who found a sales person alex to assist me . i was able to tell him exactly what i was looking for and what my price range was and he pulled some cars he thought i might be interested in . the next day he had john help tie up the loose ends of my car sale and everything went seamlessly . there was no headache or hassle and they were so welcoming to help me to find my first bmw . i am so excited they were able to help a dream come true . thank you both , so so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "travis did an excellent job with purchasing my 4th bmw from chapman . management team and service are all great . love the loaner cars when mine is in for service . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just giving a quick thank you to jj garcia ( our salesman ) , after having spent the last few days doing the car shopping thing and dealing with far to many salesman that did n't know their cars very well or seemingly uninterested in helping me he was a breath of fresh air . he was enthusiastic and knowledgeable about his vehicles and all about being of service in helping my wife and i decide on a vehicle . thanks jj and we 'll be looking for you in three years when we get a new one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . m. konecek is a knowledgeable , dependable and trustworthy service advisor . great dealership to deal with for purchase and customer care post sales . have used them over multiple bmw sales from 2 series 3 , 2 series 5 and my first 4 gc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say ... we moved here from oregon on july 4th 2014 . we purchased a 325i in oregon , had trouble with air conditioning when we arrived to arizona . loooong story , short . when we purchased the car the a c should have been fixed by oregon dealer . it was not fixed correctly . chapman bmw offered to take care of the problem , put us in a loaner car , was very respectful , patient and kind about the whole situation . i say it this way because chapman had to wait for payment from the other dealer in oregon who almost was n't willing to pay for something they had already agreed on paying for , if that makes sense ? anyways if it was n't for the great service we received from chapman bmw and the great team they have , my car and i would not be together anymore . .lol ! they really are the best car dealer i have ever dealt with . thanks stacey moore for all your help , and understanding..whoop , whoop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my bmw 540i here and the experience was awesome , i have been only been in the valley for 3 months and this place came highly recommended . i am always weary when buying a new car but they made it hassle free and got my car at book price not a lot of back and forth . i suggest knowing what you want to pay and what your willing to negotiate before going otherwise awesome experience ! thanks austin and your right ac is a must in az ( lol ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "again , a great visit for service with vince a , my service advisor . always taken care of and this visit was no different . thanks a lot ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although a bit creepy to have my 435i `` phone home '' for service , chapman is generous and hassle free with their loaner cars . scheduled my oil change for the following morning , handed over a loaner , and were finished by lunch . does n't get much easier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently purchased an x5 through bruce kotlicky and it was a wonderful experience , he 's very professional , courteous and treated us like gold . i highly recommend working with him , i will definitely be back to chapman in chandler in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my service at chapman bmw was superior to any other auto dealer i 've ever stepped foot in . i went in for a test drive and left with a brand new bmw x1 and i could not be happier ! the service i received from my client advisor , savas makridis , was exceptional . he quickly allowed me to test drive the exact type of vehicle i wanted , and then worked to find me one that would fit within my price range and got me exactly what i wanted for my trade too ! the finance manager , jaclyn weiser , was friendly and efficient and made the whole process quick and easy to understand . i 'll definitely be coming back to champman bmw !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my car in with out an appointment and they were able to fit me in . i had curbed my right rear rim pretty hard the day before . bought it in to have it checked out . i was introduced to matt in service . very respectful and down to earth guy . he was knowledgeable about what needed to be done . he told me that he could fix the rim and that car needed some other things after scanning my key . gave me a loaner and i was on my way . matt called me a couple times though out the day to update on my cars progress . went and picked it up at the end of the day and matt explained what was done . car had been washed and was looking great . i could n't even find the spot that i curbed the rim ! total time spent at the dealer dropping off and picking up 40 mins . great operation down there ! big thanks to matt and the rest of the team down at chandler bmw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst car dealer ever dealt with : bought four run-flat tires for my x3 with the price of $ 400 each from the dealer . within 2 month period , one tire had a crack . went back to the dealer , asking for replacement since i thought the tire was still under warranty . it turns out that i have to pay for the replacement tire . the dealer said the tire 's crack was caused by some kind of impact . what i do not understand is how they determine the crack caused by impact and if they had any data to show how much impact would cause such a crack . would never buy any cars and any parts from this dealer again . very poor attitude toward customers who had loyalty with them before . bye , chanpman bmw ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "randy woods is our service advisor , he is sometimes hard to get a hold of normally i get his voice mail.. randy does call back within a reasonable time too . i guess he is taking care of other bmw customers . if he is away from his desk i see him working with other bmw customers when i show up for my service . that what i like the service folk are taking care of us bmw owners ... my wife and i both own bmw 's we went from vw tdi 's to bmw because bmw had the good diesel engines , we also love our performance and mileage . a big step up in a car ... ... warning do not go to tuscon bmw ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . see my review on this site ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my wife 's 328i in for its service and vince adams took very good care of me . he was knowledgeable , thorough , friendly and professional . excellent experience . `` i 'll be back '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a used bmw this year and began taking it in for some service and accessories . my service writer is jennifer mahoney . i highly recommend her for your bmw service . she is good at her job and rolls out the red carpet for her customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : as of yesterday i have my new vehicle and am happy to say chapman bmw came through in a big way . matthew tyler worked hand in hand with me to ensure i was able to purchase the vehicle without dealing with their state tax ( as i live out of state ) . it took some time and numerous phone calls , but they were able to work with me and matt delivered my truck . talk about service . could n't be more pleased . thanks for the hard work and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service department is good . i 've spoken to them three times about possibly buying a car and they do n't deal at all . the first two times i bought from their competitors and the most recent event , i did n't even get a call back from the salesperson . i prefer to buy local ( chandler ) but will go to phoenix and scottsdale as they will deal to get your business .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always get great service on my bmw . never wait for appointment and advisor always on time when i arrive . been taking my cars in for service for years now without issue . rental car service is exceptional , never wait , always ready to go with new rental when leaving . highly rate , everyone is very nice . chapman goes beyond to make your visit as easy as possible .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a new bmw from bmw chandler and i highly recommend them . i worked with chad salerno , who worked hard to get me the best deal and make the transaction as effortless as possible . after the sale , chad went out of his way to make sure i was satisfied and happy with my purchase . this is a very professional dealership , which is exactly what you would expect with this type of car , but my experience at other area high-end dealerships was not nearly as positive as it was here . i really ca n't think of a negative thing to say about this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased an x-4 from chapman in december of 2015 . sales was excellent ( don king ) , finance was great ( cheap interest ) , and service has been excellent since the purchase ( all routine ) . one minor issue : on my most recent visit for routine maintenance , the mechanic did not perform tire air pressure work properly , and left the cap off the radiator water fill . both resulted in alerts , the cooling system more than one . mechanics are human , and some mistakes are bound to happen . i think a customer tends to have higher expectations of bmw , so any issue becomes a major one . even with this , i remain pleased with the dealer and highly recommend then .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did not purchase my vehicle here but have received great service twice already ! complete opposite of perillo bmw in chicago . the service guys have been great , polite , and honest . no hidden surprises when it 's time to pay or anything else . i totally recommend this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vince adams has been our service advisor for about a decade . no matter what , he always provides the highest level of service and goes out of his way to ensure our satisfaction with every visit . we tell all of our friend to request vince for any service needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from sales to service chapman bmw is the best . it does n't end when you drive off the lot ; my first service experience was a breeze ! so happy with jeremy and how accommodating and quick he is they are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , every time ! ! i bought my car here in '13 and always get it serviced there . just had my 4 tires replaced after 2 years ( sports tires ) and they price matched tire rack discount tire , plus i get a loaner and wash , and drool over some m 's in the lot ... nothing but great things to say about them , and andy rummell too ( responsive , accommodating , always helpful ! ) keep it up guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved out here and headlight on the beamer went out . kris mason was awesome in getting us taken care of right away and giving us a loaner for a couple of hours to get some errands done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've purchased two cars from here ; excellent no-hassle purchases . great service department ; quick in and out and have never had to bring my car back for a re-do after maintenance . love the free maintenance and loaner cars offered by bmw . professional , quality staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jan 11 2017 . excellent service provided as usual be vince adams , service consultant . normal required service performed on my 2015 bmw x3 plus air bag and child restraint recalls . vince quickly arranged for my request for a x1 loaner for me to drive as i start looking for my next vehicle when my current lease expires this june . i have been a chapman bmw customer for over 15 years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've serviced my bmw here for years but i 'm done . i scheduled a service appointment for 9:30-10 am . i arrived 15 minutes late , waited 15 minutes for my `` service advisor '' , went over the issues with the car , and then ... .he informs me they do n't have a loaner vehicle available . they gave it away because i was late . they did n't call me to see if i was coming . i had to be at the airport to pick someone up in an hour . what do you expect when you 're late , he asked ? well , sir , i expect to find better service elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased a 2013 bmw 328i m sport , estoril blue , from chapman . it was a demo model that only had 4900 miles . the buying experience was very easy from beginning to end . i received higher than market value for my trade and a great price on the bmw . gary simpson was an excellent salesman , going the extra mile . ryan in finance was awesome as well . overall , the best car buying experience i have ever had . the vehicle looked like new and my family was treated very kindly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a bmw 528i ( another one # djkahlid ) was a great experience and would be back for another bmw . jeff was great . thanks everyone for the deal ! # trump", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wanted to give a huge shout out and thank you to peter cramer from chapman bmw in chandler . he took really good care of us and turned the process of buying our first bmw into a wonderful experience . i really commend him for his professionalism , expertise and knowledge of the bmw cars . from the moment we walked into the dealership until we drove away in our new x5 everything was first class ! i highly recommend peter cramer to anyone looking for a new car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are very impressed with these guys . we wanted an x5 and we found one there . everything about that transaction was easy . we were in and out in a flash . they seem to really have their paperwork process nailed down perfect . our new purchase needed service and there was no hesitation with fixing whatever needed fixing so we can take it home in the best condition . thank you , mr. tim smith for being so accomodating and so professional every step of the way . your service is admirable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jacob malburg in service is exceptional when it comes to customer service . he makes sure everything is taken care of for me at every appointment . when it comes to explaining the details of what 's needed ; even if i want to walk back and physically see the tire tread before i replace my tires . i 'm always sure to schedule my appt online with him for every service appt . they make it very easy with their online scheduling , drive in , and drive right out with my loaner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bruce is the best ! we bought a used lexus gx here today and the experience was superb . my husbands family has owned car dealerships for over 70 years and no one is as picky as he is . he loved working with bruce and knew how hard he worked to make the process smooth and even got us out of our current lease that had 16 months left . we will forever recommend bruce to anyone looking for a new or used car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john stanley has made my auto purchase so easy ! and a shout out to tony for being an amazing service advisor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away from client advisor alexander smith ( especially when you come only to test drive ) . he would pressure you to buy the car . very non-bmw dealer characteristic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time bmw buyer and savas sold me on mine ! it was even the right color i wanted ! he explained everything about my 2017 x3 in a timely manner . the genius person also gave me the complete rundown in more detail . i made sure i had time for it so i knew how to drive it off the lot , lol . i went in at 9am , knowing it always takes most of the day ( not sure why ) , to get all the paperwork , etc done . it only took about 4 hours from test drive to genius time ( which lasts about 45-60 minutes ) , then i was out of there with a full tank of gas of course . have been enjoying driving it a lot . merry christmas to me ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my service adviser mr. vince adams is the best . he is taking care of my bmw since last 3 years . a great customer service . i recommend to see mr. adams if you have any issue with your bmw while you are in arizona . thank you for everything you do for my baby bimmer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for years . my family has purchased two vehicles from chapman . we have also used the service department . david pence in service has always been helpful . i could n't imagine going to a different dealer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car in for the 1 year service this week , so i showed up at 7:00 for my scheduled appointment and met my service advisor jeremy wittig . we sat down and he informed me that there was a service bulletin and two firmware upgrades for the vehicle and i would need to leave my car . jeremy made sure they had a loaner vehicle ready for me and my car would be returned same day with all work complete . jeremy did i great job and all the work was completed by 2:30 same day , i arrived at 3:00 and my car was clean and ready to go . thanks again jeremy rob", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are sales people and then there is j.j. do yourself a favor and make sure to always ask for j.j . when you have sales people who know what they are talking about , whether it is about the car , the financing , or any other processes related to `` looking '' or purchasing a car , it ( he ) makes the experience much more palatable . thanks , j.j. for not being pushy , but attentive and a good listener to what was desired . we bought from j.j. , who happens to work at chapman bwm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience ! my husband & i worked with jeff in sales who was able to find the best fit for what i wanted needed in a new car . he was honest & helpful , both of which i highly value . jeff spent a good chunk of the day with us answering questions , test driving & making sure we were comfortable during the whole process . i love my 2015 328i ! ! ! my husband ended up getting a bmw motorcycle they had in the showroom & he is just as pleased . went in for my armor to be installed & have them fix a little tint issue on my driver window about a week later & matt in service was just as awesome . easy drop off & pick up the next day . would recommend chapman bmw to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "occasionally , it takes a couple of trips to get the repairs perfect . but , the serve there has always been excellent . they make efforts to deliver costumer satisfactory , which is what keeps me going back for reliable service at chapman bmw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently leased a bmw from this dealership and it was a very good experience . i especially appreciated marvin white , our sales associate , who was so helpful and knowledgable without ever getting pushy . he created a safe space that made this big financial decision peaceful and positive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my service advisor , jacob , always goes above and beyond . i had a terrible day at work and was not in the best of moods , but as soon as i got there jacob was so nice and gracious and immediately my mood improved . the service to my vehicle is always spot on . jacob takes care of all of my cars needs . when and if i have an issue i know i can call him and he will resolve it . thank you jacob and chapman bmw . p.s the loaner car was spectacular ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently purchased a 2012 . x5 diesel with omer and had a great experience . start to finish through email and then face to face contact it wad a comfortable and smooth process . everyone from from the sales manager to general manager and finance was friendly , helpful , and did n't pressure me to do anything i was n't comfortable with in regards to the x5 or giving up my x3 . it 's the kind of environment and customer service i expect from a bmw dealer . as long as i 'm in phoenix i 'll be recommending anyone wanting a bmw to head to chapman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "michael bohem was simply amazing ! we told him exactly what we were looking for our price range and he nailed it . he was so patient with me . this was my second time car shopping and with buying a bmw i wanted to make sure i was getting the perfect car . i wanted to look at numerous cars and he grabbed every key with a smile on his face and was more than pleased to help me . thank you michael for your outstanding customer service and attentiveness and patience with me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with chapman bmw was great . the service consultant was kris mason , i must say he was upfront . this is lacking in most dealers , there is no need to fib . everyone needs to know the truth , and the real dollars that are involved . he told me the time needed , and offered a loaner car . i was impressed , these are high dollar vehicles which need high caliber staffing . i commend chapman bmw and kris mason on there honesty and service repairs . keep up the great work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just discovered picks yesterday , and i 'm kicking myself for not having tried it sooner ! i used to like buns burgers but picks is so much better on so many levels and still does n't break the bank . it 's a tiny place with lots of character -- half of it is the open kitchen , and one wall is covered by pictures drawn by customers past . you get a paper menu and colour in your picks , and then voila ! a beautiful burger exactly the way you want it . they have a great variety of sauces , cheeses , and toppings to choose from . i had never tried kimchi or wasabi mayo on a burger before but everyone must try this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , i love picks so much ! when you just need a tasty , salty , beefy experience , they 're the ones to go to ! this little burger joint is run by a nice korean couple -- they offers k-tacos and kimchi , which you probably wo n't see elsewhere . their burgers are usually a little dry , but not to worry , they offer a bunch of delicious sauces and toppings . their fries are always crispy and golden , and so , their poutine is one of my favourites . if you 're looking for a delicious meal on a budget , go to picks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a kogo . it 's effectively a pogo ( but higher-quality ) with built-in fries , and the batter 's a little more potatoey , so it 's got this nice texture . it should taste good with any dip , but i 'd suggest the aioli . did n't try the burger but they looked pretty fly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from outside , this little spot seems suspicious if not a little strange.. but pick 's is a wonderful little gem for burgers made-to-order and run by two very sweet owners . prices are fairly reasonable , the toppings are all fresh and wonderful , the sides are super tasty and with just the right homemade feeling . all in all , the kind of burger place you should drop by anytime you 're in the concordia shaughnessy village area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best burgers in the concordia ghetto . the selection of cheeses and sauces is second to none !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite restaurant period . amazing unbelievable food and cost i would rather come here than fine cuisine . one week i ate it every day straight it 's that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place for what it is , a good korean quality burger to go with some onion rings and kimchi . will take this over mcdonald 's all day all night its somewhat unique . i would n't actually sit and eat there , the place is quite small and not much of an ambiance", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i helped a friend move a few months back and in the spirit of friendship he purchased beer and burgers . he took me here and holy $ hit ! this place is good ! an absolutely customizable burger in every way with a friendly , what seems to be husband and wife staff and a whole plethora of unique toppings , sauces and patties ! the prices also compare or beat almost every other burger joint plus you get the quality of a high end place ! i have been coming back ever since . the only reason i would n't give it 5 stars is because its not much of a sit in place . hopefully if we all come here more they can expand and get a bigger place ! : ) now go try it ! i guarantee you will not regret it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a small little hideout . reasonably priced . they offer various options that you can choose to pair up your burger with . the veg burger was the best i have had so far for this price ( around 6 $ ) . must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey picks love your food and come to you once a week but please get rid of that arrogant kid behind counter if you want to keep your loyal customers.. ; cause you guys are doing an amazing job", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the burgers are pretty excellent . kind of peppery . i also like the bun they use , no seeds . they have a wide range of toppings , cheese and sauces . the fries are always crispy and good . the kogo ( korean pogo ) , which is a pogo with little fry nibs in it , is completely out of this world . you pick a sauce to dip it in . it 's definitely comfort food . they lose one star for speed of service and lack of tables . it would be really great if they could have more than one table and three stools . i guess the speed accounts for the size as there is usually only one or two people there at once . worth the wait , and the cost of extra toppings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good bugers with many different toppings to chose from including kimchi ( gimchi , kimchee , or kim chee ) service is quick and efficient though you 'll probably need to take it to go since there is very limited seating . poutine , fries , pogos are also on the menu ; they also have sweet potato fries", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our first dinner in canada because they accepted credit cards . this place is bomb . its owed and run by old korean couple . you order by marking your order on their paper and marker . very reasonable price for a well made burger that doesnt have the greasy after taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l'hamburger steak est ok mais trop ch\u00e8re . il commence \u00e0 4.50 $ mais peut monter facilement \u00e0 une dizaine de dollars avec les extras . le take out peut prendre facilement une quinzaine de minutes ( pour un hamburger ) . trop de boucane \u00e0 l int\u00e9rieur aussi lorsque il est en pleine production .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not shabby ! their poutine rating : 3 5 , decent gravy , lots of curds , and golden fries . the burgers are pretty good as well , with the meats being rather flavorful and moist . they do toast their buns , which is n't too bad . however , the wait time can be a bit long . worth checking out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the restaurant look a little bit creepy but the fries are amazing , and the food in general is pretty good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best burgers i 've had . the place is small but the food is awesome ! everything is fresh and tasts great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken taco is my favourite . the food is cheap with very high quality . it is worthwhile to drop by . this store opens until midnight . it 's good for night snacks too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read about this place on eater montreal . a cute family owned business- decorated with a wall of coloured index cards on one side . you order and create your own burger with different toppings at a fair cost including toppings like kimchi and wasabi mayo ! i also ordered a korean pogo- kogo , that resembled a culinary souvenir . with a drink , my meal was around $ 12 . more of a take out place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place today and i had the spicy chicken and shrimp k-tacos . the chicken was good but the shrimp are a must ! only minor con is they do n't take credit cards they also deliver !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really fantastic hole-in-the-wall . what makes this place is the add-ons - i had the wasabi mayo and dried tomato sauces , the former which gave the burger an incredibly unique flavor . i opted out of cheese , but i think brie or gouda would have been really interesting . creative and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am something of a burger connoisseur and these burgers are amazing ! my husband and i eat here for $ 13 total and we are always super satisfied . the owners take pride in making everything fresh and presentable , and the care that goes into their cooking ca n't be beat . i do not understand why people complain about the wait or ambiance and let that negatively affect the score- it 's the food that matters , and the food is incredible for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the subway of burgers ! you select a basic burger , then add the extra ingredients you want . you 'll end up with a cheap and delicious burger ! fries are awesome too . and you have to try their home-made pogo . there 's a downside : it does n't have a sitting place , so it 's mostly to take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the old friendly couple that owns this place is the best ! they make awesome burgers and you can just keep adding and adding things to it ( at a surcharge ) . they also make great fries which is always a deal breaker for me . i do n't know what people are talking about when they say the burgers are too salty -- i think it 's the perfect amount of salt for a greasy burger joint . would 100 % recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i kind of liked this place , the ambiance is cool and the food was quick . now the food : ( i have to preface this by saying i 'm a bit of a burger snob and have n't found a burger that i 've really liked outside of the states ever ) the burger meat was over seasoned and well done . i liked the fries , they were crispy , and not overcooked . seasoned perfectly . the burger did not agree with my stomach at all , which sucked cause i was really looking forward to it . if i could give this place a 2.5 stars i would , but since i liked the fries so much i will round up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sirloin steak burger is the only way to go . tiny price difference for much better quality & tasting meat . i make it a double : ) option to have it wrapped in lettuce for gluten-free paleo diet . the place itself , aside from being quite small , is pretty dingy : so do n't expect a nice sit-down environment . the food negates this tough : ) ) korean tacos look amazing and are a really good value . ( i personally have n't tried as they are wrapped in a soft wheat tortilla and i do n't eat gluten . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while waiting on line for kazu , i became hungry and craved for some poutine . who knew there was going to be a little shop that served poutine just around the block from kazu ? when i went into the shop , it was packed with people waiting . i went up to the counter and ordered some poutine . as i was waiting , i was able to witness what type of other food the place made . they make burgers that seems to have a fusion taste . the price was very fair , but the shop is small , so you might not be able to find a seat when it gets busy ! the poutine was good , but i wished there were more cheese !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good spicy pork k-tacos . they put lettuce , tomato , spicy mayo , onions and pork on a wrap and it 's a really nice balance of flavours . also , affordable , the price is tax included !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing ! just got a burger with bacon , sun dried toamtoes sauce and mushrooms ! sauce is a incredible ! burger juice and taste ! not expensive ! ; ) i paied 10,50 $ burger with fries ! if there is something negative , its salty , but still delicious . go for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic custom burgers with some funky options like wasabi , kimchi , and spicy mayo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small place , great burgers for their cheap price . they do them in front of you . good meat . if you want you can eat it there , but it is quite a small place , better order to go . if the place is crowded , it will take some time to get your burger since they do it on the spot , which i do n't have a problem with that . i 'm happy i discovered this place , will defenetely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "funny little shop that serves cheap and yummy fast food . the burger meat is marinated , which gives it a lot of flavor . overall good , but nothing amazing . check our their wall of wonders - it 's full of drawing and notes left by thankful customers !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have indeed fell in love with the kimchi burger and lots of sauce . the fries are average quality , they 're okay . edible . i looooove sauces , which they are generous with ! ! when you pick up your burger , the sauces are dripping down . the beef patties are not flat and small , they are juicy and delicious . i usually end up paying about $ 9 for the burger as i add a bunch of things to it . they are open late so classmates and i end up here after classes . it 's just so tempting ! they are super small with only three tables . the door does not close properly and is so cold in the winter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "possibly the best burgers i 've had so far in montreal . all orders are made fresh & made to order . each burger is also personalized , and also their combos are personalized as well . i like how they organize their orders with the paper u write on , that way they wo n't miss a topping or make a mistake and u get exactly what u order ! only complain is that this place is verrrryyy small . like even 10 people in the restaurant would be way to crowded . also their bathrooms are all the way in the back ( you have to walk in their kitchen to get to the bathroom ) . other than that , i would definitely come back here for the burgers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the concept is great and the raw foods are very good . but it all falls down with the service . i 've experienced long waits here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's not much to look at , and it really could use a new coat of paint but picks remains a go-to place for me . i 've tried their kogos and was okay with them but where they shine despite themselves is in the burger topping department . understand this : they are re-firing your patty so do n't expect a plump and juicy burger . rather , you will get a patty that does not interfere with the toppings that you chose to grace upon your burger . this , actually , is a good thing , and i 'll tell you why . the lettuce , kimchi , and wasabi mayonnaise burger that i ordered not once relinquished a single drop to the plate . nope , every last nose-hair singeing molecule of wasabi stayed on station and every drop of pungent kimchi juice assaulted my mouth and lips . my face was on fire from the delicious double whammy of spices yet i continued to smile like the buddha . ohm nom nom ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stack it till it ca n't fit in my mouth . everything there is fresh and full of love . bring the kogos : p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by picks to get a quick bite before a movie . i saw that it had a pretty good rating on yelp so i figured i 'd give it a shot . i went with my girlfriend and when we both walked in we noticed the place was really small and a little unclean but nothing that bad . we both ordered a bacon cheeseburger with fries . the price was decent and the burgers looked pretty big . upon both of our first bites we looked at each other and both agreed that this was one of the best burgers we had eaten so far . it was so delicious and the burger was firm and did n't fall apart yet it was also juicy . i 'd give this a 5 star review for the burger although the fries were really basic and seemed like just normal frozen fries they bought and then fried up to serve . overall a great meal but do n't expect much from the fries or the ambiance , though the burger makes up for it tenfold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always good solid burgers totally customizable and the kogos are great do n't forget to drink an arnold palmer they stock em", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we planned for a walk around and found this shop..not much crowded so we thought to give a try and bought chicken burger there..it was insanely delicious..they are so polite and you customize things as you can.should give a try..the price is also worth it ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in to order take out fries ... after ordering , i had to wait for five minutes for them to even drop the fries into the oil . the workers were all huddled around an ipad watching tv .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've only eaten here once , however i 'm more loyal to buns ' burgers , which is literally around the corner . the ( better ) difference here is that you can choose your burger toppings and have more of a variety of options to choose from , which can make it more appealing . my definite recommendation : the `` kogo , '' or korean pogo , is absolutely delicious and what the majority of this review is riding on .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly little fast food shop tucked in off st-catherines serving fast food with a korean flair . a friendly korean couple owns the place ( its rare to see home-made fast food nowadays ) . they are most known for their kogo ( french fries covered pogo ) and their customizable burgers ( get kimchi , a korean fermented vegetable - often cabbage , it adds a nice tang to your burger ) . the kogo is a bit too salty and way too oily to my liking : i have trouble eating the whole thing due to how oily it is . the burgers on the other hand are quite delicious and cheap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dr. casalino & his staff are always so friendly and accommodating . i love this office & would highly recommend it to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. john and his staff are caring , knowledgeable and precise in their treatment . dr john can figure out , and treat , the most complex situations ! we go to his office knowing we 'll get the best care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see dr. harris and think he 's great ! he has always listened carefully and treated accordingly ... not one who just does the same thing every time . front office staff is awesome ... . always friendly and does their best to accommodate me for appointments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff ! they are so caring and take the time to listen to what 's going on . i recommend them to everyone and especially if you 're with a chiropractor that does n't listen or is condescending ( they are out there ) ! dr. casalino and dr. harris are amazing at what they do and anna is the cherry on top when arriving and departing . give them a try and you will not be sorry ! 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. john and his staff are the best . everyone is friendly and welcoming , always a treat . i have only been going for about 6 months and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! friendly staff and they coordinated everything with my attorney . dr was very informative and explained everything he was doing and why he was doing it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr casalino for years & he is one of the best in town . everyone there is pleasant , welcoming & the entire staff including the other dr. make you feel like family & not a patient or client . dr casalino has always put my health & well-being first - please visit his practice you will not regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. john and team are fabulous . i came to see them in february for problems with my shoulder and neck . they were able to finally get the muscles to relax and adjust my neck and upper back to get me back in alignment . i continue to go see them for general maintenance and to keep from getting into another painful situation . i highly recommend you come here for your chiropractic needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after i got into a car accident and other doctors were giving me the run around , all the while my body pain was increasing , when i walked in to dr. casalino 's office i was greeted with a smile and immediately treated . dr. casalino even helped me navigate through the messy process of insurance companies . i would recomend dr. casalino to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the first time in my life i had pinched nerves in my upper and lower back which were causing my left hand and foot to go numb , it is uncomfortable , painful , annoying and i could n't sleep . i decided to try chiropractic and going with dr. casalino has been the best decision for my health and wellness . he listens and explains with details everything from beginning to end . i am currently a patient , i get treated every week and after my sessions i feel so good from my spine i tell my doctor i feel an inch taller , no more numbness , pain or discomfort . i 've gotten my life back and i recommend dr. casalino chiropractic , they are very professional , friendly with a fantastic location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is only good if you need like one or 2 items . it is very overpriced and the staff here are very rude . they also have a problem with many expired items especially in the meat department and dairy department . make sure to check the dates . the staff are never happy here . so they are always rude and ready to pick a fight over any little thing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a very bad experience with a female checker who was manning the self serve check out line . i shop here all the time and this is the first time i 've been treated like this . never saw this person before at this store and wish i never had because she had a extremely poor attitude and acted like she was doing me a favor . albertsons management please take note of this . this person was working on 4 28 13 at around 12 noon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place makes me feel at home . like texas , it is awesome . fresh produce , clean , friendly staff , major variety. , healthier options . just ca n't get any better and it 's right around the corner . and you could get a quick bite right outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of the `` outliers '' - those off the beaten path stores such as this . this store seems to have a slightly better selection than most albie 's , as well as the benefit of being in a `` decent '' summerlin neighborhood . i may or not stop here in conjunction with a visit to a nearby poker bar . hey , it saves time and gas to combine shopping entertainment trips ! smart . there 's a starbucks in the store ( thank goodness starbucks has tried to make up for their lack of stand alone locations by plopping them down inside grocery stores ! ! ) prices are not the most competitive in the business , but the in store and in ad coupons do offer good deals consistently . and good for them for getting rid of those darn loyalty cards ! i usually shop here a few times a month , weekdays and weekends , and have found that checkout is usually not too long of a wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this albertsons has a better beer selection than any other in vegas i 've visited . the beer section is split up into two parts and the small beer section has more unique microbrews . all cold , which is one of my complaints about total wine . most of the beer is warm at total wine . the layout of this store is a little squirrely , making things hard to find . but definitely a good place to go for unique , cold beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now that i no longer live here , i am ready to share my secret : go to the deli prior to closing ( around 6:30 - 7pm , time varies ) to score discounted chicken wings and nuggets . whatever they do n't sell will be packaged into the bucket container and discounted ... like $ 5 for a bucket of nuggets or 50 % off a bucket of wings . if you arrive as they are packaging up the goods , you may be able to ask them to package up a combination of their wings ( bbq & regular , as opposed to getting all one flavor ) . same for the donuts ... leftovers will be packed in a dozen box and sold for $ 2 . source : me . done this plenty o ' times : ) now enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as far as markets go , this particular albertson 's is pretty posh . brand spankin ' new goodness abounds . produce was fresh , and the meat department had some nice thick cuts of filet mignon available . the lines were n't too bad so i was able to get in and out with everything i needed to cook up a mean meal for a lil family get-together . nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store looks great but if you 're used to the lower prices offered elsewhere , this place is an unpleasant surprise . amy 's enchiladas are well into the $ 5.00 range ( $ 4.99 is my limit even though i could live on this stuff ) , and some of the produce is twice as high as places like cardenas , who sell high quality produce affordable . i 'll only come here if i ca n't get to another , lower priced store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time to this particular store and just stopped in for 2 produce item . produce section was small-ish but things seemed fresh and well stocked . check-out was slow . no express line and a too much chatting between checker and customer with a long line . ( i 'm all for friendly chats but when you are done checking someone out and there 's six people behind the person you just helped ... . it 's a bit much )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . close location and on my way to work . staff is very helpful and always on point ! their fruit is better instead of other local grocery stores ! lines are fast", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i shop at a different albertsons generally , but i do stop here often for the starbuck 's outlet . this is also my sunday distance spot for riding my bike , and i stop for my starbucks and to buy the la times . i enjoy the coffee on the large patio area , and then i ride home with the times hanging from the handle bars . it would n't be sunday without this stop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love our local albertsons ! they have been working hard to improve the service and it shows . many of the checkers are so kind and helpful they truly try to connect with each person who comes through their aisle . when i was ill my husband went there to buy medicine and one of the employees went out of their way to help . we were both grateful for the help ! they are always asking if you need help to the car , i normally say no but one day i was n't feeling well and my arm hurt and i took them up on the offer . i was thankful they offered and tried to give a tip but the employees said no and that they are paid extra to help customers to the car . this store may not be perfect but it 's right up there for the effort they take with their patrons !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store has undergone many changes recently and is by far my first choice for shopping . the selection of liquor , wine and beer is extensive as well as great prices . the wide variety of items makes it a one stop shopping venue . the produce , meat & seafood department is well organized , fresh and appealing with knowledgeable staff . checkouts are staffed properly and the management extremely accommodating . i will admit shopping here in 2009 was not a good experience , but is now the only place i shop . oh and best chicken wing bar in town ! ! ! ! always fresh ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this albertson 's had two great new products that i was happy to eat , a red banana from ecuador and also a package of sabra hummus with pretzel flats included . thanks albertson 's ! ! ! ! very clean bathroom with diaper changing station included ... .very nice ... .you can go here before you walk to red rock about 7 miles away", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this store . the staff is always friendly , the produce is fresh , and the service is personalized . i recently spoke to the produce manager about their vegan options , and the next time i went in , there was a whole slew of new vegan options to be found . incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be wary of absurdly high prices on certain items . for example , recently looked for dreyers slow churned ice cream , which is a great product , $ 6.99 at albertsons , $ 2.99 everywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is a sprouts opening up on sahara and hualapai and i just can not wait because i am so tired of going to albertsons when i 'm short on time . 8 out of ten times i get jerked . this time i found habanero peppers and red onions on my receipt and i did n't purchase those items . the last time my items were ringing up at a higher price than advertised but mostly because they 're overpriced smh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this applies to all the albersons : i honestly do n't get why people shop here . its not terrible but , the prices ... do n't get me wrong i 've been known to get expensive groceries at times but , not when i could get the exact same items for way less . its like vons with whole foods prices .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "50+ people in line . woman next to me called the store manager on her phone to tell them how bad the lines were . nobody else came up . a cashier turned off their light and left . i finally dumped my groceries on an empty belt and walked out when i saw the cashier in my lane was chatting people up and not in any kind of hurry . i 'd had enough .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had a sign `` 3 is a crowd '' in the check out line . the sign said they would open another register if there are more than 3 customers in line . some of the lines when i was there had 8 to 10 people in line . when it was pointed out to the manager they told me that there was no way they could open another register . albertsons sign is lie !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used to frequent the albertsons on town center and charleston , but this one is our favorite one now . the shopping center is very nice and very close to redrock . it brings a feeling of not being in las vegas since you 're west of the 215 beltway . this new store is different from the many others i 've been to . it is new and has a better layout with what seems like a better selection of produce . the store feels very clean , the staff are friendly and even though the layout is different from other stores , things are very organized and easy to find still . the signs are accurate and i like the fact that the isles do not span the length of the store ; rather they have an isle that runs through the middle of the width of the store as well and it is more convenient to navigate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes i am reviewing a grocery store because it has actually made such an impression on me that it 's warranted good praise . this is the cleanest grocery store i have ever been in . the layout is a little confusing but aside from that , shopping here is easy . prices are a little higher than other grocery stores -- - i guess i 'll attribute it to the demographic of this area . they do have good deals built into whatever is on sale -- no need for a club card . the pharmacy is prompt . the deli is good -- they even have poke ! their ready made chicken is n't bad . checkout lines can be long but quick . what i recently enjoyed most was their occasional bbq they sell outside of the store . $ 4 for half a chicken or $ 12 for a slab of ribs . it was pretty tasty dinner for a lazy cook like me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they play `` what is love '' by haddaway over the speakers , and all the employees start doing the head-bobbing . 7 out of 5 stars . the guys at the deli are awesome . blake f. knows his stuff and is really respectful . the manager martin does a good job keeping his department organized and appealing . 5 out of 5 stars . 11 out of 10 would go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to shop . i am there almost everyday and now they made it better by offering gas discounts . keep up the good work . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our neighborhood grocery store . so when we need something , it is there . it is a bit pricey , so it is beneficial to do your online ad homework before going . they do have great sales , and the staff is nice for the most part . when they do have specials , it is on some pretty great things . for example , i was able to stock up on brand name cereal for our family for less than walmart prices a few weeks ago . just do your research , and you can make it worth your time and money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the produce is great and the cashiers are wonderful . just wish dairy would listen and bring back the albertson brand chocolate milk . try it ! . it is way better than `` tru '' moo . i never trust products that try to say they are real but ca n't spell ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably one of the largest albertsons i 've been in . it 's also nicely arranged so its really nice and clean . great stop right before getting to red rock heading from the strip to pick up anything last minute before hiking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very clean store . everything on the shelves are always organized . everything is easy to find because i noticed that they do not move their product around too often . the meat counters look nice and clean . the fruit and vegetable areas are also clean and well managed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "needed to run in and grab some items for dinner really fast . i was able to find what i needed on the shelves fairly quickly and thankfully everything i needed was in stock . i love that if there is more then one customer in line they will open up another checkout lane . definitely helped speed up the process which i was thankful for . after working a twelve hour day i was starving and wanted to get home and eat . i will definitely be back when my grocery list is in need of slaying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dirty . overpriced . employees who seem to really hate working there . only went here because of the dunkin donuts across the street ... and sorry i did ... as i shoulda went to the vons down the street , where i usually shop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the worst thing that i could write about this albertson 's , is that there is no albertson 's like it in my neighborhood . this store is gorgeous . and i enjoyed my time here . shopping in a supermarket that feels more like shopping in a botique , in my opinion , merits the higher prices . for crying out loud , the overhead lighting at frozen foods looks like something in the bellagio . the east vestibule looks grand with the sound of a waterfall at a tiny water fountain . being the coffee fan that i am , i appreciated seeing starbuck 's . and this one has sufficient tables . if this albertson 's was in my neighborhood , i could see myself spending higher prices to shop in a gorgeous supermarket .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to run to if you need stuff and do n't feel like paying hotel prices for at the red rock . groceries are reasonably priced and they have everything you need . however , the store is very cluttered - they could probably use about another 4,000 square feet . but that 's just me and my huge american ass speaking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the nicest albertsons i have ever visited . on a trip back from red rock canyon , w stopped here for some food for dinner and breakfast the next day . i was very pleasantly surprised by the quality and selection in this store . this location is quite spacious and well laid out . the folks working there were all friendly and helpful . will i be back ? the next time i go to red rock i will .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this albertson 's . they did recently move everything around again , where they had all of the gluten free stuff on one aisle before , but now it 's mixed and matched . i know how the grocery side works , and i 'm willing to bet it 's to get more eyeballs on other items . never had an issue with this place , fresh veggies , fresh fruits , and quality is pretty awesome in general . if anything , the only thing is that it 's a smaller store so the stock is fairly limited if they carry the item ( speaking only to shelved items ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great now that another company bought them , lower prices and no card needed to get the sales prices . a very clean and nice store , friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steer clear of the pharmacy , noor gives horrendous customer service . he likes to fight and be confrontational , no matter what ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not recommend this place more highly . i contacted oscar in the morning regarding a broken tv . he called me back within a couple hours and picked up the tv that afternoon . he called in a couple of days with a very reasonable quote , did the job , and dropped the tv off that afternoon . it works like a charm . a highly effective charm . oscar saved me almost $ 1000 ( i did n't have to buy a new tv ) , was fast and friendly , and got the job done . he works on tvs and all kinds of other electronics , so give him a call before you add your `` broken '' device to the landfill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service call for my large hd crt tv . super nice guy . called a lot to keep me up to date . checked before showing up . prompt . gave me a reasonable flat rate that would not go up even if he had to eat costs . free visit to diagnose problem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , the transmission cpu on my 93 accord dies . what to do ? pay honda $ 1000 for a new one ? go to a scrapyard and take my chances ? bah ! i called oscar and got the unit repaired in 2 days ( with a 1 year warranty in the work ! ) . oscar was quick to return my emails and quoted me a very reasonable repair amount . he picked the unit up and dropped it off ( got ta love door to door device ) and the car now runs like a champ . thanks oscar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my recent , sub-par pretzel the other day i was quite amazed to get such a delectable treat . there are at least three different `` stalls '' at the ross park mall , but they all have their own ovens to cook the pretzels . people know this and each of the locations is packed . the salt pretzel that i got was soft and slightly sweet on the interior with a slight crunch on the exterior . just the right amount of salt . this is what a pretzel should taste like -- when blown up to exaggerated sizes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would always love to be eating an auntie anne 's pretzels . since they only seem to have locations in the mall , it 's not too often that i can have a pretzel . but when i do it 's a real treat . for my mom i get the cinnamon raison pretzel with a side cup of glaze . the pizza pretzal is also very good . since auntie anne 's is so popular their pretzels are always fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service ! ! ! there are 6 people working there an no one in line . they saw me but continue with there chitchat with one other . noone even bother to said hello or take my order . do n't go there . cause obviously they do n't need our business ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the absolute best contact for las vegas rentals ! i will not rent through anyone else ever again ! these folks will invest time and whatever research it takes to get you in the best and most appropriate place that fits your needs ! my gosh they are nice , considerate and simply great to work with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently finished a lease through lvres of a perfect-for-my-needs one bedroom condo in the summerlin , nv area and was wowed with the level of customer service i had working mostly with emily moon and david bakshi . on several occasions , i was pleasantly surprised when they went above and beyond the usual call of duty for property managers . they were exceptional about quick , reliable , communication even though i tend to work night shifts and or out of state in other time zones . they were understanding and worked with me to make sure that all transactions moved along at as swift a pace as possible even when we could n't meet in person . in all situations , i found their approach highly professional while still very down-to-earth and renter friendly . if you are considering an lvres property ( all of which i found in good condition and accurate to description ) , i highly recommend seeking out these two . they made finding my first place in las vegas a breeze !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a lot of help and was shown many options for a rental property i was seeking . they showed me several options that i was happy with and i am now happily placed in my new condo . thanks so much for the help and services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they helped me sell my house and it was smoothest real estate experience i 've ever had ! their attention to detail made sure that all parties involved were well informed , and nothing got caught up in any of the offers or escrow to delay the process . my house was sold in record time and i could n't be happier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "navid bakshi and his realtor company las vegas real estate specialists was hired to manage one of our condominiums . everything went well for a year or 2 but it became a nightmare . they started sending us bills for property damage repairs that were obviously and ridiculously overpriced . he fixed a draw with tape and provided us an invoice for $ 125 . a loss garage opener replacement that should have been charged to the tenant was charged to us for $ 100 . several small house repairs amounted for a total of approximately $ 5000 ( none of which we were notified in advanced for ) . long story short , we felt that navid bakhshi and his company poorly managed our property that cost us more than it should have . i highly recommend to avoid any business with these guys", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we recently closed on a house and we are happy that we worked with las vegas real estate specialist . we can not ask for a better team to serve our needs . we constantly throw out questions because we are unfamiliar with the process . luckily , navid and his team are ready to address all our concerns . he would go out of his way to find the answers if our questions are out of the left field . navid and his team are professional , courteous , and easy to work with . through our endless search for our dream home , they works with us tirelessly and always responded promptly . house hunting is very stressful and frustrating at times , but navid and his team somehow turn the experiences around for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't recommend this mr lube . i went just for an oil change . they `` found '' a bunch of things to fix at a total of $ 384 later . i asked if the cost for the repairs was the going rate and was told `` yes '' . one of the things they changed was the cabin air filter - i later found out online that the filter itself costs $ 19 , they charged me $ 89.99 to replace it which took less than 2 minutes . $ 70 for 2 minutes of labour is the going rate ? ? ? they also did a `` 4 part fuel system service '' for $ 119.99 which i now know i could have accomplished with a $ 5 bottle of injector cleaner from canadian tire .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have to say that despite these guys being friendly , one does get the feeling you 're being taken for a ride here . and while i had just had a safety done on the car , the things they said needed to get done are n't typically checked out in a safety , so i went ahead and had them done . it 's places like this that really do a dis-service to mechanic and reinforce a mistrust of the entire auto service industry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with most reviews here . lots of : pushy cross selling for things you do n't need for much more than they actually should cost costly mistakes made by their staff refusal to follow through on warranties they made at time of purchase when a part becomes faulty within the timeframe they have zero respect for your time and they will waste lots of it no wonder someone torched the place a few months ago ( i was told it was closed due to fire ) ... probably an angry customer that got ripped off a little too much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly service , for sure . but as other people have noted , they do push a lot of extras ... and if you do n't know what 's up , the costs can add up . if you know your way around a car , be prepared to say `` no thanks '' a bunch . that being said , they are fast and friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lots of lies about service not needed . tacked on 15 $ fee on top of advertised oil change price until i had to complain and have the fee removed . do n't trust mr lube . they will feed you bull about everything needing to be changed . best bet is your dealership or find a trustworthy mechanic . i have never had an issue or lies told to me at canadian tire auto service so it may be a good place for an honest car service . once again..do not trust the employees at mr lube and watch the video attached below . https : youtu.be -avpx8utaki", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place sucks ... point blank period ! ! ! growing up on the east coast ; living amongst jamaicans ... i have had the opportunity to eat real jamaican cuisine ... and this is not it . the rice and peas tasted like crap.the texture was overcooked and flavorless . you cant tell me they did'nt use 10 minute boil a bag rice ! ! the curry chicken was made with chicken breasts , not a whole chicken that gives it flavor when its cut down to the bone marrow . the curry was bland ! my curry chicken tastes wayyyyy better . the cabbage was soggy and again the common blandness . i had high hopes for this place . i feel sorry for these poor phoenicians who think this is authentic island yard flavor . will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "young lady on the line was very disrespectful . food took 2 hours to deliver . ordered the brown stew chicken . there is chicken , but where the stew ? more light brown that brown stew like my moms used to make . oxtail is ok , again colors off , taste is ok. real jamaicans cooking , just not very well . with the 2hour wait for food it ai n't worth the bad customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "heard about this place at work and decided to check it out for lunch . the customer service and hospitality was awesome , not to mention they gave me complimentary beef patties while they prepared my order . the oxtails with rice n peas was on point ! oh yeah , their prices are soooo much more reasonable than the other caribbean restaurants i have visited . i only paid like 6 bucks for my meal versus the $ 12 ones i am used to . great reggae music and comfortable atmosphere . i even watched some crazy dance hall videos on their flat screen . the owner invited me to an after- hours party that they do on fridays with a live dj , i will definitly attend . great place to be only less than 2 weeks old . my personal experience was awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been there a few times , was not bad the first time i went . only complaint i had was their was more side dish than main course . so i felt like i was getting a sample of the main dish ( curry chicken , goat , etc ) while paying full price . went again and did n't even finish my meal . i guess they were having an off day with the flavor . so i 'll be looking for another restaurant soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went back again last week 'cause i figured , hey those patty things are still delicious ! what 's good : they got their credit debit card reader set up so you can pay with a swipe now ! yay ! they also streamlined the menu so the menu is smaller , but you can get what 's on it . that 's good ! and they have 2 different kinds of `` patty '' things ! ! chicken and beef , i think . they 're addictive like candy . i wish they had some hot pepper sauce like tabasco or something on the table for the patties ! so i 'm putting up this review that 's a little better than the last time i visited . yay improvement ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i started using this cleaners from the time i moved to the area ( 3 years ago ) . the people who work there are always polite , whether you walk i 'm or drive up . the clothes we send there for cleaning ( mostly men 's dress shirts ) are ready when they say they will be . but , they have done wonderful jobs on other items , dresses , jackets , sweaters , etc . it is so nice to know i can count on them for tis one of many things that has to be done each week with out problems . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prom season coming up ? do not rent from them . they are over priced and i 'd go to jos a . banks rent a tuxedo from them . peggy burrell is nuts yells out to people out of her drive thru window . knows she has done wrong by deceitful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner peggy burrell is completely crazy and will overcharge you . they absolutely do not care about their customers or the stress they will put you through . i had alterations to my wedding dress which was originally able to be done in 2 weeks and it took over 6 . the seamstress charged peggy $ 125 for the services and she charged me $ 395 . the day i was to pick up my dress she told me she would not take credit card from me ( even though she does accept cards ) because she did n't feel like it . we had to have the police there and even tell her it 's a misdemeanor to hold my dress from me . i guess any wedding is n't normal if there 's not stress and she is the cause of my stress for the last 2 months ! ! ! i 'm thankful for the police department for their help ! ! ! ! be aware and stay away from this crazy lady ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "too expensive ! deceitful business practices . this place does n't have the fee schedule posted anywhere in the store ! peggy burrell has some gall to charge what she charges ! i did n't even pay prices even close to the prices she charges when i lived in new york . horrible customer experience ! i would n't even give them one star but i wanted to write a review to warn others of this place . go elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "without a doubt this is the best dry cleaners hands down ! i am not sure why a couple of people have written such horrible reviews , sour grapes maybe ? this place has served me so well over the last 12 years ! they have done everything for my family from day to day cleaning to tux rentals for my son to prom dresses and then her wedding dress for my daughter ! they are hands down the most knowledgeable , nicest folks for a dry cleaners ever ! when you pick it up it is right , nice folks , clean dry cleaners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the interior of this bakery . it reminds me of bakeries i have been to in japan . i wish i could sit down and enjoy the atmosphere . however , all the tables were taken up by families . oh well , at least i was able to take home some really delicious pastries . i was told their cream puffs were good , and it did not fail to impress . the cream was not overly sweet and the crust provided a nice balance of texture . i also tried the sausage and pistachio buns , which were both had an excellent balance of flavour and texture . i wish this place was a bit closer to my place , then i will be here all the time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mon k patisserie - i fell in love after my first visit and i wish i have one of this japanese french fusion bakery in my neighbourhood . the decor is cute and i love the sock monkey theme . the outdoor seating area in front of the store on the sidewalk looks like a setting from one of the romantic anime . choices and selections.. there are a lot to choose from . kuro goma pudding ( $ 3.20 ) - light and smooth , i do love black seasame chestnut pie with almond cream ( $ 3.20 ) - rich and buttery , i do love chestnut mizudashi sencha ( $ 2.20 ) - cold brewed green tea , high in antioxidant since i was having everything to go , the staff did package them securely for me . i can see the care and pride they have in their products . i will be back for some cream puffs and other pastries . definitely worth visiting when in the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i before two hours to go out from home , in advance in order to arrive before closing , to get booked a birthday cake . but due to the traffic is so jam in toronto , i eventually failed to arrive before closing . thank you very much for the store mon k to help me , let me finally got the cake . they let me very sweetly moved and touched me deeply .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an authentic japanese bakery , which means a patisserie moreso than a place for bread and sundries like select or something . think of it more like a french cafe . my wife wanted to come here so we came and checked it out , and we really liked it . just like the little bakeries they have back in japan . lots of finely made pastries and cakes , croissants , everything is really delicate and presented well . coffee is good and they have some interesting teas also like rooibos vanilla .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! that 's all i can say about this japanese french bakery . their desserts are so delicately prepared and perfectedly light and airy that balances finesse and decadence in the best possible way . my fave desserts have to be the chestnut cake and strawberry shortcake . tried their croissants for the first time today and they are the beat i 've had ever ! more people need to discover this place . it 's truly one of those tucked away shops that you will be happy to have found !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mon k is a french bakery with a japanese flair . expect carefully crafted pastries , delicate flavours and subtle signature touches . my wife and i actually ordered three cakes from mon k for our wedding : one round cake for cutting ( white chocolate + berry ) , and two square cakes ( mango green tea , and fruit layer cake ) for the dessert table . all three were crowd pleasers and exactly as described when we ordered . both owners were very friendly and helpful throughout the entire process and happily answered any questions we had . ongoing favourites are the cream puffs , mango green tea cakes , croissants and fruit tarts . i 'd be visiting much more often if they were closer to my area..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for an afternoon date with my friend , and both of us were greatly pleased with our desserts ! my friend had the mango matcha mousse , i got the mont blanc , and we shared a box of lovely macarons . delicious ! the cakes look so pretty , and the macarons are cheaper than my usual buy . definitely will go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is full of delicious treats . i have only been here to get their baked goods but i understand that they have lunch specials for soups and sandwiches as well . their baked goods are really great and their japanese cheese cake is on par with that popular japanese cheese cake place in the city , minus the line ups . the decor is very quaint and there 's a little bit of seating to enjoy a coffee along with the baked goods", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i found this place randomly while on lunch break & i am so happy i did . mon k is quite possibly the best patisserie in the city . from the croissants that melt in your mouth , to the decadent macarons- you have to try everything . twice ! the only bad thing to say about mon k is that the hours are n't the greatest . wish they were opened on sunday 's . their quiches would be a perfect for a lazy brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been back to this bakery 3 times and every time i was not able to leave without buying way more than i planned ! everything looks so amazing and delicious . they even have savory items now and that 's perfect for lunch . their coffee is good too . i highly recommend this store , it has a lot of character and heart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . you really ca n't go wrong with anything here from croissants to cakes . everything is well prepared and tastes amazing ! the cakes are sort of a japanese fusion and they are some of the best i have tasted in town . there seems to be a perfect amount of sweetness to everything for me as i am not a fan of hugely sweet things . be prepared to pay a premium though as this stuff is not cheap but the prices are comparable to other high end patisseries in the city . the space is quite small and wo n't accommodate a large crowd . it 's cute though . definitely worth many visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this charming , little cafe has tugged some of my heartstrings for being so damn cute . the clean , white interior emphasizes their super lovely pastries and baked goods . i ordered the spinach quiche along with 2 desserts : a strawberry shortcake and an apricot tart . both were so satisfying through the eyes and stomach , i definitely took my time savouring them . the quiche and shortcake were very light and i loved how much you could taste the apricots in the tart , which were n't overly sugared at all . i only wish the location was n't so off the beaten path but then again , i do n't think it would have the same cozy vibe if located in a more popular area . will definitely come back in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's little pastries running by japanese on coxwell near o'connor . i bookmarked it 3 years ago but never got any chance to try . tried egg salad crossiant , chocolate almond crossiant and cream puff ( famous ) which were so great ! we will definitely be back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a very nice bakery . we can not think there is such a nice bakery in that neighbourhood . i tried different kinds of pastries and all are good . i liked their custard pudding . i did not try coffee , but my friends said coffee was excellent . their decoration is nice and they did antiques well inside . the music was good , too . i will go back there soon again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best croissant i 've had in this city ... ... .in such a random place too . i 'm glad though since it 's close to my house . but seriously ... .what 's up with the croissants ? they must 've stole the recipe from a safe in france .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the area and was looking for a coffee place and found this one , and i 'm happy i did . the place is clean and nice and very cute , and the almond croissant was super fresh and flaky . all the desserts looked amazing and i was amazed to see many people came in to buy or pick up baguettes and bakery goods . i will try that next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favourite places in toronto.atmostphere is cosy and friendly . the ladies who work there ( i think one of them is the owner ) are super friendly , and they do a really good job at remembering you and making you feel welcome . must try : creme custard , cream puffs , apple turnover , macaroons . then again , try everything . i have not had a single bad pastry from here . in the winter , they make a really creamy butternut squash soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my gosh i 've been coming here past year ever since my friend told me about it . often i have such cravings for their pastry ( ah the heavenly cream puff and the creamy puddings ! ! ! ) that i drive 45min to come here . everything i have tried here not only have satisfied me but amazed me . they are a real japanese pastry shop . real gem of toronto . i 'm quite sure they will survive in japanese big cities like tokyo where competition is harsh . i feel lucky they exist in the area that is accessible to me ( 45min drive is nothing ) . their cakes are delicate and sophisticated and not at all like those north american style sugary cakes . i once cried over a cake that tastes like a lump of sugar when i first came to toronto . if monk existed back then , my new life in toronto would have been much easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drooled . yup . it happened . i 'm not a fan of sweets but the pastries here are terrific - not too sweet . but that 's not what did it . their baguettes kill me . perfect crust and interior . delicious just having a chunk . over the top with some fresh unsalted butter and strawberry preserves . about the third time i had one of their baguettes in my possession i drooled in anticipation of that first bite of awesome . so embarrassing , but i 'll have another of those baguettes . please .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean little bakery store . comfortable and homey decors . ordered the japanese strawberry shortcake for a birthday celebration and we loved it . cream texture was very well done . cake presentation very good and clean . overall not too sweet . cake was moist and not crumbly . have n't tried the other goodies from the store yet but definitely will return for a sit down inside next time to enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so cute ! after spending 4 years in paris , i can say that the quiche was just as tasty as the real french deal . got the soup of the day ( leek and potato ) as well , delicious ! the d\u00e9cor is rustic and the staff are friendly . the only problem is that it 's small , but this just adds to the charm . i guess you can see whether there 's space to sit from the outside and i managed to get a seat at 1.30pm on a saturday , not too bad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favourite place ! awesome pastry and cake ! great taste and striking the eye which conquests it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would say , one of the best japanese patisserie in the gta . they have great selections of desserts that are n't overly sweet . i wish they would expand because there are never enough seatings . in the summer time , they have a table or two outside but those get taken first . my all time favourite is the pudding . i eat that first so i always forget to take a picture of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place to buy your bread , to have a coffee or to have a breakfast or lunch . the food is a healthy , fresh and tasty . the service is excellent but a little slow the table and chairs outside is a plus", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty much the best cream puff i 've ever had . the shell was soooo crispy and the thick gooey custard was the perfect combination . the service is great and the interior is so good ! only downside is that the place is small with only a few tables . i did notice that table turnover was fast so by the time we finished ordering , a table freed up . the hojicha pudding was very delicious as well - not too sweet but full of flavour . need to come back again for the strawberry shortcake ! they sold at at 3pm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had the best pastry in my life . pastachio . worth it . fyi closed monday i noticed on the sign .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a very lovely italian brunch here , and the service was really pleasant and nice as well . we shared two plates , one that came with some grilled bread and spreads which included a tasty burrata cheese with honey and nuts . the other was a salmon dish with a pretty ordinary arugula salad but the salmon was perfect . the space is somewhat small but very nice and quaint , perfect for a party of 2 ( and some people came to brunch on their own ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after hearing rave reviews about this restaurant , my wife and i decided to try it . the service staff was so rude that we left within 5 minutes . the waiter spoke unintelligable french and did not offer any menus at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome italian food . classic and great price . prossecco night on thursday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service , however bland & overpriced food . we skipped wine & dessert as both seemed absurdly expensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had the pleasure of brunching at barcola on two occasions . both times were very satisfying experiences . if you 're looking for tasty dishes , fast and friendly service + reasonable prices , this is it . also , two thumbs up for the jazzy , laid-back decor . barcola 's the kind of place where i can easily see myself becoming a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after eating poutine two days in a row i was after something a bit more substantial and barcola ticked that box perfectly . a new menu offered each day with fresh produce . the staff were extremely nice . order the steak and spritz aperol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very tasty , portions very small and the menus is equally small . cannoli with pistachios were great , but again limited options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "agr\u00e9able terrasse sur avenue du parc . cuisine italienne originale et appliqu\u00e9e . aurait m\u00e9rit\u00e9 une 4e \u00e9toile si le service n'avait pas \u00e9t\u00e9 en dessous de tout .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't like writing bad reviews on establishments because people waste time complaining on yelp . but this warning needed to be posted . with bugs in my room , dead and alive i was n't happy at all to wait an hour to get the room switched . oh ! and when they did move us the a c did n't work in the new room . another 25 mins wasted waiting for the tech : - ( ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a very beautiful hotel . it is very clean and the surrounding area is also nice . the pool and lagoon waterfall are both great features . the staff was very helpful . shoutout to jun that helped us check in . -1 star for location . there are places around the hotel to eat , but very few . we ended up driving 25-30 minutes to the places we chose to eat . the strip is also about 30 min away , but they do have a complimentary shuttle that runs every 3 hours until 930pm which is nice . overall , i would recommend to those who do n't mind driving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is for a visit to the spa only . i did not step foot in the main building hotel . i parked in the garage and walked the short distance to the spa building , all easy and convenient . i made the appt about 3 weeks before , making a change to the date about 10 days before . both calls were easy , professional yet friendly . i spent about 4 hours here , using the amenities ( hot tub , wet dry sauna , equipped locker shower area ) and receiving an 80 minute massage and 25 minute pedicure . spa staff was great and would highly recommend carlos ( massage therapist ) and julie ( nail technician ) . both were incredibly skilled and very nice . i will return to see both of the again , not every week , as lake las vegas is not in my backyard . it takes bout 40 minutes to get there but , i know the service will be worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so far i am disgusted to have found a roach in our room last night . let 's see what they do to make it better ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really torn here , this property used to be a ritz and the village used to be jammed with retail , and restaurants . since it 's been a hilton things have slowly gone down hill . the bones of the ritz have n't been refreshed in a while and maintainable and cleaning have not been that active . from scuffed paint in the rooms to damaged fixtures and a lack of exterior maintenance make me worry about this place . for the rate i paid this is still a good location , the rooms are clean although show signs of neglect , the staff is very friendly but the amenities are limited . the pool is still open , the casino is closed , one of the golf courses is closed as well and the bustling village has a few restaurants and even fewer shops . 4 stars this time but if you come in a few months it will probably continue to slip into dismay , hurry and take advantage before the low price seems to become a rip off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay away ! ! ! ! been trying to get hold of the gm he has been fired . have left 4 messages for ms keyes who is in charge never a call back . seems she is also the problem of poor service at this beautiful property . the room was very nice since it was the ritz carlton before . the staff friendly and helpful but the front desk manager was a insane . poor skills with my problem of the valet could n't find my car . he screamed at me to get out of his office with my problem and refused to get me his bosses card . for a hilton hotel it was disgraceful his customer service . i was there to check the hotel out to book 30 rooms in december but will not give my convention business to them because of his unprofessional actions . come to find out today the gm was fired yesterday . the hotel management is in a disaster mode . stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i checked in for a two night stay , the tv would not turn on and one of the lamps in the room did not work -- it needed a new bulb . i was charged $ 22.00 extra each day for a resort rate which meant that i was entitled to a bottle of water and some coffee in the room . the second day i could n't get my room cleaned ; consequently , i could n't get a bottle of water for which i had paid $ 22.00 . finally , the hotel is so large that it is difficult to find its amenities , most of which were not in operation . all in all staying at this hotel was a disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice hotel . not so great service . it was my birthday get away and my husband scheduled some surprises ( after several confirmations ) that were not fulfilled by staff . the hotel was a ghost town and they still did n't deliver . not cool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "average room ... not a lot of `` extra '' stuff . large closet ! ! whoop whoop ! ! no microwave . they do have a mini fridge ... empty and smelling like old french fries . the furniture looks like they are trying to hold on to it as long as possible . beautiful property ! ! the check in was a bit long because the property is soooo big ( ton of rooms ) i checked in for business travel . trying to find the elevator to my floor ( 8th ) was a challenge ! i felt like i was going through a haunted hotel to try and find my room . the entire hotel feels weird ... just a bit off if you ask me . the free wifi is nice and the bathroom had a huge tub ( i do n't do baths ) . they also had a vanity mirror which i use at home : ) to be honest ... i do n't think i would come back here if i was staying by myself again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to this hotel about 3 times in the last 3 years so at least once a year for stay cation and i would like to say that they 've treated me very well ! once i had a problem with the window it was dirty but they quickly changed my room and upgraded me , they are very accommodating . yes some of the places around are closed but i do n't mind i go here for the seclusion and i find it very comforting the balconies rooms are the best with a great view at night ! love this place and i ca n't wait to go back next week", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service from margie at the front desk . as we were checking out , i casually mentioned how cold and dirty the pool was . i let her know the lifeguard said they had shut off the heater because there were n't many guests here . she had total attitude and said `` i do n't know what you 're talking about because our pool is n't heated '' . she showed no concern for resolving the situation or making it better . after we paid way more than this was worth , she did n't even thank us . we were married here three years ago and we will never be back again . what kind of $ 240 on a monday night resort does n't have a heated pool and great service ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the front desk staff was nice , we were just really shocked at how poorly the parking situation was as well as the smell of the resort . i do n't normally complain and i hate to even write what i am about to but it smells like cat piss as you walk from the garage to the rooms . for the expense and the location and it seems poorly managed , this property needs basic maintenance . i am disappointed . we realized in the morning that the carpet by the window in our room was completely soaked and i had left my duffle on the ground overnight and the entire bottom of it was soaked as well as my clothes . told the gal at checkout and she did n't ask any more questions about things and just gave a weak `` i 'm sorry i 'll let housekeeping know '' . we wo n't be back and we wo n't be suggesting it to friends .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "enjoyed our stay . service was great . quaint resort hotel which is away from the hustle and bustle from the strip . you really do n't need to leave , unless you want to gamble . steps from our room , there is a village with restaurants , bars , shops and galleries . also , for active individuals there is hiking and biking trails , jet skiing , boat rentals , etc . definitely will come back , a great hidden gem in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a difference ! ! ! over the past year i have seen this hotel transform . new carpet , new everything . people say customer service is all about how well someone serves you ... here they treat you as a friend . ca n't wait until i plan another staycation ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff , no questions about that , very nice room with a great view , dining room is lovely and their breakfasts are fantastic , a really great value . however the place is a virtual ghost town ... their much advertised village is a series of for lease signs ... cobbled streets are entirely vacant ... very limited dining options ... their casino is shuttered , so there is zero entertainment ! other positives are a great gym ( free ) and an impressive pool and spa ... good business center ... we got a great deal and enjoyed our stay , but it was the quietest place i 've ever stayed in ... 30 - 40 minutes to the vegas strip ... a very beautiful location . seems to be a hilton franchise if there is such a thing ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a terrible experience ! i have promised myself to never stay at a hilton again after last time was a similarly bad experience . sorry , no third chances . the manager is incredibly rude . we wanted to use the jacuzzi at night and were told it is only open 7-7 . great , who wants to use a jacuzzi at night , right ? the next day we are planning to hang out in the jacuzzi . it 's closed for resurfacing . really , manager ? you did n't know that last night ! ? that does n't make you a very good manager , i guess . he also was n't too concerned about how unhappy we were , the smug grin never left his face . hotel is pretty outdated and not very nice overall . the surroundings look like a construction zone in a ghost town , pretty much everything is closed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this hotel . currently staying in a king suite and even though it 's pricey very worth it . we have the view to the lake and boats and also the zen garden restaurant area they also accommodated us with a balcony which is amazing . the room is very clean minor stain by the entrance but aside from that very clean ac gets super cold which is awesome room is very spacious the staff is also nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pet friendly hotel with extremely attentive staff , who go out of their way to make sure your pets are comfortable . our average wait for room service was less than 20min on both nights and everyone from the luggage attendant ( who carried up our dogs beds ) to the guest check in ( who made sure our room had a walk out area for the dogs ) made us feel extremely welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant change of pace from the strip . we wanted to come to vegas but wanted a relaxing weekend . this was the perfect spot . the hotel is like being in an italian village by a lake . our room was overlooking the gardens with a great view of the beautiful hills behind the hotel . we booked spa treatments , ate dinner in the village and then went to strip for a show . perfect balance of fun and relaxation . coming back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is very nice . me and my girlfriend stayed here for 2 days and we had a really good time the pool was perfect and the lagoon was even more fun . the only bad thing i have to say is that there is a whole line up of `` retail shops '' but none of them are open or even occupied . and we also wanted to go kayaking but when we got to the place were we thought they rented them out at we were told that we had to go across the lake to do so . but they had kayaks right there other then that we had a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice gym , nice facilities . quiet area in henderson . have not eaten here yet , but did eat in the area nearby . food was good , with a nice beer menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stayed here for a night on our way home from grand canyon . it was such a beautiful property , however , in a deserted place that not many people seemed to be staying here . it was nice that it was quiet . i gave 4 stars since we saw some ants in our room . my mom really enjoyed staying here so we would come back here . nice staff as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not book any events with this place they will rip you off and charge you with out telling you . very bad expirience with this place and the staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not impressed with room view . was sold to me as the best lake view and nice spa . apparently , the person that checks you in can decide to stick you with the `` dirt '' view . i am extremely disappointed with the response when i asked to change rooms . ultimately i am sticking with the ugly view room to get through the conference i am here for . yuck is my thought . seems clean so i guess that 's a plus . a hilton let down ! ! ! ! ! property hallways are hot and no where is easy to get to . long walks on the strip i expect , here , no .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my bathroom was dirty and had a dead bug . i spend my entire evening trying to get them to clean it right . i paid $ 177 per room and wish i would have stayed at best western instead . you live and you learn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an absolute blast at this hotel . my room was directly over the lake . i 'm sharing pictures at this point because these simply does n't do the place any real justice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gorgeous room . very cozy . wonderful service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a stunning hotel with beautiful rooms . the manager of choice ... yogi ! puts the `` customer '' in customer service . turned a so so nights stay into a weekend to remember . a bit clich\u00e9 but true . great staff , great breakfast buffet and seriously first rate accommodations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my first stay here i have not booked another hotel in las vegas . it 's not close to the strip but the hotel , lake views , and hotel customer service is worth the drive . great spa , fitness center , on-site restaurants , water sports , etc . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : comfy rooms , courteous staff , nice gym , pretty grounds . cons : have to walk really far to get anywhere ( could be it 's just that our room was at the end of the earth , or so it seemed ) , nothing in the general vicinity of the hotel . far from the strip ( could be a positive or negative , depending on what you are looking for ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hotel itself is beautiful , i instantly fell in love with the decor and the view . unfortunately the air conditioner in our room did n't work right so it was extremely hot . the staff did n't seem to care so we suffered through the night . breakfast in the morning was good but i do n't think it was worth the $ 180 a night price tag .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "with a massage groupon , my best friend & i went a couple hours early to use the spa facilities & pool ; not sure what it 's like on a weekend but it was very peaceful on the weekday we went . if you park in the parking garage , please note , the spa is on the other side of the valet , in its own building . every single person we came into contact with was genuinely friendly . for us two women , our options were one female & one male masseuse ... i had the male & he was superb . there is zero reason to feel uncomfy about him as your masseuse . the property & facilities were beautiful & clean ... definitely recommend for a dayscape !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nicely hidden gem away from the strip . as a hilton honors i looked for hotels in vegas and found this place . it is located 30 minutes from the strip and has a great price . the drive there is gorgeous and the hotel is outstanding . the place is quiet , clean and great for a peaceful vacation . the breakfast buffet is really good as well . would recommend if you are coming to vegas and do not want to stay on the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lake las vegas is a hidden gem ! i am a local and just took my husband there for our first time . the area is beautiful ! there are a few restaurant with really good food , you have to go to lobsermans for lunch ! we stayed at the hilton and it was beautiful , we had a balcony room on the bridge , amazing views ! live music every saturday night . the shops are closed except one leather purse shop . it has a lot of money put into it but went down with the recession . hopefully it will thrive again soon . we enjoyed the quietness . there are boat and paddle board rentals on the lake . we plan on going a lot more with and without the kids ! high marks from us all the way around ! ! after living in the city forever the quiet lake with beautiful buildings , walkways and views is exactly what is needed to decompress ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "besides the las vegas lake hilton being one of the nicest hotels ive stayed in , there was a few problems that did not het resolved they charged us 100 dollars a day for incedentals even if you dokt use any they still hold 100 dollars a day what if all you had was a little extra money on you card to enjoy your vacation well they take it . two while in our very nice sweet over looking the lake when you turn on the shower the bath tub backs up and black water comes out from drain and it smells horrible the cleaning lady witnessed this and said she would go and get an engineer to fix it . after a long day out in vegas we returned to a note on the desk stating engineering is coming to fix backup in tub guess what they never came this place is beautiful dont get me wrong but i wasnt very pleased with our stay", "score": "1"}
{"review": "about this ... ... i did n't want to leave . breath taking view ! the staff was amazing . i will return one day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a beautiful property and the village is adorable , but completely deserted ! disappointing experience upon check-in , we had no ac in the room and the carpets were drenched from rain that came through that day . the staff did not acknowledge the fact that the ac was a property wide problem ( even though other guests were complaining too ) , but fortunately it was fixed by the time we returned to our room . the breakfast at medici cafe we great , and our server irene was fantastic ! hope things turn around over in lake las vegas soon ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful dining room , reminded me of back east . .the view of gardens serene . best coffee and oatmeal and waffles . great brunch", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it here ! the place is clean and beautiful . the staff are amazing . beds are comfy and rooms are cozy . plus ... .the food is really good . the lake views are amazing . the hotel is pet friendly which is a huge plus for me . wish they would put more into marketing . i stay here because i do n't like to stay on the strip while in vegas . i imagine a lot of folks feel the same . hoping this place gets busier . it 's a gem !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big , clean , and quiet rooms - several restaurants , very nice place ( yes , it needs new carpet ) . the quietest room i 've stayed in a long time with an exceptionally comfortable bed . if you want a casino , go downtown - if you do n't want a casino , this place is great ! excellent breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was all of it and then some ! we took a mini vacay to vegas and wanted to splurge on a yummy breakfast at an 'old school ' spot . i actually found this place on yelp and looked at the pictures and my peeps and i agreed this place is what we needed :0 ) the service is 10++ our server never got annoyed with our many requests ( water refills , sugar free syrup ect ) and we loved that on each table they had a tray full of everything we needed like ketchup , hot sauce , salt n pepper , cream and many kinds of sweeteners . the food was in ginormous portions and of course we have big eyes and had plenty of food left for breakfast then next day ( i could n't even eat my chocolate pancakes because my skillet filled me up ! ) everything was yummy the place was clean and services was perfect . check out my pics and try this place you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "received word that a buddy was in town and wanted to grab a bite to eat on sunday morning . wanting to knock a bookmark off the list we drove to another location and they were closed . bbhfr was in the immediate area and all the other bb hills are always a solid eat spot . the parking lot was packed ( lot 's of out of town plates ) and i thought we might be in for a wait . while this was sort of the case , the two of us waited for about eight minutes and then we had a table . the place was slammed and i was not expecting much from the waitress but she took our orders quickly and did the best to keep up with keeping the coffee hot . my grubsteaker breakfast was great ! a slab of ground beef covered with cheese and bacon , served with two eggs and hash browns . this particular bbh offers great service , great food for those that live in the area and for those looking to make the long trek across the desert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "venturing off strip we decided to give blueberry hill a try . a local friend recommended it . it was pretty busy , but we got seated quickly and service was quick . the pancakes were so good as well as the crepes . even the eggs ! i loved it ! ! next time i visit , i will definitely come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a comfortable nice family diner . it 's far from an upscale place or anything ( they could use some renovation ) . i recommend coming here to enjoy a 24 hour breakfast ( they are open 24 7 ) and breakfast is what they do best . the portions are large and the price is reasonable . best way i can describe this place is like an better version of an ihop . service is friendly and they never seem to be overly crowded . i think there are a few locations of this family owned restaurant . this location is right by unlv and the flamingo library . the neighborhood is kinda sketchy so just be careful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "classic family restaurant and i like it , but not enough to munch here all the time unless i 've had a few drinks ! ambiance : 3 - sometimes packed , sometimes not . full of older people that have a passion for coffee and broke college kids that come here before class ! it 's clean , but it 's not like it 's nice inside , it 's basically a diner . service : 3 - service is slow slow slow ! food wait time is average , but they keep you buzzed on coffee to forget that ! food : 4 - pretty good for being so cheap ! if you order the savory foods , it 's definitely better than eating at ihop ! some of the pancakes are just way too sweet , but holy cow , they are huge !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was exactly what i rated it a-ok . nothing fabulous . nothing too bad . just a-ok. would i come back again ? not likely . positive : tons of food choices on a huge , as in huge menu . negative : service was super slow and not attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service : -great attitude from the server , connected with her customers . -quick service -happy employees drinks : -bland house coffee -iced coffee was served in an unappetizing blue plastic cup . the taste lacked richness and could have been a simple coffee with creamer . yet , charged $ 2.89 food : -bonanza special ( two eggs , bacon , and pancakes '' -- over cooked , extremely salty , burnt bacon . -- pancakes ( ihop or dennys pancakes beat this place ) enough said . -meat lovers special -- had more potatoes than actual meat . denny 's beats this , once again . -dixi 's special -- lacked flavor . not really meatloaf , just fried bread crumbs . overall , disappointed : ( we expected more from this mom and pop diner . # goodbye", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular customer here and i 've always had a wonderful experience here . lisa , leslie , and deedee are the best waitresses around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the menu is huge with a lot of tasty items and our service and food was all good . the place looks a little run down and i overheard the staff complaining about their supervisor or manager that seemed to be on a power trip or something ... but even though i could tell the employees were pissed off at someone , they were very attentive and polite with the customers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5.10.08 : this spot is suppose to be the place where the locals come and eat . true ? not sure but whatevers i 'm just hungry . decent prices great portion . their pancakes and french toast is light and fluffy which is nice . it is satisfying and tasty . very crowded place . want good breakfast ? come here . and no its not like norms , dennys or ihop . its better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was our first time eating at this restaurant , we heard it was pretty good and open 24hrs . we came in around midnight and were sat immediately & our orders were taken promptly . our waitress initially was attentive but became very rude after a member of my party 's food was n't what she thought it would be and mine was under cooked . i asked if i could substitute the undercooked side and the waitress said `` i really do n't know what you 're saying to me '' and walked away from our table . she returned a few minutes later and said `` so what are you trying to tell me '' i explained that the food was visibly uncooked & she said `` ok what is it you want me to do '' after i had clearly asked to substitute , she angrily snatched the plate and said she 'd take it off of my ticket which clearly did n't help being that i came to a restaurant to eat food ... it was a bad overall experience . the food was not good and the waitress was extremely rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent local breakfast spot . earlier the better as is can get really crowded on the weekends . much better alternative to your usual denny 's ihop", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by this diner this morning after dropping my fianc\u00e9 off to work . i chose this location because of the reviews . overall , the customer service was great . however , my omelette was extremely dry . i was hoping that the salsa would help unfortunately it did n't . my pancakes were okay . i would go back but i would n't order an omelette !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good classic diner.. got thr breaded pork chops and eggs..awesome.. didnt eat for the rest of the day", "score": "4"}
{"review": "compared to hash house a go go , this is definitely the better place to eat breakfast food . their pancakes are very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical diner food . not bad not good . egg and i is a much better breakfast place . i had classic eggs benedict and hash browns . nothing really blew our socks off . husband had turkey and dressing . little on the dry side . gravy was bland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the greeting staff seemed nice but our waitress was rude . she was going to charge twice for sharing a cup of coffee , was n't helpful and seemed like she was sour about everything . i raised this with the manager and she did n't seem phased by it as if were a normal and acceptable occurrence . anyway , food and ambience is ok and nothing worth noting . the service was terrible so this place is n't worth going to . save your money and go to other better breakfast places around the area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice family style diner type of food ... .friendly service , though a bit rushed because this place is either understaffed ( which it doesnt seem to be ) or just overwhelmed by the tons of people who come in here ... coffee is fine if you like 50 's diner coffee ( read weak and unmemorable ) instead of groovy peet 's or starbucks 's strong and manly ... .food is pedestrian , or thoroughly average ... not bad not great but there ... .amusing atmosphere for the kids , watching all the rushing around ... if you 're in the neighborhood give it a try , but surely there are better breakfast places in lost wages ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they allowed a dog inside while i was eating . waitress was rude because she did n't really give us any attention , noticed her smiling at everyone else but our party ( definitely did n't tip her ) took her over 5 minutes to order some oj after everyone else got coffee . and i do n't like being handed the check while in still eating ( what if i wanted something else , or wait until i 'm almost done or even half way not right when i get my food ) took over 45 minutes for two pancakes", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great if you dont care about your figure irish eggs benedict awesome . mom going with with grilled cheese and tomato boring .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the blue berry hill , it 's not too from unlv and this place is perfect for those late nights after heavy partying , right before class and even after class . the hill is best known for they 're breakfast but it has a large menu for lunch and dinner . the servers are sweet and they are very attentive when it comes to coffee refills . my fave is the corned beef with 2 eggs which comes with your choice of hush browns or pancakes and toast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as diners go , this place was not bad . service was a little suspect , but i was there on a monday afternoon so keep that in mind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a nice bluebery hill restaurant . it 's well-lighted inside and plenty of parking . the breakfast options , especially the pancakes , are top notch . i 'd say the best in town . they have a wide selection of other items , too . burgers are great and so are the onion rings . friendly staff , too . reasonable prices . they have some kind of special deals almost every day . worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "would give it 3 stars food was just ok and service was slow and server did n't even come visit us once after we got our food . only thing that is saving them was that blueberry pancakes are to die for and syrup came warm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great breakfast for great prices ! the french toast was awesome , light , fluffy and a perfect fit for the strawberries . yummy ! we will come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast last week and wowza , it was great ! huge portions and food was delicious . i had an omelet with home fried potatoes and toast and my husband enjoyed the short stack with corn beef hash . waitress was super friendly and the hot coffee was great ( recommendation of the uber driver . ) husband said he would n't mind eating there for every meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . did n't want to pay the high cost of breakfast buffet at the casino . pancakes : holy shit these are the best . amazing pancakes . chilequilesv : amazing real home made salsa verde . the plate was big and amazing . my wife is so picky about this plate . it is her favorite . she loved loved it . sausage omelet : average , but huge plate and more sausage than i have ever seen in any omelet . service : very nice , coffee always filled . 5 star service . seats were s bit small , and uncomfortable . that is why they only get 4 out of 5 stars . you must try this place out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that it 's a local place . huge menu so be prepared to be a little overwhelmed . the portions are incredibly large so take that into consideration when ordering . had banana pancakes and eggs . the cinnamon sauce was just ok . but the bananas were fresh . and the syrup is really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in on a busy saturday morning and the service was great ! could n't have been any better or faster . omelets are nice and fluffy . everything is made from scratch and it tastes like it . pancakes are the best anywhere . best breakfast place i have been to ever . ca n't wait for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pancakes i have ever had . i have to stop by every vegas trip . you got ta try them . also , the corned beef hash comb includes pancakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our favorite breakfast spot in vegas , whenever we have guests in town we will bring them here and they always end up loving it . the only thing that frustrates about this place is the menu , it is so jam packed with options that it makes it hard to find out what you want ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never eat breakfast on the strip again ! we had to leave early to drop someone off at the airport and decided to find somewhere close to our hotel to eat breakfast that would not cost $ 100 . there was not a wait on sunday morning at 8am . a nice young man selling the paper greeted and opened the door for us . we were greeted with good morning and sat right down . the waitress was fantastic . worked harder than anyone in vegas to make us happy . and the food ! my word did they give us enough . it was great ! good diner style breakfast . the three year old was even impressed . now that 's impressive ! loved the kids coloring mat ; it showed us the owners love jesus also . what a great place ! 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried this place after reading reviews on yelp . i 'm so glad we went -- definitely will eat here again ! ! we went just before we returned to la . it 's not flashy or pretentious , it 's down to earth and comfortable . pros : easy to find get to from the strip best french a toast ever ! ( our waitress said so and i had to confirm ) best patty melt ever ! ( friend 's order ) best french fries ( friend 's order ... i confirmed ) attentive wait staff reasonable pricing fresh , home style cooking cons : ca n't think of any", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for brunch while in vegas for a work trip turned vacay . i am annoyed i have suffered so many overpriced yet sub standard breakfast buffets when this place was just around the corner and at a fraction of the price ! this will be our go-to place from now on ! while the huge menu was a bit overwhelming , we stuck with our favorites and were n't disappointed . i had the coconut chicken and waffles and it was out of this world ... plus a side of what may have been the best biscuits and gravy i 've ever had . i also had a few bites of the french toast , which was so flavorful i could n't believe it . i 'm looking forward to my next hungover vegas morning simply so i can pour myself into a booth with my sunglasses on and indulge in some incredible breakfast food at blueberry hill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always cheap and fast . 24 hours a day . our go to spot off the strip to get some late night diner food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give less than one star if i could . my husband and i came here based on other yelper 's reviews . the omelet said the bell peppers and onions were saut\u00e9ed in butter first and they were crunchy and raw . the omelet was n't so much an omelet as scrambled eggs with stuff thrown in . the has browns were more like hash whites and very greasy . the bacon 's flavor was good but also greasy . our waitress was very abrupt and rude . we were n't there during a busy time so i do n't understand the attitude . all i can say is btdtna ( been there done that never again ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are alway nice to us my mom and me.its nice i get the same waitress every time and the food is real real good .love it the dinning room is always clean every thing about it is great.keep it up great job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was recommended by a lv local and i 'm glad we came here . it 's a wonderfully outdated diner style breakfast spot that serves greasy , delicious food at a low price . i got an omelet with ham , onions , and tomatoes . it was amazing and a great start to a long day of vegas sightseeing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just left this place my waitress was shitty they bought me scrambled eggs n cheese they look like they were on the counter for 2 hrs they looked plastic . got an omelette with spinach when we did n't sent it back then it stilled had spinach on it . i ordered pigs in a blanket and the sausage inside was extremely small when in the menu they mention it being large and savory . never going to this place again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife and i love this spot . they have killer $ 8.95 specials that include the entree , two sides , corn bread , drink and dessert ! kids eat for .99 cents so not only is the food great , but the value is incredible . great place for breakfast or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the blueberry family restaurant ! i always go to the one of decatur because i live close by but this one , service was not good . the server was very rude to us for no reason and the food was not as good as it usually is . very disappointed , will not be coming back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "watched a lady have a heart attack and fall to the ground and then emergency personnel arrive and wheel her out as we waited for our food . the chicken-fried chicken was good , would come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time eating at this restaurant and it was nice . grilled cheese was excellent . would have been nice had they waited and not cleaned the ceiling lamps in the middle of lunch . otherwise an decent place to eat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "zowwwwiee ! chocolate chip pancakes ! ! ! or any of their pancakes for that matter . eat'em while they 're hot ! ! ! other than that , everything is really good . my favorite is the mexican scramble with eggs over-easy . coffee is very good ( even though the mugs are tiny ) . prices are very reasonable . open 24 hours . wear some loose fitting clothes because you will get full ! why 4 stars instead of 5 ? only because the place looks a bit dirty . your first time there , you may be put off by the appearance of the place , but once you sink your teeth into the chocolate chip pancakes , you wo n't remember . and you 'll be back . i go here every-time i 'm in lv and i 'm in lv several times a year .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best fresh squeezed orange juice i 've had outside of florida . i also recommend the huge 4 egg denver omelet or chorizo omelet with egg whites . you ca n't go wrong with the hash browns or home fries either which were amazingly not greasy at all . i did n't get the pancakes or waffles the days we went , but the other guys i was with raved about them . somewhat dingy inside , but the prices are cheap for vegas , and the service is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glorified over priced dennie 's , thought we were saving money getting so far from the strip , but we would have been better off staying on the strip . second time here and wo n't return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice to get away from the strip for a morning . food was pretty good all around and reasonably priced . staff was also pretty friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place lives up to its reputation as a friendly , family run restaurant . hearty portions -- 4 egg omelettes folks ! ! -- easily made one breakfast into two . super fluffy pancakes on the side adds to all the reasons this place is rated like it is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their pancakes n waffles ; compared to ihop ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was really good family diner feel , i had the waffle which was the right amount of crunch and soft . the flavor was really good . eggs cooked to order and the ham was big and delicious . fast and friendly service and the price is pretty good especially since the plates are so big", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i asked a local foodie for a good breakfast spot in vegas and blueberry hill was the suggestion and what a good one it turned out to be . as usual when in vegas i tend to travel off the strip and dine with the locals . this habit has never failed me yet for a meal , and after b h i 'm still on a roll . i tried the biscuits and gravy with the eggs over medium and bacon . now while my breakfast was simple but good i saw some amazing looking things coming out of that kitchen . pancakes and waffles with various toppings , omelettes that could n't be believed by sight alone . it all had me doubting my own order . but rest assured mine was delicious . huge home made biscuits ( i could n't finish one ) creamy sausage gravy and perfectly cooked eggs i was content . service was very good and the prices are fair . portions are rather large so feel free to split away . this place will be in my vegas breakfast rotation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "blueberry hill is the most awesome place right off the strip in las vegas . it is very similar to an ihop , but vegas'ed out . we went here for a late night meal because it was near our timeshare . the prices were reasonable , the service was over and above especially for the time of night and the best part was the food was fantastic . the only bit that got me was they only serve certain things during certain hours and my first pick was not one being served then . they have a huge range of choices though so we ate like pigs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap and acceptable food . good for breakfast and very good service . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to me , this is an american `` bread and butter '' diner . just come here to fill up for breakfast and nothing more . food is good , not stellar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here after a long day of working and was just looking for a quick bite with my room mates since we all had n't gone here since we were small and have been getting tired of bad service at our local ihop ... service was wonderful here . sedelia paid close attention to us and what we asked for and our food came out of the kitchen tasting great ! the menu is seriously huge , even a picky eater could find something they 'd love in this menu . definitely will be coming back , we just do n't get good service like this anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for the good service . i 'm greatly disappointed with the sirloin i ordered . the menu claimed that the beef was certified angus . it had to much fat and it was hard to cut . i 've had a better steak at norms . on a positive note , i enjoyed the pancakes and other breakfast items . i would return but not for the steak .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "omg . this place is awesome . the only reason that you will have to wait a long period of time for your food is because you ca n't make up your mind on what you order from the menu everything here was delicious ! the prices were reasonable for two people we spent about $ 30 but there was more than enough to eat and leave on your plate lol . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh hot coffee , warm & friendly staff , delicious home-style food , blueberry hill has always been like a home for me . from the outside it does n't look like a huge , 5 star chain restaurant , but it 's even better than ihop or denny 's hands down . i had an amazing chicken waffle breakfast and it was an incredibly delicious and filling meal ! the staff was very attentive and very efficient . it 's a great place to enjoy a meal with relatives , for breakfast early in the am or after a long shift at work . the ambience allows you to relax and settle down after a busy day . i love coming to blueberry hill and highly recommend it over any other chain restaurants of similar variety .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is always good and the waits have great attitudes . always a win !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "strawberry crepes are the bees knees ! ! absolutely in love ! they 're always consistent no matter what time of day ! thanks bbhills ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good place for breakfast and lunch . the orders are huge so keep that in mind . i love the option of having pancakes as a side for my omelette . very nice ambiance and good comfort food . i had the wild west omelette with pancakes and my son had the denver omelette with home fries and toast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my ham and cheese omelet came to me like scrambled eggs that i would make at home , kind of a mess . i have a gluten allergy , so do n't go here if you have a gluten allergy . they do not accommodate at all ! i ordered decaf tea . she brought the hot water but by the time she remembered , after prompting , to bring a decaf tea bag the hot water was not hot . bathrooms dirty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid food in large portions . they 'll eagerly take substitutions and make whatever you want . lots of off street parking and friendly , efficient staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to blueberry hill last friday and even though it 's one of my favorite breakfast places i ca n't seem to go back . i was sitting at the counter when a giant cock roach came crawling across the counter . that just makes me sick ! also , i 'm not against religion but i am against business forcing their beliefs on others . lose the religious books for sale at the cash register . looks like i 'll have to find a new favorite .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice big diner menu selection but coffee was s ... : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food at a decent price . yes prices are higher in vegas than the midwest where i am from , but that is to be expected . service is usually quick and generous servings . menu is large and varied and breakfast is served all day long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's was a great breakfast after spending the night in vegas ! great selections on the menu , with items and combinations that are unique to the establishment . had the pancakes and coffee , the pancakes were so delicious and made me so happy ! this place does get a little crowded , so fyi . one more thing , try the biscuits !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge portions for waffles and pancakes . great waffles -- crisp and light , even with mounds of ice cream and whipped cream . especially good cinnamon raisin pancakes . eggs and hash brown are only so-so . service is spotty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hmmmmmm ... ... i had a cheese omelet with hash browns , boring i know . they do have a fairly good sized menu with alot of variety . that is nice . i really enjoyed my food . my omelet was hot and fluffy and i really liked the way the hash browns were shredded . location is fairly close to the strip and not so pricy so that is nice . do i have to go back ? ? ? ? ? it does n't stand out to me as an i have to go back place . service was friendly , quick , portion size was big . decor is terrible and could really use some updating . it 's just a-ok in my book , you wo n't be disappointed but you wo n't be overly thrilled either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant made my entire trip worth coming to las vegas , nv ! hands down ... .the best pancake place i 've ever eaten at . my mouth enveloped the most buttery , lightest buttermilk pancakes ever . crispy bacon ( by order ) with scrambled eggs and sausage . forget the sausage and eggs . i was into the pancakes and bacon . everything i saw coming out of the kitchen looked yummy . a guy next to me had the chilaquiles verde and my goodness im gon na have to switch up how i eat breakfast . spoke with phil ( host ) and he was so delightful . our server violeta was very attentative to our needs . this place makes homemade almost everything ! ! ! its like a truck stop diner pit stop type place . named after chuck berry 's song blueberry hill ! well , i 've found my thrill at this place with the best food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always has kind and accomodating staff . never stingy on portions , unlike the location around decatur and charleston . always worth the walk from unlv . i 've been here 3 times and have ordered something different each time . never disappointed in the very least . but , they need to invest in a cleaner bathroom . it looks really old with mold deposit etc buildup", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here for breakfast because they have the best chicken and waffles anywhere . my wife and i shared the coconut honey chicken and waffle and my daughter had the 3 crepe meal with blueberry compote . the honey butter that comes with the chicken and waffles is so good that syrup isnt even needed . in fact it might detract from the brilliant flavor they have on their own . my daughter loved the crepes and i basically stole one off her plate . the relatively low amount of food we ordered was plenty to keep us full all day long . this is a must stop for basically anything you 'd like to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one if our favorite places for breakfast before we go home . the lunch is really good and the french fries are excellent . crispy outside and soft inside . the special on the board was pork chops and it was delicious and we saved 2.00 . i split this and gut a side if pancakes . it was perfect amount if food . the place us not the cleanest but it works for breakfast . the philly steak was 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is overrated . the food is horrible and the service is extremely slow . i ordered two eggs over easy and it took 45 minutes . our waitress did n't refill our waters or coffee . additionally the waitresses could of been flirty like at a hooters . i mean its a topless breakfast place , they should have a sense of humor about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . topless diner heaven . highly recommended for male and female . good food good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not what i was expecting at all when thinking about `` naked brunch '' but nice quaint place . decent breakfast food and they seem to be the place for bachelor parties to have that last meal before the big day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a topless diner near the olympic stadium . decent diner food , lots of security lounging about , and what looked to be a few regulars hanging out . fyi - i was the only female patron !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ive been going to this place for about 4-5 years now and the food quality has stayed the same ( below average diner food ) . the menu is completely in french and the waitresses dont speak english . i always go with the safe bet of chicken fingers or wings . i was there this weekend and everyone was wearing bikinis or dresses i was very much disappointed because we usually kick off a weekend of debauchery with topless breakfast and instead had mild breakfast . not worth the cab subway ride anymore if this is the norm now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was sub par ( i liked it more than my friends ) but the experience was legendary . bring extra cash .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just went to this place the second weekend of july . this place was the biggest waste of time ever . the waitresses were in bikinis and did n't look happy to be there . not to mention they were n't even hot . i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my work associate picked this hotel for its proximity to the city center during our trip . it was quite satisfactory . a bar available in the lobby , a full-service restaurant with a great breakfast buffet co-located , and free wifi . there were no mini-refrigerator or microwave oven in the room . space-efficient layout of the room with a large king size bed . a bakery , several bars , and a brewery-pub restaurant a few blocks away . the city center with more shops , restaurants , etc about a kilometer away . enjoyable stay and one to repeat if business ever brings me back to stuttgart .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hallo ! ein verl\u00e4ngertes wochenende in stuttgart zur jazz-open und \u00fcbernachtet wurde im park inn . das hotel war ganz ok. unser zimmer war sauber und obwohl zur stra\u00dfe hin , durch die gut isolierten fenster , recht ruhig . die klimaanlage lief gleichm\u00e4\u00dfig und leise . mit offenem fenster schlafen , ging wegen dem verkehrsl\u00e4rm nat\u00fcrlich nicht . das zimmer war modern und zweckm\u00e4\u00dfig . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck war ( aus meiner sicht , unversch\u00e4mt ) teuer . knapp 18\u20ac pro person , f\u00fcr ein mittelm\u00e4\u00dfiges buffet . man musste nur \u00fcber die stra\u00dfe , auf den marienplatz gehen und kann g\u00fcnstiger und besser essen . das personal wollte nett und witzig sein ... na ja . aus meiner sicht , w\u00e4re da ein wenig schulung angebracht . preislich war es auch ok. \u00fcber ein online-portal gebucht , lag die nacht im schnitt bei 80\u20ac f\u00fcr das doppelzimmer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wir waren gesch\u00e4ftlich hier . nach der ersten nacht durften wir das zimmer weckseln , weil wir nicht die zwei bestellten einzelnen betten hatten . daf\u00fcr gabs im neuen zimmer keinen schrank . dies wird aber jetzt laut angestellten ge\u00e4ndert . auch fehlt der k\u00fchlschrank auf dem zimmer . die sauna ist winzig und fiel lleider immer wieder aus . auch reichte sie nicht , weil wir zuviel andrang hatten . der fitnessbereich besteht aus 2 steppern , 3 laufb\u00e4ndern und 3 fahrr\u00e4dern ( 2 unterschiedliche arten ) und hanteln . es fehlte leider jegliche matte . auch ansonsten hatten wir leider probleme , auf die jedoch eingegangen wurde und es wurde sich entsprechend entschuldigt , deshalb ziehe ich hier auch keinen weiteren punkt ab . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck finde ich auch f\u00fcr den normalpreis nicht angemessen , denn die wurst war , wie bereits von anderen bewertern erw\u00e4hnt abpackware.daf\u00fcr war das personal , besonders die dame die eingearbeitet wurde , sehr freundlich.auch das weitere personal war im gro\u00dfteil sehr freundlich und zuvorkommend . wir w\u00fcrde uns f\u00fcr diesen zweck nochmal f\u00fcr diese hotel entscheiden .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unusually colorful with some nice panoramic views we had read about the colorful design scheme of this chain hotel but were still surprised - all areas of the hotel are very colorful and cheerful . reception staff were friendly and helpful by check-in and check-out . our room on the 7th floor had a great view of the television tower and of an attractive apartment complex and green area directly in front and below . our room was spacious and practical with a great place to hang up jackets and deposit bags . the typical breakfast buffet was all too typical but at least there was some fresh fruit and the cappuccino by the cup and the hot chocolate were better than we expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das park-inn ist ein modernes und offenbar frisch renoviertes businesshotel . die zentrale lage erlaubt es einem fu\u00dfl\u00e4ufig restaurants und caf\u00e9s zu erreichen . die rate f\u00fcr die nacht war vollkommen ok ( 179 , ) und stimmte absolut mit dem angebot leistung \u00fcberein . freundlich er und vor allem kompetenter service und damit absolut auf radisson-standard . der fitnessraum ist top gepflegt und sehr modern . m\u00f6glichkeit mit panoramablick das ergometer zu ben\u00fctzen . schick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ziemlich neues hotel mit meines erachtens gutem preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis . helle und moderne zimmer , bei denen die ausstattung aufgrund des jungen alters des hauses noch keine f\u00fcr mich wahrnehmbaren , abnutzungsbedingten macken gezeigt hat . die zimmer zum innenhof sind sehr ruhig , so dass man dort auch mit offenem fenster sehr entspannt schlafen kann . ob das auch bei den zur strasse gelegenen zimmern der fall ist , m\u00f6chte ich fast bezweifeln . die betten haben gute matratzen . die standardm\u00e4\u00dfig vorhandenen kopfkissen mit schaumstofff\u00fcllung finde ich allerdings furchtbar . der fitnessbereich ist mit laufb\u00e4ndern & co ausgestattet . das ersetzt keine muckenbude , ist m.e . aber auf gesch\u00e4ftsreise vollkommen ausreichend . alles in allem meines erachtens keine schlechte hotelwahl und somit in jedem fall vier punkte wert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "im zuge eines seminares verbrachte ich eine woche in dem hotel.nach dem einchecken erhielt ich eine magnetkarte zur benutzung des fahrstuhles sowie zum \u00f6ffnen der zimmert\u00fcr . die funktion dieser karte wurde mir nicht ausreichend erkl\u00e4rt.sp\u00e4ter merkte ich , dass die benutzung des fahrstuhles mit der karte nicht m\u00f6glich war , da diese nicht freigeschaltet worden war . das zimmer war ok , allerdings fehlte ein kleines schr\u00e4nkchen oder eine andere m\u00f6glichkeit , dinge zu verstauen . ich musste also weitestgehend aus dem koffer leben . obwohl das hotel relativ neu ist , war der bodenbelag in dem seminarrraum stark in mitleidenschaft gezogen . zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ist anzumerken , dass die s\u00e4fte offenbar verd\u00fcnnt , das r\u00fchrei matschig sowie der kaffee sehr d\u00fcnn waren . frisches geschnittenes obst war mangelware . das ambiente der hotelbar ist als sehr k\u00fchl zu bezeichnen und l\u00e4dt nicht zum verweilen ein .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stuttgart hat seit anfang november ein neues hotel , wir waren wohl die ersten g\u00e4ste , die dieses zimmer gesehen hat . die zimmer sind modern , praktisch , hell und freundlich eingerichtet . die ausstattung beinhaltet u.a . auch f\u00f6n , safe und flachbildfernseher . im badezimmer wurde die sch\u00f6ne raindance duscharmatur von hansgrohe verwendet . unter dem hotel ist ein \u00f6ffentliches parkhaus , im 2.ug sind parkpl\u00e4tze mit direktem zugang zum hotel . man kann dort zum sonderpreis von 10eur ( anstatt 13eur ) f\u00fcr 24 stunden parken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "standardhotel mit ordentlichen zimmern und einem guten speisenangebot im restaurant . das wiederum ist so lieblos gestaltet , dass man sich in einer wartehalle nicht unwohler f\u00fchlen wrde . schade . das personal ist bem\u00fcht , entspreicht ber nicht den erwartungenan ein solches hotel . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck war sehr gut . meine bestellung kaffee und etwas hei\u00dfe milch dazu bitte wurde mit der nachfrage zum fettanteil in der milch ( 1,5 oder 3,5 % ) sehr zu meiner freude - entgegengenommen . klasse . die zentrale lage in der innenstadt ist gut . der stra\u00dfenl\u00e4rm ist leider mit inbegriffen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just stayed there earlier this week . well i am impressed with the cleanliness , nice art in the rooms and location . breakfast was good enough and had some variety to start a good day . patking is possible off street but hotel offers 13 eu per day . pick your choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zimmer und bad war sauber , parkplatz und fr\u00fchst\u00fcck zu teuer . insgesamt hat alles recht lieblos , eher funtkional . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck am morgen gestaltete sich sehr anstrengend - es waren zu viele menschen in dem kleinen raum . service gah es keinen , man konnte sich keine anderen getr\u00e4nke bestellen . qualit\u00e4t von wurst & k\u00e4se m\u00e4\u00dfig ( abpackware ) . vieles ging aus und wurde nicht sehr z\u00fcgig nachgef\u00fcllt . daf\u00fcr f\u00fcr 18\u20ac zu verlangen empfanden wir als sehr \u00fcberteuert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ein hotel welches leider nicht \u00fcberzeugt hat . zimmer ok. fr\u00fchst\u00fcck f\u00fcr 16 eur ist leider nicht so gut . die lage ist auch nicht gut , da man bis zur stadtmitte doch lange braucht . keine minibar !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very clean rooms . nice music when you enter both the lobby and room . staff is friendly and helpful . however , for business travel i found it funny that there were no power outlets in the lobby or restaurant for guests to use . internet is free in the hotel . a deal for breakfast is offered at check-in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ein bi\u00dfchen seelenlos , aber echt gepflegt und ruhig . sehr sauber . alles neu . man sollte hier in sachen gem\u00fctlichkeit , pers\u00f6nl . service , essen und trinken nicht zuviel erwarten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die zimmer des hotels sind recht freundlich gehalten . der empfangsbereich ist allerdings sehr unpers\u00f6nlich , k\u00fchl das personal sehr reserviert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lovely 60 year old breakfast lunch tea house . i enjoyed the lunch special , an oversized tuna sandwich , pickle spear , potato chips , watermelon , grapes , orange slice , and a cup of scratch chicken soup and a coke $ 11 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend and i ate there a few months ago . even tho ' we arrived near closing time we were not rushed . great food , wonderful setting , attentive and friendly staff . hoping to go back today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like a home cooked meal and antiques , then this place is for you , i really enjoy the people and the owners cee cee and her husband are one in a million thank you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more than anything i was hoping to eat at cee cees this morning , however , it was closed , even though their hours stated they would be open . my friend and i even went through all the shops in catlin court and returned again afterwards to find cee cee 's still closed . i was very disappointed ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lovely , charming restaurant in downtown glendale . the owners are always there , and are very inviting . in additon to the scrumptious food , the antique finds are quite nice too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a charming , quaint lunch establishment with a hometown feeling of having lunch in your grandmothers house . aside from the rude and noisy table of ten next to us , the food was good , the waitress attentive . then again , that made it even mire of a feeling of being with family . i guess we were at the `` kids table '' !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the server was very inattentive . it seemed like it was a bother to serve me . the reuben was soggy . i guess the cook did n't think to drain the sauerkraut . the french fries were just like the ones you find in your grocery 's frozen food section . the catsup squeeze bottle was so filthy that i refused to use it . there is no reason to go to this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i had a grandmother , i would want her house to be just like this . warm company great home made food and sooooo relaxing . i have loved this place since the first time 6 years ago when i happened in for lunch . over the years it has been a lovely place to go with people i love and who love me.the owners are like the family i never had but always wished for . it is sad that they will be closing up at the end of july 2013 . i have been packing as many people as i know into lunches here so they can enjoy this magical place before it closes . god , bless you cee cee you created a beautiful escape from this crazy world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wooden booths are so cool . must be originals from 1944 when this place opened . love the old neon lights in the windows ! cool spaghetti house ! lsh sells the seasoning for salad dressing and i would think they sell alot of it . it is so good with some very nice spices that made an average salad very good . salad was just head lettuce with some tomato slices and onion slices but the dressing made it . the lasagna is good and the red sauce is very tasty and was not oily ( per another review ) . there was homemade coconut cream and chocolate cream pies but there was no room ! next time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first trip to pittsburgh , i stayed in coraopolis and wanted some spaghetti and the gps pulled this place up but they were closed that day , but a cute little place . a month or so later my wife and i saw them on food network 's : diners , drive-ins , and dives . i was compelled to stop in next time . i was greeted by the cutest old lady who sat and talked with me while i ate some awesome homemade raviolis . she told me about growing up in the neighborhood , her medical woos , and showed me all the sign in books from thousands of people . all with wonderful things to say . but to the food , i ca n't help but order the ravioli everytime i come in these days because it 's so good . sauce is quite good , and is tasty on the bread . stop in on your next visit , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were excited to visit this place after seeing an episode on diners , drivers , and dives . unfortunately , they were out of the homemade ravioli but i had the lasagna . the lasagna 's noodles were not overcooked and tender . the sauce was ok . personally , i like more spices in the sauce but i guess this is typical yinzer sauce . the meatball did n't have that much flavor as well . the pasta fagioli was ok. my husband said this place reminded him of his grandma 's cooking but his sauce and pasta fagioli is better . the waitstaff was very nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has been around for decades . and coraopolis is full of italians from the homeland . however , i do n't know any of them that eat here regularly . after the place was featured in diners , dives & drive ins , i figured what the heck , i 'll give it a try . i wo n't make that same mistake again . the sauce was oily ( as was shown in the episode ) and bland and noodles were tasteless . home made ? maybe . but not the way i do it . it was n't the worst italian i 've ever had , buy definitely not up to pittsburgh italian standards . how anyone could rate this 4 or 5 stars is beyond me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here was very good and tasty . the noodles were fantastic . as was the red sauce ( they use the same for all dishes , so despite the lack of variety it still is very good ) , the alfredo sauce , and italian dressing . i also had a cup of the pasta fagioli , which was really good , but there was so many noodles stuffed into the cup , there was n't much room for the broth . we were there later in the day , and the owner was n't present . it would have been nice to meet her . the restaurant is very casual . the soda comes in cans and the dish ware is plastic . so do n't go expecting anything high class .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little joint ! ... . the salad dressing here is honestly amazing and worth the trip in itself ... . if you 're looking for the new hip place thats going to give you fancy plates and fancy layouts then this is not your place , but if you want solid good italian food than this is a nice place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed ! i saw mixed reviews of if they were open or closed . i called interested in the lasagna . the person who answered said yes they were still open unlike what people had posted here on yelp but now i know why . i live in the area and walked down with my sister . upon arriving we noticed a cash only sign ... ... okay fine lights on ... signs said they should be open till 8:30 so we walked around the block to get cash . we come back and all the lights are off . open sign now off and closed ! i mean seriously ... ... it 's not even 6:30 . the person who answered said they were open till 7 ... signs said till 8:30 . i am very disappointed . i would n't waste my time again . left a bad taste in my mouth that is not lasagna .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have been coming here since year one ! i especially like their broasted chicken alog with their spaghetti and meatballs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best word to describe this little gem : home . the food , the service , the price , even the setting of the food court , all remind me of good old mainland china , in more than a good way . the quantity of food for the price is insane . i usually spend about 8 $ and never leave there hungry , even though i came starving . i usually always take the fondue , but i 've also tried some other dishes like the big plate chicken , which was very flavourful as i like it . the fondue is fantastic . all the ingredients are between 0.8 $ to 1.2 $ each , expect some kinds of fish . the flavours are just right and you can adjust the spiciness and numbness as you like . goes very well with the soy milk that they also have . be prepared to pay a deposit for the bowl . bring cash if you can ! no credit cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the place . i have been there for millions of time . it is very convenient to the students around . they offer express fondue which is a mix of veggie and noodles boiled in a savory soup . they also offer all kinds of noodle dishes such as sweet potato starch noodle , rice noodle and regular noodle with beef , pork and lamb . the number of choices is huge . the hot pot dish is also a good one , a little similar to the express fondue but with more signature combination and comes with rice . i recommend lamb rice noodle if you like lamb .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "four stars for the rice noodle , taste alright and large portions , two or three stars for the fondue because it 's nearly flavorless and the ingredients are not fresh at all", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this hidden place at green house is great . they have variety of dishes and they give a lot . almost it 's not expensive at all . for 15 $ you can refill your belly to max . it 's a kind of chinese fast food , but you wo n't regret to visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "difficile de pouvoir manger autant pour aussi peu cher ! avec un sacr\u00e9 choix ! pour 8.65 $ taxes incluses , votre ventre sera bien cal\u00e9s avec de la bouffe plus sant\u00e9 que votre sandwich habituel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic coffee , friendly staff and an unpretentious vibe . i 've been here on two occasions right as they were closing and , rather than turn me away , the barista served me even though she could n't accept any money since the register was closed . their coffee of the day is always fresh and the americano 's are top-notch . my wife loves the mocha and the white chocolate mocha . as someone else stated , the hours are kind of limited and the parking lot can be a pain , but the coffee and service are worth the minor hassles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice setup , friendly staff , great tasting coffee but do n't expect any latte art up in here . its basically mathews mint hill 's very own local starbuck 's alternative..nada mas . i do like the touch of cinnamon they offer to espresso drinkers . good stuff keep it up , learn how to make silky foam and you 'll be top of the line .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hot chocolate tasted watery and the food was horrible . also , i did n't like being charged a quarter for ice water on principle . starbucks does n't even do that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do you like medium-roast espresso and friendly baristas ? remember the days before coffeehouses were filled with lowd teenagers too young to hang out at the clubs ? this dilworth coffee is it ! the baristas are always super friendly . the place has a laid-back mint hill vibe , unlike the other dilworth coffees i 've visited ( still good , though ) . they are normally very quite and they operate on limited hours in comparision to other dilworth coffees . they allow groups to meet , so this might be a good place for your quilting club , bible study , etc . also , they showcase different desserts : cakes , brownies , frozen yogurt . you never know what you will find when you go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here on a whim . excellent coffee ; the house blend is quite flavorful . the baked goods are also good . prices are comparable to a starbucks or caribou with the atmosphere of an independent establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just happened to drive past this place and see the brightly colored umbrellas on their patio , so i decided to pull in and give it a try . finally a coffee shop that has a nice patio and ample outdoor seating , plus umbrellas so i can actually sit outside and do some work on my laptop . the indoor space is just as wonderful- spacious and plenty of comfortable seating , and a nice environment to hang out with a friend or sit by yourself and do some work . my only complaint would be the radio station they had on . i do n't want to listen to gwen stefani 's `` holler back girl '' when i 'm at a coffee shop . i got an iced spiced chai tea latte and it was delicious . the staff was genuinely friendly , welcoming , and not pretentious at all . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slightly more space to spread out than the original location on east blvd in dilworth . not really in a stellar location , but easy on off from 51 . despite this being a coffee house , do n't be fooled ... i 'm not here for the coffee . dilworth coffee serves up the best chai tea latte i 've had . their pastry selection looked a little drab , and i 'd like to see an expanded & healthy food selection . but i 'll definitely be back for my chai caffeine fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since we moved to mint hill , dilworth coffee has become my go-to caffeination spot by default : there 's nothing else within the radius of a 5-to-10-minute drive , unless you count dunkin donuts . fortunately , this location is up to snuff . the coffee is good , and the staff is always friendly . the decor is is cozy and suits the family-oriented area without crossing the line into granny's-living-room territory . there 's enough tables that you do n't feel guilty about parking it with your laptop , as well as some couches and overstuffed chairs in case you just want to read or chat . the only criticism i will make is that they close at 7 . i suppose that is just a fact of life in mint hill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! they can customize beverages in ways the the chain coffee shops can not ( i like to reduce the amount of expresso ) . great place to work during the week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy hot chocolate , probably the best from any coffeehouse around . seems cozy and warm and the people are nice . it 's refreshing compared to the rushed and crammed atmosphere of starbucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was rude . the coffee tasted like water . it was way over-priced . would never recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great coffee and pastries . they have a good short menu and the staff are always pleasant . free wifi . update . this is now nova bakery , and the service is good but the muffins are not .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a hit when i come to charlotte . i feed the whole family mine and my sister 's family for $ 30 . the food is so good and the biscuits are awesome . nice hole in the wall for a good breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has fastly become one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte . it is a typical `` hole in the wall '' that i passed on a regular basis before trying . boy was i happy i did . i dont think there is a bad dish on the menu ... my staples are the french toast and the salmon patties ... both are just like grandma used to make . if you are in charlotte and you havent tried chucks , you are losing at life . ambience - 3 5 , old school grungy diner service - 5 5 , the staff are super friendly and always smiling food - 5 5 , superb , excellent price - $ , who knew that food this good could be do affordable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and great prices . not a luxe atmosphere but who cares ? ! best `` hole in the wall '' in the northlake area for brunch after church sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks fellow yelpers , as it would have been highly unlikely that i would have stepped into this establishment w o reading a few reviews first . the outside appearance definitely fits the `` hole in the wall '' but it was really very good ! for under $ 20 , a great breakfast : two orders of steak and eggs for the husband & i . friendly and fast service . i would come here before cracker barrel or waffle house any day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , i ate my food before i could take a picture ! ! i had the 2 pancakes , 2 eggs , liver mush and sweet tea for $ 5.50 . husband had 2 salmon cakes , grits , eggs and a biscuit . $ 5.50 . total for both meals $ 12 and change . this is diner food prepared diner style with an open kitchen . the decor is old diner , but i did n't go for the ambiance , i came for the food ! the food was delicious . the pancakes were flavorful , the eggs over medium were perfect as well as the liver mush . my husband 's breakfast was also delicious . i would definitely come back . the service is excellent . the ladies out front were efficient and friendly . dirty tables are bussed immediately . if you are n't too picky about the decor , you 'll love this gem , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped and had lunch at chucks today , and they are very friendly and good ole meat and 2 with tea and free cup of soup . they also open at 5:30 am so if you are on your way to work say at 6:30 you can swing by and grab a breakfast samich !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warning ... .this is a hole in the wall kinda place . it makes nothin ' fancy look pretty fancy . but , its a great place for a traditional breakfast . great people watching of patrons who stopped in for breakfast on their way to the job site . the small staff is friendly , and the food is made to order . two eggs , a meat , hashbrowns , toast , and coffee ... ..all for about five bucks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chuck 's grill is a `` diamond in the rough . '' they are open for breakfast and lunch and have a loyal following of customers . breakfast and lunch are very reasonably priced and the wait staff is very friendly . more often than not , they address their customers by name . do n't let the building fool you , you will not be disappointed . good value and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't let the appearance on the outside fool you . this place is a popular spot known for that greasy spoon concept but fantastic breakfast food . food is plentiful and extremely cheap the man behind the grill knows what he 's doing you can tell he 's a veteran . they also know how to cook liver mush perfect . breakfast specials will leave you full and sleepy definitely a place to go when sobering up from a hangover or late night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is located at 8000 old statesville in charlotte , just south of harris blvd . the location it shows on yelp is too far north so the directions are wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . looks sketchy but i promise you it 's good . the seating is in weird shaped booths and have been there since they opened but the food is great . the cook is awesome he is an older greek guy who is friendly and remembers everyone 's face ! the servers are friendly and helpful . if you are looking for good hole in the wall breakfast place try this at least once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disappointing for me . i might return for lunch one day but i would not visit for breakfast again . the place is in descript . i get that and that does n't bother me . it is a small place with crowded seating , a coffee area that could use a good cleaning and just not the cleanest looking place . i ordered an omelet with hash browns . and it was just okay . hash browns are frozen variety . my omelet came with cheese and instead of putting it on the inside of the cheese , all they did is put the sliced processed cheese on the bottom of my container and then put the omelet on top of it and let the heat melt the cheese . this is definitely not the business . my omelet was overcooked , lots of brown on it and it did have plenty of filling but i rather just drive a mile or so away and go to favorite spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "walked in and right back out . the room was very greasy ... did not want to smell like what they were grilling when i left . also not a vegetarian friendly place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is definitely one of charlottes hidden gems . it 's located off of harris blvd on old statesville road . next door to family dollar . this is a small family run business with 5-6 booths that seat 3-4 and a few tables . the menu has a nice variety of traditional american breakfast and lunch , think roadside diner . the turkey sausage is tasty and i also tried shredded hash browns which i asked to be well done and they had just right crisp on them not almost burnt like some places . the kitchen is just opposite the seating and the cook greets you as you walk in . the lady who serves as waitress is polite and works quickly , the food does n't come out super fast as everything is made to order . the inside is very bare bones so do n't expect cuteness but they will have all you need . prices are very reasonable . get here early , they close by 1 pm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pro : really good home cooked food & good price con : waited over 30 mins to eat with only one cook ( go figure ) , waitress was a little rude ( brown hair chick ) when i told her i wanted all of my order , for some reason they brought our plates out like 1 at a time , it 's a true hole in the wall which is perfectly fine with me but when it 's packed its not good for manuevuring through -- -constantly getting bumped in your chair by waitresses and customers & with some seats being so loose and old it feels like you 're gon na go airborne or the whole thing is gon na fall apart . suggestion : call your order in do n't go here if you 're looking for anything remotely close to mid to upscale . do n't be thrown off by exterior . even with the food being good , it 's not worth the ridiculous wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its your basic diner grill . with no other non-chain options in the local area , it is the best around . breakfast is fast , good , and cheap . lunch is more southern style maybe even considered soul food . its a little shack kinda near the hood , but it serves its purpose . everything is a little greasy , but what else would you expect . its rarely packed , but it seems like theres always somebody there . they close after lunch , time seems to varies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't beat chuck 's for price and quality . it 's not the nicest place as far as looks go , but it 's a great spot for breakfast and lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visit and expected a whole in the wall atmosphere . i got the salmon patties with hash browns and eggs . the food was great for the price but i waited at least 40mins for my food . it is one chef so next time will call in advance . customer service was fair but the unexpected long wait overshadowed everything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the building and decor are n't much to look at but the food and the service are worth the visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great breakfast and lunch ! best burger in town ! ! if you are craving an awesome dive diner then head here ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chucks plate lunches are the best . stop in almost every time i 'm in that area of charlotte . great lunch joint for construction workers and blue collar types . the food is spectacular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went one morning for breakfast and it was actually good ! ! french toast is very good ! ! do n't let the curb appearance run you off ! ! it 's a great hole in the wall restaurant ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap and fantastic . perfect hole in the wall spot . service was great . they did n't serve their full menu on saturday but they had breakfast and burgers sandwhiches which is plenty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had the double cheeseburger twice now and it is absolutely delicious ! for under $ 7 you get burger fries and a drink . chuck 's is the classic hole in the wall hidden gem that exceeds expectations . friendly service as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great deal for the amount of food . i did n't give it a higher score because although it is cheap , they do n't crank the food out quickly enough . i thought the biscuits and gravy were alright , but not something i would order again . i really want to pull for this place but i ca n't until i sample more of the menu . there is only so much praise i can give for bacon , sausage , and eggs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best little breakfast place i 've been in a while . superior customer service , the owner treats you like your family . he even remembered my son 's name even though this was only our second visit . excellent food and fantastic staff . not to bad on the wallet either !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for an real old fashioned `` country '' breakfast and that 's what we got ! i ordered the country ham and eggs breakfast and a liver mush biscuit ! first their biscuits are homemade and they are great ! the liver mush needs a more appetizing name for the weak hearted but it was very tasty . it tasted more like liver than liver pudding ... yummy ! the country ham was perfect and salty , just as it should be . the only complaint is that the food took over 30 minutes ! it 's a small place and it was full but not bursting at the seams . should n't have taken that long but we were pleased !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! it 's a `` hole in the wall '' , but it most definitely delivers with food . family owned business , everyone is always so sweet . we 've come for breakfast a few time & never disappointed . pancakes , biscuits , hash browns are all amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled upon this place on a sunday and everything was absolutely fabulous . small hole in the wall restaurant . family owned . service was awesome and wait staff was very friendly and helpful . the cook , which i believe was the owner was absolutely on point . one of the best breakfasts i 've had in a while . will definitely be coming back and recommend you stop on in as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say i enjoyed my fish and grits today at this lil hole in the wall , customer service was also great the waitresses were on top of their game ! ! ! ! i 'll be back for me : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service gets worse and worse each time i visit . i try to overlook the rudeness of the blonde but enough is enough . service is always extremely slow whether i call in or place a to go order . this morning i placed my to go order at 9:32 . it is 9:58 and i am just getting in my car . i inquired twice and was told it was coming up . i realize that most items are cooked to order but i just ca n't pretend that i 'm not bothered when people who enter and order after me get their orders before me . i 'm sure this will be my last trip ! i 'm sure i can get a greek omelette , home fries , and bacon elsewhere . at least that 's how chuck 's make me feel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "does n't look like much as is often the case with the good places . nice crisp bacon , fresh well cooked eggs , good pancakes super friendly staff . i 'll definitely come back here if i 'm back in shop charlotte north carolina . never did find out what livermush is though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to grab some homestyle breakfast . a great local diner . they 're open from 5am to 2p on weekdays and 12 on saturdays . the prices are great ! definitely stop by if you have time ! great service and even better people . they have specials everyday . i will def come back for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "real , old school , hole-in-the-wall kinda place . small ( estimate capacity at 60 ) but food ( french toast special here ) was down-home good . i highly recommend for cozy , comfortable , casual meet . very good service & $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chucks is a great hole in the wall diner . all the regular favorites good portions served fresh and hot . good burgers and lunch fare as well . everything is cooked to order and you can see the kitchen from the counter . one of my favorite breakfast spots in town", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely awesome ! the food is home cooked- way better than you would get at a generic waffle house or chain restaurant . i would 100 % recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lets face it , it 's not hard to cook a good breakfast . given the multitude of restaurants that can fry an egg other criteria come to the forefront when rating breakfast spots . price , portion size , wait staff and good coffee come to mind . while i commend chuck 's for having livermush on the menu i find the rest lacking . price is a little higher than many others given the portion size . one slice of livermush ? the waitress gave the impression she really did n't want to be there and when i ordered coffee she looked at the pot and said they were out . it was 10:30 and they serve breakfast until 11:00 . hello ? is it too much trouble to brew a pot of coffee for a paying customer ? the biscuit was quite unusual having the texture and appearance of a rollscuit . all in all breakfast was palatable but the experience was not pleasant . too bad , i really like patronizing little `` hole in the wall '' places but probably not this one again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here based on yelp reviews and this has quickly become a family favorite . this is a old mom and pop type of place that has not had the decor updated probably ever . but the food is fantastic and the prices are amazing . and , if you are a regular with a regular , they ask you if you will have your regular . the french toast is really good and their home fries are something to write home about . i love this place and it has become my regular sunday haunt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . very small and unassuming but the food is delicious . a friend and i got the french toast platters which is a lot of food for less than $ 7 . i would have never noticed let alone visited this type of place without all the reviews from other yelpers . i will definitely be back for a quick , cheap & delicious breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first i was skeptical of chuck 's , but then i tired the food and then i realized why chuck 's came so highly recommended by my friends . it was just like my mom 's food . i suggest the french toast breakfast . this may be a hole in the wall , but you will not be disappointed ! chuck knows what he is doing . also the waitresses are very nice and creepily good at remembering faces .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having been to many hindu temples in my life , this one is on point . it 's not the largest , but it 's well-maintained . the priest is attentive ( this can be an issue at other temples ) , and is very friendly ( this can also be an issue ) . the temple committee has solid calendar with various community programs , so if you are not from the area and visiting , you will definitely make friends amongst the hindu community . this temple is open to people of all faiths ( sikh , jewish , mormon , catholic , etc . ) , so feel free to bring your friends and give them a little background on where you come from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am hindu brahmin . i was raised hindu . i was born in chicago il , and received my upanayana from sri venkateshwara ( balaji ) temple in aurora il . my wife is roman catholic ( vietnamese ) while the temple in arizona is small , it is nice and well kept . i have gone many times to this temple in scottsdale , and have found it to be small , but good . my wife accompanies me every time , and she has never expressed any concern of being intimidated when she comes . people of all faiths are welcome , though we do ask for modesty , tolerance , dignity , and respect . this is much the same as one would do going to prayer in a synagogue , mosque , or church . these are the tenets of any religion or belief system . if the outsider does not understand , please ask , and we are more then ready to explain . fyi : i accompany my wife when she goes to mass at the local catholic church . i have never felt intimidated while inside the church .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their arborist team is the most knowledgeable and capable in the valley : ) everybody has tons of experience and knows everything about all the plants . took down a dangerous 60 foot tree right by the home . shaped up amazingly , a few trees that have been mutilated by other services . the trees are ready for the monsoon now . ask for the certified arborist jake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the trees trimmed via two visits . first did a walk-around and quote with a nice guy from arbor care who explained what trees i had and what needed to be done . also gave me some good pointers about when i could trim my fruit trees and palms . he got a quote together and about a week later a team came out and got all the trimming done in about 3 hours on my 6 different trees . price was n't cheap but was not horrible for the amount of work they did . i 'll probably have them come back out in a few months to do some trimming on my palm trees . my yard now looks completely different from when we moved in , with probably 60 % of our main tree 's branches ( mostly dead ones ) stripped away . thanks arbor care !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great is a understatement . they were without a doubt the best , most on time . and courteous workers . not to mention hard working guys . why do i say that ! arbor care gave me the best price of the three companies i called . they were on time , did a great job and the clean up was as if there was never a tree there they did such a great job on my home . i just had them cut two 60 year old 100 ft trees on a rental property we own . bottom line , if you need a tree service do not even consider any other company you wont be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very prompt ! i called , they sent someone out to give me the estimate , and a couple days after , my job is done ! the guys did a wonderful job and were quite polite ! i 'm very pleased with this company and i know you will be too ... i would highly recommend them to you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy to have found these guys , thank you yelpers ! ! ! we moved to tempe recently , and according to our neighbors the trees had not been tended in years , and they sure were a mess . full of bird nests , bugs , scorpions , and raining berries ( not to mention , bird doots ) into our pool constantly . these guy managed to not only clean them up within a half hour , but they also cleaned and raked the yard , skimmed the pool , ground up all the refuse and hauled it away . it was awesome . i will say , the scheduling process was a bit frustrating , but i 'll give them the benefit of the doubt because i contacted them very close to the holidays . i 'll definitely use them again and would recommend them highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend arbor care . they show up on time , they do with they say they 're going to do , very clean , and at a great price.thank you abba care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arbor care did exactly what they said they would do ( trim two olive trees ) and cleaned up everything so well it was as if they had never done it ! i was impressed with burt 's knowledge about trees and knew my trees were in good hands . the price was very reasonable and i will not only use them in the future but i will be happy to recommend arbor care to anyone in need of a professional arborist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was great from the start ! i received an immediate response to my inquiry , a great quote , and had an appointment within a week . the service and work was outstanding ! i will definitely be using them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job from arbor care tree service . and their clean up left me with nothing to do.even though my aleppo pine was turning up my driveway and neighbors fence , after 47 years , it feels like my 2 front teeth are missing . arbor care can also give very good advice on replacement species .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience overall . quote was easy and competitive and the crew was on time , fast and did a great job cleaning up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired arborcare to trim and thin out a huge mesquite tree based on all the positive feedback below and they did not disappoint . howard is definitely phenomenal . pricing is competitive . i ditto all the great comments below . this is definitely a five star company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . just had an amazing experience with arbor care tree service ( 480 ) 797-5566 . a+++ . we needed a professional tree service team to remove three palo verde trees . the trees were very tall , very thick-trunked , and two were set in a difficult position between houses . the estimator , burt , was a great first impression . he was prompt , knew his stuff , and was quick to respond to follow-up questions . the removal date was set , and a large team showed up to remove the trees . again prompt . the crew was experienced , amazingly efficient , and finished quickly . the property was cleaned to perfection and they even used the existing rock ground cover to hide the voids . again , super experience . best of all their prices were reasonable and they offered to match other competitive bids . a+++ . ca n't say enough to recommend . impressive on all fronts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after many attempts and quotes with various companies to get some tough palm trees removed ... jerry and arbor care came to the rescue . his crew was very punctual and got the job done fast . great communication and delivered what was provided . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would recommend this company.very knowledgeable and great service . i 'm looking forward to having them back for more work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired arbor care to come out to my house in carefree to evaluate a large mesquite tree that seemed to be having some health issues . they sent out a certified arborist who was very knowledgeable and quickly put my mind at ease , explaining that the leafless branches i was concerned about were normal for a tree that had never been pruned . he said that they could cut away the dead branches and remove the mistletoe , but that my tree was very healthy and would do fine with no special care or watering at all . i would definitely hire arbor care again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg - these guys are super men ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i just wanted to let everyone know , this is the best or the best , when you need tree work , i wish i could find this kind of service every where , i wish ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted arbor care for my tree trimming needs . i first met with a certified arborist named burt . he explained what my trees would need . he also explained the process and future maintenance . he was very knowledgeable and passionate about trees . you can tell he was n't trying to sell me things i did n't need . he is an expert in this field . the office was professional and organized . i appreciated the honesty and integrity this company provided . i spoke with another company who really did n't give me the time or effort like this company did . do n't waste time with anyone else just go with this company who value their clients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of our 30 foot saguaros fell over onto the house . they did a marvelous and safe job of removing it and hauling it away . they cleaned up the debris and washed up the house . you can barely tell that it had been there . so glad i called them - saguaros weigh 100 pounds per foot , and i ca n't imagine us doing this removal ourselves . i 'm giving 4 stars only because they came before we had actually scheduled the work - the scheduler had not been available at the time . they had a crew in the neighborhood the day after i had called , but had not scheduled a date for the removal . the work they did was a full 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a review for tall people . kohl 's sells many things , including a plethora of ( overpriced imho , but that 's what you get when it has rachael ray 's face on it ) food network-themed kitchenware . they have good sales , the store is generally kept clean , and the lines usually move quickly . none of the above is the reason for my five-star review , however . i rate kohl 's so highly because they carry the highly-coveted `` t '' sizes . no other store in matthews does , so kohl 's saves me trips to jcpenney or esquire as long as i do n't need anything extremely specific . i learned long ago that the `` cool '' stores do n't carry clothes for people of my stretchy length . as long as kohl 's does , however , i suppose i shall make do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've found myself becoming quite the regular at kohl 's . in many respects , they are like many of the other comparable department stores . sell a lot of the same lines , and you can expect a lot of the same experiences . what sets them apart , though , are the sales . no one can rival kohl 's sales and clearance specials . off sale , yeah , they can be just as pricy as the next place . but when i can get a $ 170 designer sport coat on sale for $ 45 , and then use a $ 10 off coupon on top of that ... that 's a no-brainer ! nearly every trip , i 've saved double or triple the amount i actually spent . the staff are very professional and helpful , and you feel as though you 've had that mall experience without the credit hangover the next day . as far as i 'm concerned , kohl 's is usually my first stop when i need clothes or a gift .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have everything here , clothes for the entire family , plus sections for workout and maternity . clean , racks are neat . jewelry , homegoods , i love the sales and kohls rewards program .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kohls is the best for so many reasons ! this kohls is especially great . 1 . long hours so you can continue shopping even after the mall closes or head to kohls before the mall opens . 2 . huge clearance racks in every section with a great selection of small sizes in women 's clothing . 3 . great selection of merchandise and so many great things it 's hard to buy everything 4 . sales all the time ! 5 . the best coupons for credit card members 6 . friendly customer service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't typically do much of the shopping in our household , but i have to say that kohl 's is n't a bad choice . the staff there is friendly , and the selection is n't horrible . they also offer some pretty solid coupons just about year-round , so keep your eyes out for them . the bad part is that it can be difficult to find items , especially if you 're looking over their sale clearance racks because there is no order to begin with , and when others start looking through them , it just gets worse - items are moved around , and new clothes get mixed in with the sale items pretty regularly . if you persevere , however , they are definitely worthwhile . it can just take you a bit to get there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kohls is an amazing store to get lost in , if you have time . you can find so much variety for your wardrobe at great prices . the people who work here are friendly and helpful . there clearance is expensive but i feel that maybe more of a marketing scheme to make you feel good about the price . either way i love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "laid out like any other one story kohls ... mens on one side and womens covering almost the rest of the entire store . well maybe a little space for housewares , shoes , and kids . like adam , i like kohls for the tall men 's items but i do n't particularly care for this store 's location . windsor square is just such an odd shopping center . anyway , another thing i did n't like today is being asked for for my email address at the checkout . probably more because of how it was asked . there was no discussion on why they wanted my email address , i just got asked , `` what is your email address ? '' . is privacy of no concern to people these days ? i get enough email spam these days that i do n't need to be on your list . sorry", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shopping at kohl 's is digging through endless racks for that one special piece that you are so excited you got for 70 % off . if that sounds like fun , check kohl 's out . if that sounds like a nightmare , skip it . kohl 's does have some great deals . there is always a sale and they often run kohl 's cash promotions . make sure to check out their website for extra coupons . my biggest complaints are the lack of organization and the often inventory . every time i find something i like , i can never find it in my size .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to agree with an earlier review ... good clothes for tall men ! my husband is 6 foot 4 and has arms to match . it is hard finding things that fit without looking like he 's out grown them . but kohls carries an abundance of long arms and legs ! happy we discovered this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum ! fruit land is in a big island near the food court in the south outlets . they sell dried fruit products and nuts . you can sample as much of the dried fruit as you want . my favorite were the tangerine wedges and the natural dried pineapple , but the hibiscus is really interesting . i 'll have to read up on the nutritional value of it . they are $ 7.99 a box , and there 's a check-in offer for buy 5 boxes and get 1 free . the woman told me they have a shelf life of , like , 2 years . i 'll be back every time i 'm in the outlets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a good find ! located inside the premium south outlets on lv blvd . they have a huge variety of dried fruits with different flavors . i love the chili papaya , spicy kick is a must . you can try all the fruits too before making a final decision . try the banana bbq chips , yum ! the lady who helped us was super friendly , excited to help and really knew the products ! check them out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am really glad i was stop by the young man working ! it was awesome it fruit is so delicious and worth the money i spent ! please do yourself a favor and try what they have to offer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while shopping at the las vegas premium south outlets , we stopped by the food court . when leaving , we stopped to look at fruitland which caught our interest . we were greeted by one of the workers and given samples on samples of everything we wanted to try , plus a few recommendations of her own . as my dad said `` by the time we 're done here , we do n't need to go out for lunch ! '' after trying various items , we were sold on the toasted coconut slices and caramelized bbq banana chips . if you have tried potato corner 's bbq powder , this is almost identical . the toasted coconut were sweet and a nice healthier snack alternative . the only downfall .. boxes are pretty pricey at $ 7.99 each .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great if you 're a dry fruit & healthy sweet lover . i love the hibiscus & the toasted coconut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stumbled across this as i was perusing this location of a premium outlet . the ladies whom work at this stand are quite friendly ! samples provided on all they sell . best part is nothing is man handled , tongs are used and they are clean ! i purchased the pecans and coconut- tummy ! the toasted coconut is tasty and a healthy snack ! no additives or preservatives ! ! ! it 's in an outlet mall , making it a planned out event of going and dealing with tourists ( hence the four stars ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazingly delicious . the lady that helped us was so sweet . she let us try everything we wanted . very pleased ! great gifts to bring back home from a vegas trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! so many good fruits and veggies to get . my favorites are def hibiscus , pineapple , pomelo and so much more ! ! ! i would give this place 10 stars if i could . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful place in the center of s food court . lots of free samples , somewhere around 80 kinds of dried fruit , gluten free , spicy , all kinds . if i am ever in vegas again , will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a large , square kiosk in the middle of the mall . the older lady was super nice . i mean really nice . she gave my spouse and i a ton of free samples of every single thing we wanted to try and even things we were n't initially interested in . she was extremely generous with the samples for both of us . truth be told , because she was so nice and generous , we felt we should buy something . the stuff tasted good , but was a bit pricey . though this kind of stuff is normally pricey . we ended up buying a small bag of toasted coconut chips ( $ 7.99 ) , a can of crunchy , dried pineapple bits ( $ 7.99 ) and a 16oz bottle of water ( $ 2 we were thirsty after all those samples ! lol ) . there was a deal that if you buy four , you get one free or buy five for $ 35 or something like that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the creations of fruits and veggies all yummi yummi yummi the customer service is a warm & personal unlike all robots we get on phone now days i will keep ordering from you guys for the rest of my living days", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty cool little kiosk inside the south premium outlet mall they have so many dried fruits to choose from . growing up from the islands these little snacks are my fav . i got the dried papaya . i 'm sorry i forgot your name but thanks for making it easy to choose from the top favs . definitely a nice alternative from unhealthy snack to something healthy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i 've been playing this golf course since before they were actually open as a private country club , and this was the best condition i 've ever seen the course in . kudos to the superintendent and his staff , this place was unbelievable and the best course i 've played this year . they have a beautiful clubhouse with some incredible views of the city , and the houses surrounding this are amazing . inside staff at the bar was great , as were outside services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just a review for their tennis courts . came here recently for a four-day tournament , and i like how close the courts are to the front gate . there 's ample parking and it 's a gorgeously landscaped area . courts themselves are in good condition , and they have lessons ( adults or kids ) and leagues available . there are 6 courts , with lighting for late games , and benches on the court for players and spectators . there 's also a raised walk way with tables and chairs for additional seating , which is appreciated but unfortunately poorly placed , as the sun will be in your eyes for most games due to the high roof and low seats .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably the most stunning and challenging course i have ever played ( and i am a member at a jack nicklaus designed course in canada ) . i shot off the cobalt tees ( 6400 ish yards ) and thoroughly enjoyed my round . i was a little surprised they did n't have the equivalent of a vegas showgirl driving the drink cart , but that 's a pretty minor caveat in the grand scheme if things . the tee shots were the most difficult , because there are a couple of blind shots and often you are hitting over vast expanses before you even hit fairway . my short game was terrible so i also got to experience plenty of their sand , it was consistently hard , but at least it was consistent so you knew what you were getting into . overall i have to give this course 5 stars because it is the best i have ever played .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went golfing for thanksgiving and it was a wonderful experience . from the moment we got there to the moment it ended . they took us to the drive range and made sure we had balls the whole time we were hitting . then when it was t time they took us to the first hole and made sure we knew what we were doing and send us on our way . it was my first time golfing and i had a lot of fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just got married on saturday 9-24-16 at dragonridge country club . the venue i what we fell in love with initially but nikki and millie were the reasons our wedding turned out the way it did . we had a gorgeous wedding and the day went so smooth ! ! ! nikki is so amazing and stayed calm with me and my bridal party even when it got a little hectic . we even left an important item there and she took the time to make sure it got back to me . thank you so much for helping make this day amazing ! best wedding ever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hubby and i got invites for a friend 's party . the function room where the party was held was spacious for dancing yet intimate enough for dining . food is good . service is superb . view of the strip is magnificent . plus plus plus for the open bar . yay ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice and certainly very challenging . we had some heros who insisted playing from the championship tees . do n't unless you are a strong and accurate hitter off the tee . several holes require a carry of 180 mtrs or more . the 18th requires a carry of 206 mtrs ! it is a challenging course that needs to be played more than once . with wind and cold , it gets quite formidable . it is hard to have a high score unless your handicap is more generous than it ought to be or you take liberties when someone is not looking , say with the foot joy wedge .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "played golf here on a wed as part of a stroke play tournament . i was so excited to play b c i 've heard good things . i ended up enjoying my entire experience here . this course is beautiful and well manicured . from tee to green , this course is close to flawless . the greens are n't that fast , but can sneak up on you at times . as for lay-out , there are some quirky weird holes like # 10 , but all in all it 's a fun lay-out . the desert rocks can be challenging to hit out of and damaging to your clubs if you are inaccurate with shots . as for practice amenities , there is a large grass range and large putting green . not sure if there was a chipping practice area or not . staff is super friendly and attentive . the carts have gps and an ice chest to keep things cool in the hot summer heat . all in all , it is truly a country club experience . i would love to play here again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my opinion this is the best course in las vegas . fantastic , challenging and visually intimidating . always in incredible shape . on top of that the strip views are incredible . if you are lucky enough to play here , take advantage of the opportunity !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best golf course in las vegas , beautiful views , challenging holes , lots of elevation changes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , challenging golf course ! nice clubhouse and an excellent staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely beautiful . quiet , serene ( that 's the same as quiet , is n't it ? ) , and green . hard to believe there 's a large area of grass trees in the heart of henderson , nevada . the country club is pretty , especially the main ball room where you have a beautiful view of the golf course and houses . you can also see the las vegas strip from there during the night which is gorgeous . the architecture is modern , classy and comfortable . i 'm not an expert of country clubs but this one , i rank it up there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do whatever you have to do to get an invite to this fabulous golf course . i live here and occasionally get an invite and if it was n't for the fact there are so many valley courses , i would say this is a place to join if your into country clubs . next time , i will move up a set of tees . hats off to the maintenance staff . hope the members give them the credit they deserve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dragon ridge country club is located in macdonald highlands and is surrounded by some of the most beautiful homes in the valley . it is a private club , but certain hotel guests or booking through a golf package company will get you on . i did n't find the clubhouse very impressive and although the homes are gorgeous , for me they overtake or are too much for the golf course itself . some really gorgeous holes and some bland holes as well . immaculately kept and certainly a fair test of golf has this place on a play list if you have never been . once you have played it i would not put it on the oh i have to play this one again . its one of those really good courses that do n't awe you . people were very nice and it was n't crowded though a dust storm from arizona clogged the air which made the expected views of downtown vegas non existent we still had nice time . greens were fast but not lightning . no complaints just not spectacular enough to earn the 5 star golf course rating for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently held out graduation banquet at the dragonridge country club . kerry , the pretty event organizer , was super helpful . she is also very anal retentive , so she makes sure that all the details are taken care of and covered . exactly what you would want from an event planner . she was also very nice about working with our budget to make it the nicest event possible . she worked with our caterer to make the food arrangements nicer as well . the room was very pretty , and designed in shades of champagne , and warm tans . there were pretty chandeliers , and the two balconies outside had a beautiful view of the sunset and then the strip . it was very pretty and classy . we heard from many people that the banquet this year was much nicer than the previous year 's , and i 'm sure that kerry and dragonridge had a hand in that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great views and a course in great condition . does n't have bermuda grass so is totally green in the winter . greens are fast but not to fast . this is another desert style course but the large landing areas for your drive keep the ball out of the desert . good course , but i personally like courses that have some trees . no trees here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best place for a wedding . nikki was very helpful . she left and beth transition into the roll to help my daughter with the wedding plans for the day and beth was truly amazing . the wind had alter some of my daughter plans , but beth was so professional and came up with solutions for the problems so that my daughter 's vision for the wedding was still executed on that day . the whole entire staff was amazing and very professional . loved it ! ! thank you beth , you are the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not much to say about smog depot . you pull up and show the attendant your vehicle registration . the attendant does what he is required to do and if your vehicle is healthy , you should receive a copy of your passing smog test . luckily the results are automatically sent to the dmv so you can get to paying for your registration and getting your new tags without much delay . my total was $ 19.95 pretty painless and quick . the area of this location is rough . so make sure you go while it is daylight and do n't dilly dally once you are done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a kiosk hut shack . way back in the lot northwest corner near another kiosk hut shack smoke shop . you drive right up and $ 19.95 later you get a piece of paper . simple . but be warned , there are places online i found http : www.jiffysmog.com coupon.htm that offer discounts and it will still be $ 24.99 w coupon . mother nature 's daughter named nevada , thanks you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went today , seriously soooo fast ! no coupon , no apt , no wait time ! friendly & professional . 2 minutes and $ 18.95 later i was done ! highly reccommend : - ) its at rancho cheyenne between mcdonalds , 99cent & a smoke shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow is all i can say . steve has taken so much time with me and helped me through so much with my accident . he has saved me so much , he is a lifesaver . if you want a old school insurance agent who cares more about u then money he is your guy . give him a try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i needed insurance for my photography studio i called on steve miller . even though he personally was not able to help me he was very professional and found me another agent and insurance company to work with . steve is fast , efficient and very reliable ! thanks steve ! -- wayne wallace photography", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve did a great job for us . he works hard to get your needs met and your questions answered . his support staff is also prompt and professional . if you are looking to change update your insurance coverage would reccomend giving steve a chance to quote your needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from out of state and steve was great in helping me get insurance for my vacation home . he took the time to explain everything and worked with agent in my home state to get me the best deal possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve is a great agent . he comes to you when ever you need it . i did n't think i could afford farmers insurance but after he quoted me they were a lot cheaper than anyone else . if you are looking for a new insurance provider give steve a chance he wont let you down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "farmers has a great community service program called m.i.l.k . ( managing information of lost kids ) as a member of a local karate studio that was having a kids safety event , i was very impressed that steve was willing to dedicate part of his saturday to come to the dojo and educate parents about what to do incase their child goes missing . this says to me that steve cares about what is going on in his community , not just about selling insurance . i think its important in this day and age to have an insurance agent who cares about his individual customers needs and is willing to go the extra mile in order to earn their trust and respect . i highly recommend giving steve a call for all your insurance needs . i have already referred him to 1 friend and will be sending more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon this place while walking to pnc park . i got an iced latte , and they only put one large ice cube in the cup . she called it a whiskey icecube , i call it a big ass icecube . she told me it will keep the coffee cold as it melts , and it wo n't add that much water to the coffee . i asked about the ice because my experience at starbucks is that they sometimes fill the cup with ice cubes and you get just a splash of coffee . not here ! ! i finished the latte - which tasted great - by the time i got to the fountain at the point , and there was just a little bit of ice cube left and it never got warm . fantastic experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best new coffee shop in town ! hands down the best coffee i 've ever had . they also infuse their own iced teas ... which are amazing . the spot and location are perfect , not to mention the views ! a must see !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small local coffee shop close to market square on corner of market street and fort pitt . has plenty of snack options and baked goods ( pretzel shop pretzels too ! ! ! ) house made infused ice teas that are in cool glass jars that you can take to go ! i 'm not a coffee drinker but my boyfriend tried their premium roast kona that they have on special that he raved about .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new coffee shop downtown pittsburgh a few blocks from market square . great coffee and smooth espresso . try the homemade baklava while it lasts ! run and owned by friendly people who really care about customer service . i 'm hearing that outdoor seating may be coming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fpc is excellent . good vibe , great staff & the coffee is superb . they even have their own parking lot . could n't ask for a better addition to the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a while back while i was in the strip i ran across this pop up stand . they are only open on weekends but carry a vast assortment of some of the best salts you can find . i remember they even had `` steeler '' salt which they call `` black and gold '' blend as well as bath salts . during my brief visit i was searching for a salt for my son who loves to cook . i ended up purchasing the sriracha salt which is a very versatile salt you can use on meats , pizza , etc . they also have imported salts and pretty much anything you can name . pink himalayan is a very versatile salt you can use for both cooking and a bath salt . prices are very affordable . look to find their stand at 21st and penn between 9-2 on weekends . if you like to cook then this place is for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a personal email from someone at pittsburgh salt and they not only offered to drop off the package at my doorstep since i lived nearby , they also refunded my $ 6.97 shipping cost ! ! ! was packaged great with tons of padding bubble wrap styrofoam beads . i 'm not a huge fan that they used styrofoam , but at least both pink himalayan salt lamps and salt shot glasses arrived safe and sound !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "garlic and herb salt mix is amazing ! i use it on everything ! i 'm literally eating chicken noodle soup right now and i just ground a little bit on top . it makes everything yummier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , reasonable prices , but i concur with everyone else . not the place for good bbq . i did n't go here by choice but went with a group of folks . brisket was dried out with no smoke ring , wings , while a good flavor , came out of the oven , pulled pork , the same . do n't go here for bbq . go here for reasonable prices and ok food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my gf and i came in at about 8pm on a friday night expecting a wait . as we were seated we wondered why it was so dead and soon realized ! the wait staff was great but the food was barely above buffet quality . i had the rib sampler and was only able to eat it after i drenched in one of there `` spicy '' habenero sauces . the mac n cheese was on par with kfc . i would not recommend this place and will definitely be going to jim n nicks next time where i know the food is great .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "is it because it 's monday or has this previously good bbq joint gone bad due to management ? 2 of us came in for lunch . place was about 80 % empty . ordered a chicken salad and pulled pork sandwich . both were dry . also ordered iced tea which was fine except they frown on letting you take a cup to go now without an additional charge . we let server know our meat was dry . no manager visit or offer to fix the problem . slaw was moist and tasty though . update : no surprise , this location closed about 18 months ago . it was replaced by midwood smokehouse which has some of the best beef brisket in charlotte .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is just not very good bbq . it 's a chain so i should have figured , but for some reason i had a feeling their ribs would be legit . i was wrong . i get 20 % off sticky fingerz from my job , live 3 min away , and have been here a grand total of zero times in the last year . and i eat out almost everyday ( i have no idea how i 'm not fat ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love ! ! ! this place ! every time i go its great service and great food and the prices are very reasonable too ! today i tried the newest addition to their lunch menu the turkey burger ! it comes with lettuce , tomato , onions , mozzarella cheese . with your choice of side and a drink for only $ 7.99 i think this is an awesome deal ! the turkey burger was hot and juicy cooked to perfection and the cheese melted on top ! so good , of course to kick it up a notch i added the spicy habanero barbecue sauce ! great flavors and just the right about if kick ! for my side i opted for the fried corn ... trust me you will love it ! it 's amazing crispy and juicy at the same time ! yummy ! i always have a great time here and it 's great food ! what could be better ? ! ? ! ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ribs are special . dry or wet . and the smoked and bbq chicken is great . all the sides are good and the selection of sauces is great . try the corn muffins . bet you ca n't eat just one . would be a great dessert but it comes with the meal platters . worth ordering an extra meal to take home . very friendly staff . large facility so usually get seated quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located across the street from the hotel we were staying at ... we decided to stop in . was late , so the place was pretty much empty except for maybe two other tables . the employees were pleasant and quick ... explained their different rib sauces . the ribs we had were good as was the rest of the meal . you should try the fried corn on the cob ... it was awesome . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after ordering our food , we were told it would be out shortly . after 15 minutes we were told the kitchen was backed up and would be out soon . 40 minutes after ordering our food finally showed up . it looked like they just slapped some things on the plate to get it out of the kitchen . two orders could not be eaten , another was supposed to have brisket but had pulled pork instead . going to the men 's restroom was like walking on an ice rink , and leaving the men 's restroom , women were asking the men if they could get them some paper towels . to the manager 's credit she did proactively take off the meals that had the poor quality brisket . overall an awful experience , horrendous wait time for food , poor quality food , and dirty restrooms .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sticky fingers never fails for me . i 'm in love with the dry rub seasoning for the ribs and the seasoned fries are addictive . their customer service is great and the one time we had a problem ( they burned my friend 's corn and they forget to bring my to-go order of stew ) , the manager came right over , never hesitated and made it right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did order out rack of ribs and a bbq pork sandwich for 30 dollars . ribs were fine but the sandwich was not put together in separate containers which would have been ok but there was not enough meat for even half a sandwich , the bun was stale and it came with onion rings which were cold and could not be eaten . take my advice and stay as far away from this place . being from memphis i can be a little snobbish but this was junk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first thing i usually do when i fly to charlotte from the west coast is stop by and get some ribs . their habanero sauce is to die for , kinda on the hotter side - but the flavor packs a punch . and since you 're here for the ribs , do n't forget their bbq pulled pork sandwich . their potato salad complements pretty much everything on the menu , as does the slaw and greens . in short - get extra sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should have known better than to order anything but bbq ribs at this place ... in fact when i told my server how poor my item was she said ... 'well we 're really known for our ribs ' ... like it was ok to serve other items prepared poorly ! . she should have told me before i ordered a smoked turkey sandwich ! the sandwich bread was like goo ( i asked for it to be toasted ) , the lettuce tasted like it came from a bag of week old shredded taco lettuce and the smoked turkey was a bunch of burnt ends ! burnt turkey ends ! ! ! what ever happened to good old fashioned slices ? the meat was like jerky ! ! ! what a lousy sandwich ... i 'll never go back ! ! ! ! thank goodness there was some decent potato salad or i would have given them 0 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food and coffee , not so good service . i had a iced coffee with a sandwich and it was all very good . i guess the folks there were having a bad day because they were impatient and arguing amongst each other . since i have only been there once i want to give them another chance . i will be giving them 3 stars now and see how it goes on my next visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place , they have a friendly staff and they play all the sports on there tv , but the food is where this place shines . i always take the ciociaro burger , it 's a beef patty with 2 slices of cheese , capicolo , peppers and hot eggplant , delicious . the chicken pesto pressed sandwich is also very good , always take there potatoes there delicious with a nice paprika seasoning . ps : take there cold coffee ... one of the best in town", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried . i really really tried to like mexican fast food , but sadly , i just could n't . taco bell has this weird aftertaste that i just could n't get over . the meat . it was the meat that had that funny taste . from now on , i 'm only getting veggie stuff there . if anything at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the drive through line is always long at the weirdest times . i would not come here during a lunch hour because i may end up spending the whole hour waiting for my order . when i get up to the drive through window , i paid and sat and watched them make my order . it made me wonder what takes them so long . the servers were nice and friendly . my food was hot . but i really do n't like waiting so long for `` fast food '' . i love how you can really feed a whole family from their menu for less than $ 10- $ 15 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this taco bell is decent . it is always busy when i go through the drive thru . you normally have to wait in a line that has you in the middle of the parking lot of costco where cars going straight have to drive around you . that is somewhat annoying . they are pretty slow and always push you to get more when ordering even after saying no . lucky for them the food is amazing , well at least tastes amazing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they were so nice ! we arrived on a sunday and it was obvious the staff was having a tedious , relentless sort of evening so we gave 'em a bit of levity and patience - in return they made sure we were extremely happy with our food ! the kitchen staff and the manager on duty were super friendly and even made us samples of a frozen baja blast confection soon to be offered in taco bell restaurants ( and offered to give us free full size ones , but we were so full already ! ) the overall dining area was clean , i did n't use the restroom so i do n't know what that was like . not a 5 star restaurant , but a 5 star experience at a taco bell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location needs a little help with tidiness and customer service . twice i 've been here and ice tea is has been empty . the food does n't taste as good as others locations . not sure i 'll be back again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think an unborn fetus is smarter than the people who work here . stay far away if you do n't want to get the crappiest taco bell you have ever had . blah .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how the hell can taco bell be closed before midnight it should be illegal i mean it 's practically part of a sobriety test", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taco bell is one of the few fast food restaurants i still go to . they have n't disappointed me ... yet . the food was good & my experience too but this location specifically is totally 90s decor . i thought i was in a mcdonalds when ronald was still around lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used the drive through for my son tonight . line was short but it took and exceptional amount of time to get us through the line . when ordering i confirmed we did not want tomatoes or sour cream on our items . my son hates them ! they read the order back and stated the correct order . but guess what we had on our items ... .tomatoes and sour cream . we were already home when he noticed so we did n't take them back . but confirming an order twice and still making a mistake is not ok or good customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have to agree with brandon . i 've been to this taco bell 3times since it 's closest to me and i get sick everytime and not just upset stomach i mean really really sick . their food does n't taste right here , after going to culinary school i 'm guessing it 's the way they handle it that makes it taste weird and make you sick . stay away ! ! i 'm thinking of writing corporate about this location , every other one i 've been to is fine but this one ... something just is n't right ! take the extra five mins and go a little further to another location and avoid getting sick !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the tables were dirty . the food was exactly what you would expect . it is an hour after my meal and no tummy gurgles yet . whew !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this location ! ! ! ! i 've only gone between m-f 8am-12pm but when i come between these hours i know i will be treated like a customer ! i love the customer service everytime i come here the workers are very nice and welcoming i honestly have not been to a fast food chain and got an experience like this . i do n't have any hassles at all here ! it 's so good i had to leave a comment thanks for all your hard work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went through the drive thru last night we got there at 11:15 , whomever was working the window served the car in front of us , ( mind you all the lights in the drive thru were on and the board was all lite up . we pull up to place our order and waited ... and waited for 5 minutes and no one came on to take our order . finally we pulled up to the window and we see the employees all in the back , looks like they were having a good old time . needless to say they lost a customer last night . kind of sad for a taco bell , that shows on here they are open until midnight .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rehydrated food taste like crap . i could taste the dried beans in my mouth as i munch into the burrito . they have a lot of crazy combinations . i give him credit in one aspect that they 've taken mexican food to outer space . this said they will probably be the first fast food to open on the planet mars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my review is based on the service . i have always received great service from this location and have nothing to complain about . however , taco bell 's quality of food is another story . if you have the extra couple bucks , get a real taco or burrito from chipotle or los taquitos nearby . however , if you like cheap and tasteless food then this place is perfect for you . i only gave them a better rating because they have fast and quick service . the food quality is out of their control but i would n't give a business five stars solely on service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheesy gordita crunch steak is awesome ! ! ! ! ! their service also very friendly and nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this taco bell is terrible . the food is the same as any other taco bell , but the service here is downright sad . they have messed up my order 3 times in a row . i hate sour cream and always ask for no sour cream and every time i always get sour cream . this place sucks at life , go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my got my food in a timely manner and it tasted pretty good . will be going back if i am in a hurry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long line to get in . i was there for a `` naughty nitey '' party ( rowrrrrr ) so luckily i did n't have to stand in line . i did have food poisoning from something i ate earlier that night so i had to leave about 2 hours after getting there . from what i remember the multi-level dance floor was packed and most of the tourists out of towners were having a good time . the place gets alot of media attention due to mtv 's reality shows etc . and the general paparazzi , so its common to see celebrities going in and out of the palms hotel rain with photographers everywhere . i never had the urge to go there since it 's off the strip and do n't have any connections there . i 'll give it three stars for now until i go back for a second time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "honestly , i was a little disappointed by rain . i had heard from a lot of people that it was one of the best clubs in vegas , but after going to tryst and pure - both beautiful ! - rain seemed really ... plain . it 's something you could find anywhere in la . the thing that makes it stand out seems to be the fire that blasts from up above . but seriously ? it was more of an annoyance than anything . i mean , you 're already hot and sweaty from dancing on that small dance floor ... do they really have to add flames to the mix and make the top of your head burn every couple of minutes ? ? yes , we got to skip the line . yes , we ended up joining someone 's table so we could sit down and drink . yes , the bartenders were nice and the drinks were strong . yes , i can now check `` rain '' off of my list of vegas clubs to go to and never go there again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just hit it this weekend so ... a . props to will for the vip hook-up ( i thought it was gon na be a sham , like everything else in vegas but it was legit gravy ) b . shots were expensive but there were no lines so i threw down the cabbage c. music was trance-ish , but i was too smashed to dance anyway d. it was packed , but did n't seem it , was able to socialize without feelin like a sardine e. packs of cute chicks roaming and flirting f. 2nd floor was the spot to chill , easy to scan the whole area and not too crowded , unlike the 1st floor i will hit again , once i get the hook up", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disclaimer - this review is written under the fact that we did n't even get into the club . we were four chicks dressed in our vegas best for a saturday night out , and we had gotten passes through some connections . we got there a little before ten , knowing it would be crowded . by about midnight we had gotten to the front of the `` line , '' but in reality groups were cutting all over the place , it was completely unorganized . when we finally got to the front of the mob , we managed to wave down the bouncer , who said he was only letting in groups at $ 100 a head . despite that we were four chicks , he bypassed us and was constantly letting in big groups of guys . frustrated at wasting our time , we made our way out . never coming back here , there are clubs that are just as good that actually know how to let their ladies in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "minimum age : 21+ . cost : ~ $ 30 crowd : mixed , 20-30 's . dress code : fashionable attire . music : trance date attended : 01 23 10 , saturday purchased palms all access 4 in 1 pass for $ 75 here , http : www.bestofvegas.com night-clubs all-access-4-in-1-nightclub-pass . we got the vip tickets so that we could attend all the clubs without waiting in line . oops ! big mistake . during off-season at least , because all the clubs had no lines during this time . should have just got the regular 4 in 1 pass to check out the other clubs in the palms . i always have a good time at rain . i like the setup , the music , the ambience . they had acrobats up in the ceilings which was a nice touch . and who does n't like flames shooting from above ? pros : music , acrobats , flames . cons : none .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hordes starting lining up around 1045 or so for this place that opens at 11 . always a cover $ $ $ ( everyone has a cover in vegas ) , and this place plays dance-techno-electronic music all night . if you 'd like more funk hip-hop random hits go upstairs to ghost bar . the scene here is definitely younger , most getting here already tipsy after drinking daiquaries randomly around the city . leave earlier than 4am if you do n't want to wait an hour for a cab .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i 'm not going to go into too much details about it though . i 'd give it 5 stars , but the flame throwers were kinda distracting . i have a lot of hair and i kept thinking that i was at risk of becoming a human match head .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warning : this nightclub contains bass known to the state of california to cause pace-maker interruption and exacerbation of high blood pressure or other cardiac harm . literally the thudding hurt my otherwise healthy ticker and made me crave the nearest exit . or maybe it was the seizure inducing flashing lights that would periodically come up to full power for 5 seconds revealing exactly how unattractive those around me were . or the fact that these momentary flashes also provided me with a glimpse of the space - a huge dirty industrial warehouse . the music was decent but enjoyment was truly interrupted by concern for my heart falling out of my chest cavity ... if you can imagine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first went to rain few years back and the secuirty guard gave my friend a hard time about her id and it was really her . he told her it was a fake id ! went inside nothing to special about the place and the music was just ok ... . went back last month only because the host made us go there before taking us up to moon . once again a security guard gave one of the girls a hard time on her id and it was really her ! he was even rude enough to say `` i know its not you but ill let you in '' ... anyways..we go inside and its dead we literally stayed 5 minutes and left for moon ... .this place is over rated . people come here cause they know of palms from the maloofs or from real world ... but other then that it has nothing to offer ... i would not go back to rain again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went on a friday for dj z trip 's revolt . z trip put us on the list himself but it still took 30 minutes to get in and was ridiculously disorganized . once we were in it was spectacular . pyrotechnics ... foam falling from the ceiling . so cool ! dj jazzy jeff was the dopest dj i 've ever seen ! ! afrika bambaataa was the icing on the cake . the drinks were a little weak but the music and atmosphere compensated . it would have been pricey to get in ( about $ 60 ) if we were n't on the list so that is something to consider . the go go dancers were fresh to death in nikes and cargo pants . i would go back in a heartbeat . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked the music here and when i came here the guy taboo from black eyes peas performed and he got the crowd dancing and having a good time great performance . even though his performance enhance my experience the club itself was ehhhh and the crowd was ehhh too . too many locals trying to be all rico suaves on every girl .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good mix of music . they are friendly to everyone that comes out to party , no matter where you 're from . from hyphy to dirty south to rock and top 40 , you 'd think that such a diverse selection of music would mess up the vibe , but it did not for me . the club is very roomy and there are many different bars and dance areas to hang around in . the bartenders are always in a good mood and make your drinks quickly ( provided you get to them in the long line of people you 're in ) . my only complaint ? cover charge and drink charge . of course its expected because you 're in vegas and everything is going to be expensive , but everything else makes up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so so . i would n't go out of my way to go here . playboy and moon are also accessible . i prefer ghost bar which is more open , less crowded and easier to meet people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "music was awesome . we saw dj jazzy jeff with a live rapper ( on redbull radio ) got to sit in the vip area and stayed for a few good hours . the crowd was fun , not too packed , a ton of people danced so that is what mattered most . would definitely get my groove on there next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on thursdays , there are n't as many people but you still get all the great music and you get to enjoy the interior a little more . however , every other night of the week , hundreds and hundreds of people are going to be packed in here and hundreds more wo n't get in ... if you like that ... well , i think that used to be fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rain is horribly ghetto . i have hookups here and i never go here ... hopefully it gets much better when oakenfold is in the mix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was dancing the rest of my evening early morning here , this place was packed so i never made it to the main dancefloor . lol ! jamie pressley was there , did n't take a pic with her tho bcuz she seemed annoyed . = ( bartenders were nice . yay for them ! felt the fire from a distance , thought that was interesting . next time , i 'm gon na be up on that vip stage next to the dj -- - just watch ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so unbelievably overrated . long line , packed dance floor and it 's impossible to get a drink . i would never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "z-trip 's revolution fridays = win . get on a list because the line sucks , even at 11 something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg came here to party and that 's exactly what our asses did ! all i know is it gets packed like no other and getting a drink takes for-e-ver ! ! but that 's why you 're in vegas and you can drink all day while you 're doing your thing and by the time it comes to hitting the clubs , you 're already buzzed . do n't get too trashed though . get wasted an hour before coming ( thats for those who can handle being a classy drunk ) . lol we def enjoyed club rain . you can go up top and enjoy the las vegas view . had a blast and maybe return one day . there are so many other places to go instead of rain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here twice and i 'm not feeling it . it gets way too crowded in here and i wish they would let less people in at a time . maybe i should n't complain because both times i got in free , but oh well . that said , it is a cool looking club . the fire is awesome . the vip section is pretty cool too . my only complaint is i got the wrong drink 3 times from the bartender . he gave me a vodka soda instead of a vodka sour thrice over . how does that happen ? at least he let me keep them and i passed them out . the sky boxes , i heard , are pretty cool too , although did n't make it in . i was too busy drinking free champagne with some cops from canada , eh . i 'm sorry i missed it though , that 's where courtney turned into a hot tranny mess .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i remember watching real world vegas a few years ago . the cast members worked at rain . i was so amazed at how awesome the club looked . what a huge disappointment the club was . we received free cover to all the palms clubs , so we decided to go there first . when we walked right in some rappers were performing . i have no idea who they were . a couple of minutes later they were done and the dj started playing some old school hip hop . we were out of there within 30 minutes . what 's up with these vegas clubs ? ! ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "out of all the clubs we went to on friday night at the palms ... this was the best one ! ! the music was right on . hard a blast dancing . the staff was great . drinks were good . i will have to say something about the crowds though ... out of 4 we went to , this one was the fullest ... .and it was still pretty empty ... slow vegas weekend maybe ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what 's up with perfecto and that performance art piece with an orange ball ? i just do n't get it and not because i 'm some art school snob . music was good when he was spinning but not when he was transitioning . he just kept giving himself kudos or something . felt like i was at some high school rave with all these guys flashing their glow sticks . pretentious aliens bald guys in long tails were passing out glowsticks to people lining up outside and inside the club . could n't believe the long lines ... both vip guestlist and pay lines ( us and $ 30 each ) . when we left , there was an even bigger mob .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! if it werent so crowded that you couldnt breathe i would give it 5 stars . but it has bumpin good music , water , fire , and cool go go dancers . the visual effects of this place is so cool and exciting . if you just get it line , it winds around the entire casino .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to tao the night before and rain was definitely a step up in my opinion . i like the set up with the huge open dance floor in the middle with tables around the floor . went with a group of 20 people and got a table there so we didnt have to wait in line at all ... but i did see the line for the place..and it was ridiculously hectic ... not sure if it was a line or just groups of people crowding around the entrance . inside it was not quite as crowded as tao but i prefer that . the only complaint i have is that the music was not diverse at all . all house trance ... which is fine for me but we had a few people that do not dance to that . oh and the table service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "matt did my tattoo & he did an awesome job . his work speaks for itself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to another tattoo shop recently for another piece ... now , i have an appointment at sinful skin to fix it ... my fiancee also got a new tattoo here a few weeks ago , and joey nailed it . she 's super happy about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter and i decided that we wanted to get matching tattoos before she leaves for school . after reading the reviews we decided to check out sinful skin . we were uncertain about what we wanted but after talking with aaron he was able to help us narrow it down . he gave great advice about the size of the tattoo we wanted because of it 's location . he drew out the design and it was even better than what we were thinking when we walked in . i was super impressed with the steps he took to make sure everything was clean and sanitized after each patron . i like the fact that they drape everything , it definitely shows how dedicated they are to cleanliness . this was my daughters first tattoo and aaron was great about explaining things to her and reassuring her throughout her tattoo . i would recommend sinful skin to anyone thinking about getting a tattoo , you wo n't be sorry . quality work , clean studio and competitive prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a cover up done by rick . one of the lines bled into my skin on one side . when i went back for my second session i showed him and he just filled it darker and now the sides are very uneven . he never discussed with me first how he was going to fix it before he did . bothers me everyday that i need to fix what was supposed to be fixed . the majority of tattoo and shading were good . this was a second piece he threw in without even having it on the original design that i never approved of or asked for . looks like i 'll be getting some major laser work done to clean this up . parts of the line work are unclean in other areas as well . seems he was in a hurry . very disappointed . i 'll post pics if this app will let me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom and i came in to get matching tattoos on our feet in honor of my little sister who passed away a few months ago . we wanted to duplicate the tribal bear paws that my sister had on her left foot . aaron explained to me how they operated over the phone so we knew what to expect when we got there . he did a wonderful job ! the shop is very clean and the tattoo artists are very professional and friendly . we felt like we were in very good hands ! ! both my mom and i are very happy with what we had done and will recommend ss tattoo to anyone inquiring about getting a tattoo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sisters and i decided to get small matching tattoo 's on a whim . we went to a different shop nearby , but they were closed ( 30 minutes after the time on the door said they opened ) so we went here since my sister had been here in the past . dennis ( i think ) and owen were working . owen drew up out little piece for us and each tattoo went on quickly . they all turned out great- nice clean lines , even width , no patch spots . very happy- definitely found a new spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these days tattoo shops are popping up like walgreen 's . but that does n't mean they would all be good places to go get one ! i already had 9 but was searching for a clean shop w an artist who had a steady hand & legible writing for my next piece . then a friend referred me to aaron @ sinful skin and i could n't be happier his penmanship is not only seriously amazing , but his art is unique & on point everytime ! ! i am more than satisfied with all 9 original pieces he has done for me and pass out his cards whenever i can . he runs a clean , professional shop of talented guys who are always ready to create art ! so whether it 's your 1st or latest ink come check them out , you wo n't be sorry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the artists i 've met are top notch . while melissa zimmer is my artist i got to see other artists put in work and they are all good at what they do . they get 5 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron did a great job on my tattoo . he was very thorough about safety and cleanliness of his equipment and how to care for my tattoo afterwards . cool guy to chat with as were the rest of the other artists . aaron will be doing all of my work from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend aaron ! amazing artist , no question about that ! i got some simple writing of my kids name , life line and a heart but it 's flawless - super clean lines ! i love it ! i saw a piece he did on another person before me and omg ... . no words ! but , do n't take my word for it , look at his pictures !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going and getting work done through melissa for the past eight years i would never go anywhere else great work great environment understands every time when i want works with you on scheduling the prices are amazing all in all a great great place to go highly recommend it i have told numerous of my friends to go there actually my aunt just left last week with the great tattoo done by melissa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joey was such a great artist . he did both mine and my sisters tattoos and we were walk ins . he was very professional and really took his time . i just got a triangle on my pinky and an arrow on my inner finger and he really took his time and went over it . i would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here once over a year ago and have never gone anywhere else since . joey has done three of my tattoos and every time i have been more than happy with his work . he is very kind and attentive and you can tell he loves what he does . great prices , great service and great work ! i will never go to anyone but joey for work now . i will give them five stars to anyone that asks ! highly recommend them ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tattoos are subjective but cleanliness and professionalism are required . this place has both in spades ! ! ! my friend came in for her first tattoo , a short verse on her wrist , and shorty , the artist , was patient and explained exactly what to expect . pricing was reasonable and they went out of their way to make her feel comfortable . i returned for a long-awaited coverup after being impressed with how shorty handled my friend and was absolutely amazed at what he had drawn up for me ! it was so much more beautiful than i had even hoped ! i ca n't wait to bring my husband in to see what shorty can do for him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sinful skin is a very clean shop with talented artists . aaron was great to work with and does awesome work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't of felt more welcomed here . aaron dix is an extremely talented artist , and really understood what i wanted for my tattoo . not only that but everyone is a joy to talk to and i will be recommending this place to everyone ! he truly went above and beyond of what i expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my old artist fell off the face of the earth , i needed my half sleeve completed . i was so happy to find this place and a willing artist to do it ( aaron ) . all the artists are super professional , and know what they 're doing . ( their portfolios look great as well ) the color job that he did looks fantastic . it 's only been a couple of weeks and i 've gotten so many compliments on it and people want to know where i got it done . he did such an awesome job on it that i 'm thinking of going back to get cover up on an old tattoo ! seriously , check this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love my tragus piercing from cooley today ! super friendly , knowledgeable , clean atmosphere and quick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sinful skin is the best shop i 've been to . i went in with a half finished sleeve and aaron has been awesome in helping me finish it ! i could not be happier that i found this shop ! they are clean , nice , and very much talented artists ! 100 % recommend sinful skin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a few pieces done in california and one in tempe before aaron did my half sleeve and i have to say he is the best artist that has ever worked on me . his rate is excellent especially when you consider the quality of work . highly recommend this dude . but make sure to schedule in advance because he is often booked for a couple months ahead , which makes sense . i live in newport beach now but i 'll be driving out to az for any future tattoos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter had the cartilage in her ear pierced at this shop yesterday . the guy was very friendly and informative and did a great job . i had my two younger kids with me too , and he was very friendly with them and offered lollipops while they waited . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just started my sleeve here with joey and i could not be more thrilled with how it turned out . absolutely phenomenal work at a very reasonable price ! very professional facility and staff all the way around from start to finish . definitely will be recommending to anyone looking for a tattoo and will for sure be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great studio ! aaron is a super talented artist . he took what was a bunch of random tattoos done in the past and made them into a streamlined masterpiece ! they were literally 4 to 5 random disney tattoos . aaron made them into a flowing sleeve . i get compliments on his work almost everywhere i go . i am so glad i was referred to sinful skin and to have aaron as my tattooist . i will never go to any other shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came as a walk in today . showed aaron two pictures as ideas and he blended them beautifully together ! had a great experience ! i did n't feel rushed while i was making sure the placement was perfect and the tattoo is exactly what i wanted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only place i get tatted ! ! great establishment phenomenal artists who create masterpieces and get every detail possible ! ! i 'll be going here for years to come", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cooley has done hundreds of piercings , so my little nose hoop was n't much of a challenge for him . however , the customer service was outstanding ! he warmly greeted me with a smile and an outstretched hand . he continued his warm welcome by helping me pick from what looked like hundreds of nose hoops , and we quickly narrowed it down to the perfect hoop . he then took me back to his `` office '' and successfully engaged me in small talk , continuing to make me feel valued and comfortable . the piercing was very easy and quick . he talked me through the whole thing and then like a fatherly figure would do , told me how well i did . of course , he told me about aftercare before letting me leave . i 'd quickly recommend this shop to anyone . thanks cooley ... i 'll be back to buy another hoop . : - ]", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop has an awesome vibe . very talented artists . cleanest shop i 've been in , all the shops employees were very friendly and inviting . highly recommend any of the artists at sinful skin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gotten all my work done at this shop by the man himself aaron dix . awesome clean environment and great group of guys . it 's a very family and friend oriented shop and amazing quality work . many of my buddies have gotten tattooed here and a good buddy of mine is even a shop hand now . aaron and his partners deserve more than just a yelp review . this guys are awesome and i would recommend anyone who wants good quality work by good quality people stop in and get it done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owen has now done 4 tattoos for me . all are fantastic ! he is creative and takes ownership of his art , but also takes the time to interact with me and get my input on his work . after our recent 6 hour session , he asked my opinion on the outcome . i told him i loved all but one aspect . he thought carefully , then agreed to make a change . afterwards , he said , `` good call '' on the change . no ego and no resentment . while his work has always been exceptional , i found that response to be exemplary of the kind of work he , and the other tattooers , do here . i ca n't imagine a reason to go anywhere else . great artists , great & clean environment , and great work . whether your first tattoo or your twentieth , give sinful skin a try . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sucht man ein kulinarisches geschenk aus baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ist man hier genau richtig . wir bevorzugen normalerweise direkt bei den produzenten einzukaufen ( z.b . den schw\u00e4bischen whiskey in owen-teck ) , wenns aber mal schnell gehen muss findet das freundliche servicepersonal im enkel schulz immer das passende . ein geheimtipp sind die getrockneten spaghetti , sie kommen meiner meinung nach am nahesten an frisch gemachte nudeln heran .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ein wundersch\u00f6ner kleiner laden mit allen m\u00f6glichen kleinigkeiten ! immer einen besuch wert ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "f\u00fcr alle , die an au\u00dfergew\u00f6hnlichen dingen interessiert sind oder ein besonderes geschenk suchen , sind hier genau richtig . die verk\u00e4uferinnen sind super nett und stehen bei jeder frage zur verf\u00fcgung", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never in my life have i been treated so rudely . i visited the upstairs club section of savoy on a saturday night with a large group of friends . upon going downstairs to use the restroom , i was prohibited from going back upstairs with no reason or justification . upon calmly questioning several members of the management team , i was treated extremely rudely and virtually dismissed by the owner , who cited he did not need my business . savoy has a nice atmosphere , but the customer service is seriously lacking . i 'd prefer to spend my money at a place where my business is appreciated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to a yelp event here . maybe i am wrong , but i feel like for a yelp event a restaurant will bring its a game . apparently , savoy does n't feel the same . the bartenders were quick and friendly , but in the words of sarah s. `` well , it 's alcohol . '' drinks ... meh , nothing i would ever order again . food was actually pretty bad . : ( service took an hour to bring salads ... we actually got our food out of order . : ( luckily , yelp people are super fun and cool so it was n't a complete wash ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the head chef kevin is a rare mix of friendly , humble , brilliant , and hard working . his dedication to providing his guests with a great experience comes through not just in his table visits , but in every dish that leaves his kitchen . huge perfectly prepared portions of inventive fare including dishes as eclectic as chocolate , crab , and lobster ravioli and salt rock grilled froi-gras with mignon filet sous-vide are just as delicious and adventurous as they sound . the staff could not have been more attentive , our server made us feel like we were his only table even though it was busy , he was back to refill our drinks and check up on us every 5-10 minutes . savoy is pricey , but their food is excellent and their hospitality is great . i think you get every penny of your money 's worth , and i 'd gladly try anything chef kevin dreams up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had dinner at the savoy restaurant on 8 12 2011 ... . the place is beautiful but the food leaves something to be desired if u are going to charge those prices get the kitchen up to par ... my meal was shrimp and cheese grits ... ugh ! ! maybe if the chef did less socializing in the dining room and put more focus on the food ! ! ! to bad because the place is nice ... i give it 6 months ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice to bring ur boo then turn up ... great menu great atmosphere so check this place out my yelpers ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here multiple times and enjoyed every visit . food has been consistently good and service is always outstanding . my s o ordered the stuffed talapia , flavors were right and he enjoyed his dish . he did mention that his greens were under seasoned , but overall enjoyed everything . i ordered the lamb chops , they were juicy , tender and not cooked to hard . the sauce is absolutely amazing . we also got a desert , the funnel cake . it had maple syrup , bacon pieces and buttered popcorn icecream . very different ... almost tasted like breakfast - yet it was good . we were going to go to the lounge , but was told that it is only open thurs to saturday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hottest new restaurant lounge on the entire east coast ! very classy and upscale but not stuffy . the chef is outstanding and the atmosphere is electric ! the newly renovate v lounge is the hottest spot in the city ! this alluring , sexy , classy environment provides an overall magnificent experience , especially after enjoying fine dining in the restaurant . if you are visiting pittsburgh , you must stop in ! reservations are highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times for events and drinks . they have a weird dress code . my ex husband and i attended a private event in the deck hosted by the magazine i worked for . it was business casual and he has impeccable style and taste : very british . in fact his ensemble for the evening was purchased in the u.k. including the hat he wore . it was a very expensive flat cap . because of the dress code he was forced to remove it or not attend our private event . have n't been back since . at that point service and food had started going down hill so it was more of a disappointment than a loss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for a yelp event with a friend and we loved it . i would probably come here if i had some money to throw away , but the food was appetizing , the drinks were average , and the atmosphere was great ! on a scale of one to ten the food was probably around a 6 , where the bites were creative but the execution was a little off . nonetheless it was a good experience and i may try the other dishes at some point . maybe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to savoy several times for different occasions . the food is good , but i have n't had anything this far that has blew my mind ! i went on a friday night with a friend for happy hour in the launch upstairs . the mix of people is great ! lots of professionals in nice business attire . the happy hour drinks were ok , a little too weak for my taste though . i migrated to my `` go to '' vodka cranberries by the end if the night . my friend had wings which he said were good . i had chicken quesadillas ... there were cut up pieces of chicken along with some other kind of ground meat ... they were good , but i was n't sure if the ground meat was chicken , beef , pork , or what ... the description was definitely `` chicken quesadilla . '' i always end up at savoy to see if anything will make me love it , but until then ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to this restaurant 4 times now so you might say it 's one of my favorites . last night the music was loud but really added to the already lively atmosphere . we usually have wine both before and during dinner and their wine selections are varied and all are excellent- they need to invest in more glasses though as this is the second time i have been there that the bartender had to search for glasses to serve the wine ! food is perfect , we had the veal meatloaf , very nice flavor , spicy and saucy without being overbearing , and crabcakes which were good but i could detect the cornmeal in the cake- i have had the new york strip there before and that was maybe the best steak i have had outside of the capital grill . dont miss the chocolate ravioli !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in pittsburgh last week had a great time at the savoy . the dj was good and the bartenders were fast and friendly . hope to get back and try the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "space is very modern and the ambiance is very chic ... on certain nights there is jazz which brings in the older more calm crowd and on some other nights ( upstairs ) you can find the younger crowd and djed music and on the nights in between there is nothing going on and it 's blah ... when it comes to upstairs , the patio is a nice touch if the weather permits it but as far as being inside there is no space ! be prepared to stand all night unless you have an over priced `` vip '' section ( upstairs ) ... drinks are delicious and the food ... . the food is good but over priced ... if you are going to spend that kind of money you could easily go down town and receive your money 's worth ... overall , if you are in the area it 's a great place to grab a cocktail and calamari ( the only thing that is actually worth it ) before you really start your night . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is engaging , fun , and perfect for small parties . had trio of crab cakes , frisee salad , and vegetable strudel . loved it . others had chicken and waffles . i quote `` the waffles r bangin ! '' . we had a party of 6 , and everybody got a different dessert . they were all incredible . great evening for the price . portions are chic . a spot for grown-up professionals to celebrate special occasions or network .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is an absolute gem . it 's beautiful , black owned if you 're into that sort of support and the head chef does n't disappoint . we went two days in a row . day 1 i had the delmonico which was good but too fatty for my taste . day 2 i had the filet mignon which is was nothing less than exemplary . good service and ambiance , this is a must do in pittsburgh 's strip district", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i dined at the savoy restaurant in downtown pittsburgh on a sunday afternoon for brunch . the buffet brunch was surprisingly fresh and full including eggs , potatoes , vegetable lasagna , roast turkey with stuffing , grits , bacon , and an omelet station with all the fixings . for desert a petite pumpkin spice cheese cake . it was a very good deal , although the drinks can get pricey 10.00 for a mimosa , and i will definitely be returning . the price plus the chic atmosphere was enough to guarantee that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty decent . pros : there was a live band that was actually pretty good . the happy hour drinks were really cheap and tasty . the manager was nice , since bar was full he was finding seats and making room for everyone . there are plenty of choices for happy hour . nice outdoor breeze in the front . cons : the food was awful . the lobster ravioli was bland . my crab claw was so tough it was like rubber . the bread pudding tasted like a microwavable dessert and the ice cream was bad . the venue is and you can only get happy hour at the bar . it got so tight and loud at the bar it became obnoxious and i left . forcing people to pack around a tiny bar for happy hour when the place was empty and there were plenty of seats is stupid . i would likely return , especially for the drinks and the music . the martinis were quite nice . its more of a lounge and not restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there have always been several reasons for me to not like savoy -- outrageous drink prices , absurdly snobby wait staff ( umm -- this is n't paris , gar\u00e7on ) , and a menu that is not at all vegetarian-friendly . but i 've kept going back for the one thing they do right -- live jazz on monday nights . tonight was a total deal-breaker though -- a pittsburgh cop frisking everyone on the way in ! nice way to start your night -- being made to feel like a criminal before entering the club . i 'll find live jazz somewhere else from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well i attempted to try out this new place . it was a thursday night . we were going to watch cirque du soleil , which was indescribably amazing , and got turned away at the door of savoy along with the couple next in line for not having a jacket on by the extremely rude shorthaired woman at the door . i was informed that the place was empty by the person who i was meeting inside . i wonder why ? ? ? i wo n't even think of that place ever again and i 'm taking the owners card out of my wallet . it 's too phat and too fat . the term is `` reality check '' . the best of luck to all at savoy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pimped out and fun ! kudos to the staff who are very attentive and make you feel very special . we were greeted promptly and our coats were checked . our waiter was superb and helpful , plus we loved his russian accent , which was charming . the salad was very good , although i was fairly certain that the gorgonzola cheese in the salad was not the genuine gorgonzola from italy . there was an unexpected raspberry sorbet to cleanse the pallet , which was great . we got the lobster with scallops and the filet mignon , and both were prepared to perfection . my mashed potatoes were not very flavorful , but otherwise , everything else was delicious . for desert we split the chocolate cake , which was very creatively prepared and presented . the music playing was a little too loud for conversation , but it was earth wind and fire , michael jackson , and al green , all really fun songs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here during a recent trip to pittsburgh to watch a fight . it 's a restaurant and sports bar , that also serves as a club on weekends . spacious dining room and large flat screen tvs everywhere . i heard they have a great brunch . steelers players were there the night i went , so i could tell this is the cities hot spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this chic new restaurant has an ambience that is more southern california than pittsburgh . it 's nice to see something new and trendy here . the interiors and lighting are fun and funky . the menu is creative and eclectic with a few menu items leaning toward southern cuisine . we ordered the chicken satay appetizers , the roasted vegetable salad , chicken and waffles and beemster cheese grits . everything we sampled was delicious . the chef came out not once , but twice to make sure we were enjoying all that he had prepared and available to answer any questions we had . the service from the entire staff was over the top with lots of people around to refill our water glasses , bring us bread , clear off used dishes and offer up additional drinks from the bar . after dinner , we walked upstairs to the club which had an energetic vibe and totally different than the feeling of the restaurant . we 'd go back again and recommend it to our friends as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "satay , steak , chicken and waffles , and the martini sampler . delicious . chef watson has a great menu going on . it has a nice environment and the food is on point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with a friendly bar staff and an exemplary team of chefs savoy is a always a win . you can guarantee that a happy hour , date night , or business dinner will be a success and their fusion of haute cuisine and comfort food will make everyone happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a pricey restaurant . i went with my kids and was not very comfortable with the ambiance . the quality of the food was very good . the waiter was polite but a bit pushy , normally i would n't have gone there if it was n't for groupon . even though the quality of the food was excellent , the price was a bit much and the place was crowded . they do have a valet service which is nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "make sure you call your reservations 24hrs in advance because this is definitely not your typical pittsburgh dining experience ! the food is excellent ( mind you the portions and prices are on par with any other fine restaurant in the area . if you 're looking for massive portions at a cheap price go to olive garden or something ) , the staff is absolutely delightful- both helpful and friendly , the chef comes out several times to check on your meal ( hats off to you for that ) , the atmosphere is delightful filled with well dressed people who are happy to be out and enjoying the night . there is free valet ( a plus as i am used to paying for parking ) . definitely a place to spend an entire evening- from the restaurant downstairs to the lounge and outdoor patio upstairs . great food , great people , and superb staff , what more can i ask for ? ? ? i highly recommend ps- the crab cakes are incredible !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for a party a few weeks ago so i ca n't rate this place as a restaurant . it 's a very upscale joint . bartenders did a good job of quick service . typically expensif drinks bottle service once specials were over ; just about what one would expect . the decor is modern . large screens placed through the upstairs lounge . the dj played some really great hip hop sets ; really loved the music . i especially liked the upstairs outdoor patio area . very cool place to hold a party !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have dined here at least 10 times ... . sometimes at a table , more often at the bar ... ... food and service have been consistently perfect . and it is just always so fun and happening here ! people dress up , great music , attentive staff ... love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed our dining experience here . the food was great and our drinks were delicious ... got the groupon glad i did because sometimes a little skeptical about some things their ... we got some kind of salmon app it was fantastic . wish we would of had room to try dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent meal . creative drinks . very attentive staff . too many good sounding entrees to choose from . beautiful surroundings . highly recommend and i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the true test of a restaurant is consistent excellence from all aspects over an extended period . savoy fills this bill . we have been numerous times over last12 months and have had an amazing experience every time . certainly one of , if not the best in pittsburgh . do yourself a favor and become a savoy regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is excellent . the service is sold not great , but the cuisine is once again outstanding . there is n't an overwhelming amount of choices in regards to the entr\u00e9es , but i 'm sure you will be extremely satisfied with whatever you choose . do n't forget to order an appetizer . i recommend the calamari .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here with a group of 8 people to celebrate a graduation . the service was pretty good , if a bit slow . we had some scheduling issued and the hostess was lovely in being flexible with our reservation time . our server also came bearing a complimentary dessert for the new grad which i thought was very thoughtful ! the only downside for the service was that it took us almost an hour to get our food . the food ( when it came ) was also pretty good . i got the wagyu beef with ravioli , and it was cooked and seasoned well . i also tried the butternut squash ravioli with lobster , which was tasty as well . we had a side of beans and asparagus to share . the asparus was delicious , but i would pass on the green beans given the option . all in all , it was a good experience ! if you 're not particularly hungry and looking for a low key place to chat and eat , this is definitely a good option !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this a nice spacious tim 's just a stones throw from the south end of st. lawrence market , just south of the esplanade on jarvis . there is n't much for parking on the jarvis frontage , but drive around behind where you will find street parking if you need it . there is plenty of room to lounge around at this spot , with large windows looking out at the action . plenty of traffic on the street where jarvis connects to the lakeshore , so lots to look at while you sip your coffee and watch the world go by .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have eclairrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrs ! all is well with the world when youre eating an \u00e9clair . in all seriousness , a great location , with friendly staff and a very good selection of places to sit , im surprised that there is no tim hortons inside the st. lawrence marketplace , but this is a stones throw away . no street parking , but quite a few transit options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service is usually slightly below average to average , the staff look like they do n't want to be there ( usually not a smile on them and just a blank zombie look at you ) . today was my first time here on a weekend and the staff seem more pleasant ! it 's your basic tim 's , convenient location for me , but nothing making this place super special to go out of your way to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our bartender , maria was very informative , knowledgeable and offered great suggestions on alternatives to wine we were drinking as a group . i like coming here to the corkscrew to hang out with friends either before or after dinner in birkdale . sometimes its too loud but tonight it was just right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot to hang out at during the nice summer nights . they provide local entertainment and its a great place to chill out at . very lively on the weekends and would be a great place to take your out of town friends or even a first date . wine and beer and they typically have good specials running . check this place out anytime you 're out at birkdale village !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such an adorable place to share a bottle of wine with a group of girlfriends ! i met a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and we were greeted immediately ! we 'd made reservations so our table was waiting and we started sampling different wines . i love that they offer a special everyday for a red , white and moscato for only $ 6 ! all the staff were very knowledgeable about the wine list as well as the wine options on the back wall . we settled on two bottles one from the wall and one from the wine menu for last night , but i already know the next ones i 'm going to have when i return ! i 'd recommend this place for anyone that loves a great bottle of wine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been here many times on the weekend . it 's always a bit tough to get service when its crowded on the weekends . i honestly would n't recommend going during those peak hours . however , on a weeknight or evening , its wonderful ! stopped in sunday on our way to the movies , and had a wonderful gentleman who made a perfect wine recommendation and could n't have served us better ! ( just a heads up on the cheese plates , the danish bleu that is served on the red wine cheese plate is the strongest bleu i have ever tasted , but they will let you switch them out if you 'd like . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very ice place . be careful if they are busy as it might take awhile to get a staff person but its a nice place to stop for a quick drink . the house wine is actually really nice and they carry as good as cakebread , that impressed me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to go and hang with friends . great music on friday nights . finger food is just enough when you do n't want to pig out . and oh yes very `` healthy pour '' of wine ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place . i am not a wine expert by any means and the staff was extremely helpful . pricing is very reasonable and seating is great ! comfy couches and tv 's ... .very chill yet upscale atmosphere . perfect for a date or just a few friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well . it took four times to order four things . each glass of wine and two food plates . the manager barmen waiter , all then same person just was not listening . ordered a meat plate prosciutto ham cheese etc . it was awful . terrible . dry ham . no real prosciutto . cheap cheese of some sort . empenadas which were microwaved well . rubbish . any wine is alright the rest not . nice place terrible device and food that is worse than a free airport lounge buffet . i could change this place in an hour or two . nice location and good space . that gives it the one star . unless i buy it or run it i will not be back . what a waste . secondly . other customers brought in their own in polystyrene boxes . yuk . ate inside out of boxes on the tables . so non classy . ridiculous . why this was allowed ? if this turns out to be the owner . you chose the wrong trade . will post a photo of box eating clients . best . me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fabulous place to hang out . bottle wine is a liitle pricey . but you are in lkn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j'ai a plusieurs reprises entendu parler de se restaurant et avait des attentes plut\u00f4t \u00e9lev\u00e9 . malheureusement elle n'ont pas \u00e9t\u00e9 atteintes . a ma grande surprise le restaurant se presente comme un restaurant italien , mais je n'entendais que de bon commentaires sur le poulet au charbon j'imaginais qu il s'agissait plus d'une r\u00f4tisserie , mais bon ce n'est pas tres important . j'ai command\u00e9 des penne arrabiata et es \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7u petite portion et les p\u00e2tes n'\u00e9tait m\u00eame pas \u00e9pic\u00e9 ce qui es le but d'une sauce arrabiata . le plat n'\u00e9tait pas mauvais mais vraiment de base . mon amie a command\u00e9 le fameux poulet servit avec une g\u00e9n\u00e9reuse portions de frites . il \u00e9tait bon mais sans plus elle . elle regretta de ne pas avoir pris la pizza . pour conclure l'on a d\u00fb se lever et demander notre facture apres 30 mins d'attente . exp\u00e9rience correct sans plus pour le poulet et les p\u00e2tes \u00e9tait un peu d\u00e9cevante pour la portion et le prix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "deux visites \u00e0 ce restaurant \u00e0 la d\u00e9co un peu vieillotte et kitch . premi\u00e8re un samedi soir ( salle bond\u00e9e ) , nous avons test\u00e9 la pizza , qui pour \u00eatre au feu de bois n'est pas terrible sans \u00eatre mauvaise . mais tous les clients semblaient prendre le poulet qui semblait \u00eatre la sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9 de la maison , ce qui nous a donn\u00e9 envie de le tester . deuxi\u00e8me visite donc , en semaine ( moins de monde ) , et test du poulet cuit au four qui nous avait fait tant envie . finalement , portions correctes avec frites maisons , mais le poulet un peu d\u00e9cevant , rien de bien extraordinaire . prix corrects dans l'ensemble et service tr\u00e8s bien par contre . sentiment mitig\u00e9s au final , \u00e0 conseiller si vous \u00eates dans le coin \u00e0 l'occasion , mais y aller expr\u00e8s , non .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'adore ce resto . la deco n'est pas extra mais le poulet est excellent . il est servie avec 4 sauces , j'adore . ce resto est un apportez votre vin mais je ne conseille pas d'y aller pour un souper en t\u00eate \u00e0 t\u00eate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place familiale sans pr\u00e9tention ! attention ... tout n'est pas conseill\u00e9 sur le menu . poulet : un peu sec ... pizza : parfaite pour le prix ! plusieurs sauces ... excellente ! service rapide et courtois . frites miam !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "un des meilleur poulet que j'ai mang\u00e9 ! cuit \u00e0 la perfection au four , les poulets sont d\u00e9licieux . accompagn\u00e9s de salade et de sauces originales et \u00e9pic\u00e9es . le service est parfait et le prix \u00e9galement ( 10 $ en moyenne pour un combo ) . je recommande fortement ce petit restaurant !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small little bring your own wine restaurant offering great chicken . the service is horrendous though . oddly enough it 's always full but the owner is too cheap to hire more help i guess . get ready to wait for a long time before you order get the bill . i guess that 's why they make you bring your own alcohol . be glad you have it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dined here last night solo at the bar . interier kind of feels like a swanky hotel rather than a restaurant . i didnt order an appitizer or drink since i was dining alone . for my entree i got the salmon entree and let me tell you , i judge a restaurant by how well their cooked salmon entree is and senti knocked it out of the park . it was served with sun dried tomato risotto and mixed veggies . it was amazing . bravo ! then i treated myself to a piece of tiramisu . it was obviously homemade in house and delicious . i enjoyed my dinner completely and will be returning to see what else the menu has in store ! great job senti .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times . ambiance is very nice . big windows looking out on butler street , great little outdoor area for summertime . inside , elegant white furnishings and really comfortable seats . the bar has a wine machine -- you know , one of those things that you buy a card and can use it to dispense wine and get various tastings . the people i was with all love it and found it novel -- not really my thing ; would just as soon order from the waitress or bartender , but i can see the advantage of being able to taste various wines . food was good -- we spoke to the owner who shared that he grows some of the food himself and sources almost all of it locally . service was always great . definitely a nice date place or good for a business dinner ( which i 've used it for a couple of times ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place , but i did n't . from the dry sausage , bean , and pear dressing accompanying my ok pork to the pleasant but inattentive service to the , imho , tacky white leather decor , i just did not enjoy it . some of the food is ok , but nothing memorable . the wine selection is nice . i left feeling annoyed , and when i finally got the waittress ' s attention to get the check , was glad to close the door behind me on a totally forgettable dining experience . i will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "second time around ... so i love the decor . so nice , clean and modern . the owner was walking around and helping out and was really nice and professional . kudos to him . the server was young and nice but did n't explain the specials well . every time he came over it was just awkward . pricing is weird . salads are almost the same price as the pasta . and the meals are double the pasta . lasagna was way way overlooked and mushie . but had a nice b\u00e9chamel . skipped deserts for the night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our appetizer was cauliflower soup , and our entrees were fettuccine and gnocchi . the food tasted good but not worthy of our repeat business . the restaurant was not busy with customers , but the waitress was a little slow in taking our order and bringing out our food and drinks . dress code is casual .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everyone who works here is very hospitable , but that being said , it 's a pretty classy restaurant . i 've been here for dinner twice , and the majority of the crowd look like they just got off work in their business casual formal attire . the food here is good , although portion sizes are kind of small for what you pay for . i love the lasagna here almost as much as i love the one from piccolo forno , but the portion is maybe 1 3 of piccolo forno 's . i was able to devour an appetizer , pasta , and dessert , and still felt like i could eat more food after that meal . the food and ambiance are great , but docking a star for prices and portion size", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dinner was fine , but as another reviewer wrote , a forgettable meal . i do n't see any reason to have a return visit . we ordered all the specials : beef carpaccio and goat cheese tart for apps , and the lamb and scallops for mains . the beef carpaccio was on the tasteless side and the goat cheese tart was unremarkable . the lamb and the scallops were cooked perfectly , but again the dish was just fine , nothing memorable about it . the descriptions for all of the dishes sounded much more impressive than the actual meal . the one thing i did like quite a lot was the dessert . we got the tiramisu and the nutella mousse . both were delicious ! so if you go , definitely leave room for dessert . we ate inside , but the outdoor patio looks quite nice . and they seem to have a happy hour deal during the week that a drink comes with a free antipasta . the space is large , and actually felt very un-pittsburgh to me , but i could n't place why .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ambience was nice but my meat was undercooked and they brought it back 20 min later very dry , not impressed would n't go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me start by saying i love the emerging and constantly evolving pittsburgh food scene . the options are ever changing and pushing the limits . i also love edison bulbs reclaimed wood and that industrial ambience that every single recent location has . that being said from the moment you walk in senti you realize it is different . it 's bright . it 's authentic . it has a warm italian welcome of the sincere and genuine owner . the menu is legit and is a true taste of italy with fresh ingredients and home made pastas . the wine list is superb . the service and setting is great . try the burrata appetizer , the lasagna and the tiramisu . this is a perfect location for a romantic night out or a celebration with friends . yes i will still be interested in that brand new restaurant down the street with a new take on pork and chalk board painted walls but today give me senti ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "senti is a refreshing experience with authenticity and soul . the immediate impact of the ambiance is open , bright and welcoming . the owner adds to the experience with his genuine warmth . the wine selection is fantastic and you should arrive early to take advantage of their fun wine machine . this machine allows you to taste small pours of potentially higher priced wines . just enjoy it , it is fun ! the food is authentic italian with fresh pastas and seasonal ingredients . we loved the tiramisu and definitely have the amaro if you enjoy after dinner drinks . the perfect spot for a celebratory experience with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good new restaurant ! the bread is homemade as well as the pasta dishes . i had the gnocchi , and my husband had the lasagna . the wine was very good as well . the highlight of the dinner was the desserts ! we had tiramisu , pana cotta , apple tart , and a flour less chocolate cake . each was better than the last ! the restaurant is very modern and trendy . franco was the manager at lidias and decided to open his own restaurant . much luck to him and the team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dry , overcooked food . slow service . money would be better spent elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yet another perfect experience at this lovely establishment ! ! ! if you have n't been you simply must go . it 's restaurant week in the burgh and though they were packed , the food was perfection and service was fantastic ! the place is perfection for the nights you just need to be able to trust the chef . clean yet inventive . i highly recommend the scallops . the wine list never disappoints . i especially love the wine bottles on tap . it 's an upscale tasting room in front and restaurant in the back . the decor is clean and modern . i ca n't think of a better place to grab some appetizers and a glass of wine , maybe it will turn into to dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for restaurant week and was not disappointed ! the prefix menu had a salad to start , a choice in entree ( pork and chicken or white fish ) , and tiramisu for dessert . i got the fish and it was so tender and flavorful . my bf got the duck and his mom got the pork chicken and we all loved our meals . we got the mussels to start and let me tell you , some of the best mussels i 've had . simple white wine sauce . the house made focaccia is super fresh and just delectable . will definitely be going back to try some of their pasta dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great wine , food was forgettable . chicken was a little undercooked , soup was very bland .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at first i was n't sure i was cool enough to eat at this restaurant . it 's fresh modern take on food is as enticing as it is delicious . i 'm so glad i decided to stick around and enjoy a wonderful meal that i will not soon forget . well done senti , well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for dinner last night with a friend . i loved the atmosphere . it 's decorated chic and modern but , had a more casual vibe to it which i liked . you could wear a dress or nice jeans if you wanted . the prices are reasonable for the area it 's located in and for how nice it is on the inside . entrees ranged from $ 18- $ 25 . the only thing negative i would say is it seemed like a smaller menu with maybe 6 entrees to pick from . although sometimes i find it nice to not have so many choices . overall i would definitely go back . for $ 43 plus tip i got a salad , entree , glass of wine , and dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had been wanting to try senti for a while after reading an article in the trib . we went on a saturday night with four other couples and had a great meal . the decor was nice - clean and modern . my wife and i both had the scallops special which was awesome . a good portion and very filling . others in the group had the roast pork , linguine , and probably something else that i am forgetting . everyone was very happy with the food - both quantity and quality . we skipped dessert but regretted it after seeing what others in the group ordered . luckily they offered us a bite ... amazing . we were a little concerned about service because most of the servers we saw looked pretty young but service turned out to be excellent . i would give senti a very high rating all around and would definitely recommend it . we 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really unfortunate experience here . came for the concept of the wine tasting options but the wine was probably old - definitely not a good representation of quality italian wine . the food was very mixed . the bread and the prosciutto appetizer were good , but anything that actually needed to be cooked or prepared was disappointing . the ribeye steak special was thin and very overlooked ( medium rare = mostly gray throughout , and tough ) . the fettuccini was overlooked and chewy . paired with the wine it all made sense together as a disappointment . for the price , this place is a huge letdown . if this were a $ 30 meal for two i would 've been impressed but for $ 200 , money would be better spent elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic apps , wine and dinner . impeccable service , beautiful venue ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "senti : a good , but forgettable meal . a friend had been wanting to try this place and i am always down for something new so was excited to check it out . most reviews are correct in that the place does feel a bit like a hotel lobby , but to its defense it does feel like a swanky nyc sushi restaurant , which i was totally comfortable with . the menu looked interesting , but it was the specials that sung to us during our visit . ordering the bronzino and the salmon , we also wanted to try a mix side dishes : the bread pudding and fried polenta . we were both pleasantly surprised by both but were quickly distracted with dessert . the best part of our meal was absolutely the tiramisu . it 's honestly the only part i remember because i remember thinking it was the perfect balance of having a coffee flavor with chocolate . i probably wo n't go back , except for maybe a glass of wine and more tiramisu !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "senti is still new . but i ca n't grade on a curve . the food was just average . nothing extraordinary . fine but not worth the 60 minutes it took to plate after the salads were removed . by the time the entrees arrived , hardly warm , we had consumed several bottles of expensive and unique to pittsburgh italian wines . perhaps that was the motivation . the manager seemed unaware as to the pacing and only bothered to say hello once the cheque had been presented .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! want to get screwed ? go to senti in lawrenceville . yup , food was ok , but do you really want to pay $ 28.00 for a 5 oz . glass of wine ? really , a mixed drink for $ 12 , and without any warning , the bill comes to the table . $ 28.00 for a 5 oz . glass of wine . a bottle that we can buy at the pa state store . guys , there are tons of great italian restaurants in pittsburgh . you do n't have to go to senti .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful new restaurant ! i was pleasantly surprised . everything was so delicious , service was prompt and attentive , free wifi , comfy hang out area by the bar , amazing artwork and very inexpensive for the quality of food served . there is parking across the street . the desserts are just evil . they are so scrumptious you will want to try everything ! the coffee budino is to die for ! i really like the wine dispenser too , you can buy a reload able card and serve yourself ! franco has some excellent wines to try . i will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible . poop central . waited forever ... .service slow as f ck at 8p saturday night . for a full size cheese plate if you enjoy 2 pieces of the same kind of cheese ( parmesan ) and 8 pieces of prociutto with no crackers..one measley piece of cauliflower the size of a fingernail , limp carrots , pickled celery and a raw onion bulb , then you 're in for a real treat ! bone appetite .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even if the food was n't good..but it is ... even if the atmosphere was bland . but.it is not..even if all the staff were n't just simply a joy to deal with ... but they are..this place would deserve attention because it 's an asset to a community that 's striving to make itself better..and that 's a plus for pittsburgh ... btw do n't forget the free parking in a secure lot across the street , , , you can dine and watch your vehicle..lawrenceville i see has now instituted pay parking on the street so dine at senti and save ! ... now as an aside..my martini was a bit small , and they definitely do n't over pour the wine..two fingers more for the price would have been perfect..and perhaps an amuse bouche would be a nice touch ... but hey this is a classy place with classy people and if that vibe is in your wheelhouse..you 're going to love senti . gary katocs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "senti has a really cool modern italian atmosphere . they have a great selection of wine ( although most of it is on the pricier side ) and a pretty good variety of meals . i had the fried eggplant dish and it was delicious and my friends really enjoyed the lasagna . my other friends tried the gnocchi and were not happy with it though . i also really enjoyed the mixed salad ... balsamic vinaigrette dressing was delicious . not giving it a full 5 stars because of how nasty the gnocchis were ( and i mean it 's an italian restaurant so there really is n't any excuse ) . would definitely recommend , but just be careful when choosing your entree since there seems to be some inconsistency .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had excellent service and the food was really great ! the bread was awesome . who does n't love complimentary bread ? it 's made in shop and you can order some for take home as well . ordered the veggie lasagna and the salmon . both excellent . the tiramisu is literally best i 've ever eaten . apple tart was the only thing that was blah . otherwise we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had a fabulous meal ! with lovely service ! they were very accommodating to our party of 8 for a last min change of plans to go . we enjoyed the lovely weather as we sat on their patio and each had such great appetizers , dinners , drinks , and desserts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had dinner here twice now . both times we felt the food and the service were top notch . in addition , the atmosphere is upscale without feeling stuffy . the restaurant is a `` cool '' kind of place and it felt very new `` yorky '' to be here . it is open and airy and the small bar is even a great place to pull your chair up and have some great wine and a bite . all in all , we feel this place is well worth it to eat here and enjoy the food and the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was very authentic . lasagna was n't very tomatoieee . the food felt fresh and prepared with details . the tiramisu is to die for . i highly recommend trying all the desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service & great food ! first i want to comment about the service , from hostess to servers were very professionally , well trained staff . the hostess made us feel welcome even though we did not have a reservation and arranged a table for us in a nice location . justin our server and zach who filled waters and boxed leftovers for us were also very nice and attentive . we had the pureed vegetable soup with italian ham ( ca n't spell it ) was light and refreshing without being over-salted as is the case with some establishments . my son had the scallop app and i had the stuffed squash flowers both tasty and well prepared . we also ordered lasagna and 1 2 chicken which we also liked very much . want to try the bronzino next time and also the tiramisu that everyone raves so much about . this restaurant is an excellent place for family , friends , or a romantic date night . looking forward to another delicious meal soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i very rarely have time for lunch . so i was excited to meet my wife out for a rare mid day date . senti was the place , contemporary , bright and cheerful . my server was delightful and attentive . it was a friday during lent so i was pleased to find fish on the menu . my wife had the salmon salad and i had the salmon entree . the fish was cooked perfectly and seasoned in a way that astonished me . probably the best piece of salmon i ever had . bravo , and keep up the great work . i cant wait to see what the chef will come up with in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really loved our meal at senti . our waitress kody was awesome . the salmon was fabulous ! the food presentation was beautiful ! . franco was very accommodating . he really takes pride in his establishment ! i loved the vibe . the decor was contemporary but very comfortable . i highly recommend . what a great night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved senti ! the homemade focaccia bread was out of this world as well as everything else i tasted . my favorite dish was the gnocchi with their house made burrata cheese . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best dining experience in pittsburgh ! ! ! they were courteous , accommodating and the provides the perfect fine dining experience . after a very disappointing reception at tender , we called senti in desperation inquiring if they were able to accommodate a large party on short notice . they welcomed us with warm and exemplary service . we were treated like queens and their food was to die for ... from the perfectly cooked duck to scrumptious squid ink pasta to the delicious vanilla pudding and donut holes . the sommeliar was knowledgeable and a perfect fine dining professional . he recommended the perfect wine for our palettes and did not once allowed us to pour our own wine ( as should be ! ) . i 'm so impressed with this place that i will shout to the moon and back how great a restaurant senti is ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here last night for the first time . the food presentation was nice , but was a bit bland . tiramisu was very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this will be a short update to our first review of senti . to get straight to the point , the service issue has been resolved if last night 's dinner was representative of the place . service was excellent , and it was the same waitress who severely disappointed us the last time . now if they would put some california chardonnay on the wine list they might warrant five stars . i get the point of offering only italian wines in an italian restaurant , but the food world should stop being politically correct and come out and admit that italian whites range from poor to absolutely undrinkable . the reds , of course , compensate , so why not just admit it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went tonight , and a wonderful time . the decor is one that is very modern , comfortable and very inviting . being a very selective eater the waitress really made the meal a great experience . from the wine selection to the food everything i tried was a delightful especially the coffee pudding . you truly get the experience of higher class dining from the ambiance to the quality of food but at a fraction of the price . this restaurant is just a wonderful addition to pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited there with a few girlfriends and all of us enjoyed it very much . the food was all delicious and no one even left enough to take home a doggie bag . our waitress ( marissa ? ca n't remember her name ) was great . attentive but not intrusive . the restaurant is very nice . sleek and modern . definitely worth another visit soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a interesting restaurant with a modern flair that is well worth a visit . service staff was competent , pleasant , and a little offbeat , which was fine with me . i liked that they had interesting cocktail specials ( all involving blood orange flavor the night we visited ) . the pasta was definitely good , but not great , which some 5-star reviews have suggested . it 's not like eating in italy , but the recipes have interesting twists . recommend the tagliatelli puttanesca which was soft , rich , and delivered the right level of puttanesca spiciness . desserts were similarly good . what i liked most about this restaurant was the value of a gourmet experience and the laid back atmosphere . it 's classy , but not stuffy . one feels welcome to linger and enjoy the whole meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots to like - it feels sleek and cool . service is impeccable . cocktails were great and we enjoyed everything we ate - the lasagna is outstanding and they treat vegetables with respect . i 'd recommend checking it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we will be back ! lawrenceville needed a place like this . from appetizer to entree ... .bravo ! delicious wines and cocktails . bright , hip , urban atmosphere sets it apart from other restaurants in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived on friday at 7:45 for our reservations . took about 10 extra minutes to be seated so we appreciated the beautiful art and decor . it was not super busy which was nice- less noise . we ordered the lasagna and salads and were very pleased . brian , our waiter , was very courteous . the music was at a soft volume and it was mellow jazz very conducive to conversations and dinner . some contemporary italian music would have been great . i would definitely return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding in every way ! we are from cincinnati & dine out at this level quite often , so i believe an experienced `` foodie '' . thus , a 5 star rating ... i was surprised at the scope of the menu ... many offerings in each category ... . appetizers , 1st , 2nd , & 3rd courses.. something delicious for everyone ... ..sofia 's was our server ( delightful ) . we even chatted with franco the charming owner who stopped by to sat hello . go . enjoy ! foodieq", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nice dinner . excellent food with attentive waitstaff . would defiantly recommend it and would go again . highlights were the fish special , lasagna and lemon dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent dinner here tonight with a group of professional women . we had several bottles of wine , appetizers , entrees and desserts . all of the courses were delicious and the staff were so warm , accommodating and friendly . we had a great night at senti !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stephanie s could not have said it better . i had exactly the same experience . i did need a lawyer after this lawyer , to do the original work ! i was taken advantage of , threatened , unbelievably overbilled , criticized , and just plain belittled at every turn . this guy is a menace to society . really sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paul rowley is truly one of the very best . he conducted himself in the utmost professional manner is all of our meetings . he took on my divorce , even though he was n't accepting new clients and immediately began negotiating the terms of my divorce . if it was n't for him i would have never had been allowed to relocate to tennessee . i can never thank this man enough for giving me my life back . not to mention he is a bull dog and went after my ex in a mediation type conference we had for being disrespectful and demeaning to me . if you want the best of the best he is it . i think when people do n't get all the things they ask for they post negative things about their attorney and this could be my only thought to these other individuals posts . he is the first person i recommend people to call in these kind of matters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my ex filed a fraudulent bankruptcy , blatantly lied on the stand , and i proved that our business did well , however , i do n't know if it was the judge or my attorney but i walked away with nothing but $ 50,000 in attorney fees . after that i was moved from paul as my attorney to nathaniel and i ended up paying him $ 8,000 for literally nothing . when my ex stated in a judgment debtor exam that he did n't remember his current wife 's maiden name or when they were married , nathaniel merely stated `` he must have a bad memory . '' a decent attorney should realize that 's a lie and would not have accepted those answers in a legal proceeding .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've used this law firm countless times for estate planning and they are beyond wonderful in every circumstance . the entire staff is friendly , reliable and truly experts in their field . i would n't trust anyone else with my precious family 's estate ! they also handled a car accident for me ... and i was amazed at how easy they made it . i nearly lost my pregnancy because of it and there 's no way i could 've handled it all on my own . they came to my house and did all the work for me ... i 'm seriously in awe of what they were able to do ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we began working with rc & b last summer , and they delivered awesome communication the entire way through . their legal services are also cost-effective & high quality . if you 're in the mesa arizona area , and looking for a trustworthy group of dedicated lawyers to work diligently with you , this is the firm you want in your corner . if you call , ask for taryn ... she 's extremely nice & helpful , and will definitely lead you in the right direction . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only law firm in the east valley that i will wholeheartedly trust . kenneth barney is an absolutely amazing attorney ! we hired him for the estate planning of my deceased father almost ten years ago . he helped us pick up the pieces and we would not have made it through those trying times without him . saying that he is a lifesaver would be an understatement !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this law firm rowley , chapman & barney exceeded our expectations . this firm is fair , honest and trustworthy . nathaniel wadsworth handled our case which involved a business dispute with a contractor . he was such a pleasure to work with . he is knowledgeable , professional and was attentive to our case , as was the entire team . throughout the entire process , the attorneys , paralegals and staff at this firm delivered quality and timely communication . their legal services are also cost-effective and reasonably priced for the high quality attention you will receive . whether you are in mesa or around the valley , they are worth the drive . if you are looking for a trustworthy , honest group of dedicated lawyers to work diligently with you , this is the firm to hire !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with scott for several months and have been completely happy with the service level . he recently referred me to ken to help me out with some recent life changes , and ken was equally helpful and informative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pual lynde show was excellent ! i really enjoyed the paul lynde show at bally 's las vegas hotel and casino . michael airington looked , sounded , and acted just like paul lynde . i thought the way he incorporated paul 's longtime stint on hollywood squares into the show was absolutely brilliant ! i also learned some very interesting things about paul 's life as a youth , as well as a celebrity . you should definitely see this show ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i saw this show today . i remember paul lynde from both hollywood squares and bewitched ; my husband had never seen either show and so had no clue who paul lynde was . we both had a ball , laughing from start to finish . this is both a comedy show recreating a lot of paul lynde 's performances but also a well written biography . the audience is engaged in the show which also includes a very talented band who provide great sound effects as well as music . highly recommend . well worth the money . theatre is comfortable . would definitely do this one a second time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a ducati 1098 with almost 40,000 miles on it . the only reason it has gotten that far is because of irish mike . and the only place you can find irish at is lv motorcycle rentals and repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a place to get service done on a ducati , this is the place . took the bike in this morning and they had it back to me in less than three hours . while doing the standard 600 mile service , irish mike noticed a strange vibration and took the exhaust apart to find a loose washer . even with the extra work , the bill was less than what they quoted . overall , the staff was friendly and the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irish mike is the only person i will let work on my bikes . after months of searching for someone who knew what they were doing in this town , i was recommended here . mike is totally honest , communicative , helpful , knows just about everything about motorcycles , and he does what he says he 's going to do . good motorcycle shops are hard to find and i highly highly recommend irish mike . do yourself a favor ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "expensive bike = higher prices , but you had better know that before buying a ducati . was on way to pike 's peak and needed service before i went . i paid more than i expected , but had zero doubts about servicing when taking twisties at 10,000 ft. worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not sign up with this gym . this company is purely bait and switch ... they did it in scottsdale and they 'll do it at every location . paid for a year in advance then they sold the gym to another owner who changed the gym to $ 300+ month ... no refund , no communication . nothing . the worst part ? no response to my emails and calls ... at least 5 emails and 10 phone calls . no response whatsoever . zero stars would be much more accurate for this company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best gyms in the valley ! mainly on the nw side however have been growing rapidly in the last few years . owners and staff are awesome . get a membership before they start raising the prices because it 's too good of a gym to not increase rates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small , clean , great variety of equipment , friendly staff , great experience here as with all the fitness 1 centers . way better than a la fitness or as my boy put it `` the walmart of fitness centers `` lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gym . small , friendly atmosphere but if you are serious about strength training do n't let the small size scare you away ! ! they have dumbbells up to 150 lbs and everything you need to train hard ! ! staff is awesome ! everything is brand new and they have it all ! i am leaving a large , iconic gym in gilbert area because recent changes have ruined it but i was thrilled to find this little gem that has everything i need ! ! ! ! tyler johnson helped set up my membership and he was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the theme park chain has pulled in this outside food source . the food was acceptable but the service was ridiculously slow . we ordered fries and a sprite . total was $ 13.62 . i gave the cashier $ 15.02 . he returned the two pennies unclear on what to do with the change . we watched the kitchen staff fumble to put together orders . one woman could answer where the ketchup was ( a bottle on every table ) . we waited for 15 minutes for one order of fries ... ..which say on a shelf just out of arms reach the whole time . fries were decent but even on a slow day , prepare to wait . reasonable beer selection , including natty greene 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "checked this place out cause friends rave about it , unfortunatley it doesnt live up to the hype , they offer no combinations for any products served indiviual pricing for every item on the menu . would have had better service from the dead in a cemetry , have signs posted rated # 1 sports bar in north america by espn ... they must have gotten those guys drunk that did that rating . dont even have lids or straws for drinks that are ordered with the prices they charging they could afford it . too top it not even a restroom in the joint makes you wonder how the employees wash their hands . honestly the worst $ 70.00 i ever spent next time just take the kids to mcdonalds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is pretty bad . workers are n't unfriendly just seem to have no training . you order and pay at one station , receive your drink at another station , and your food at another beyond that . however 1. no one tells you this and 2. there are no signs that indicate this , you kind of have to figure it out and ask other bewildered starving customers . also it 's just skinny crinkle cut fries with old bay seasoning . i wish people would stop using `` crab '' as an adjective when they really just mean they used old bay , it can be used for anything ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service here was incredibly bad and slow . something when wrong in the system . and we ended up waiting for our food for 30 mins while we were first in line . the food did no taste good . the put the tomato sauce on top of the cheese . i do n't recommend this restraunt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food for amusement park but they can do better with their service ... .so darn slow", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i never go anywhere else best massages and pedicures ! only place i can show a picture to and they will do exactly what i ask ! love them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect gel mani and standard pedi ! ! the staff is so friendly and helpful . they squeezed me right in and catered to me the entire time . they were so sweet and my nails are perfect ! ! i will definitely be back : ) i 'm so happy i discovered this little gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this nail salon ! the nail technicians do an awesome job and i have never had a bad experience . they also give you hot stone massages with a pedicure which is just so relaxing . i would recommend going here to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give 4 stars if they had better massage chairs . that 's one of the things i really like about getting a pedicure - an hour-long relaxing back massage but i could barely feel any massage here . friendly and professional staff . good variety of polish colors ( opi ) & gels .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sure -- this cafe is located in a department store . yes , you 're probably not expecting much . but maybe that 's why it just smacks you in the face with awesome . this is my favorite lunch spot when i 'm in the beachwood area . they 've got healthy options and cheat options -- but it 's all comfort , diner-style fare . i almost always get a bowl of their scratch-made matzo ball soup , which comes with huge hunks of pulled chicken , tender veggies and noodles , too ! last time around i indulged in a blta , sans maybe and swapped in sourdough . ermahgerd . how can something so simple be so delicious ? i never finish sandwiches , but this one disappeared quickly . it was also served with these shoestring-style fries that made.my.life . service is not what you 'd expect in a restaurant inside nordstom . you 'll feel like you 're dining at a 5-start restaurant downtown . craziness . i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad i noticed this place conveniently nestled in nordstrom . forget the food court maggiano 's . this is now my place to go after getting my cardio ( shopping ) in . they have great salads sandwiches . it 's nice and quiet , unlikel the other noisy and overcrowded options . plus , i 'm afraid of getting jumped in the food court if i accidentally step on someone 's jordan 's : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had to wait 20 minutes for a late lunch but wow was it worth it ! i had low expectations for a restaurant located inside nordstrom 's . the service was excellent shawn was very attentive ! reuben , french dip , fries and coleslaw all excellent a must visit restaurant during a long day of shopping at beachwood place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sixth & pine aka nordstrom yep , nordstrom in beechwood has a restaurant , well more like a cool place ( photos from the jazz age hang on the wall ) for a simple breakfast or to grab a bite to eat . its clean , well lit , simple two page menu with soups , sandwiches , salads and prime plates . my favorites are the crusted salmon and fish n chips . they have a surprisingly good selection of wine and beer . the pricing is lower than you 'd expect given the location and quality of food and service . it 's a perfect affordable place to take a coworker or business contact for lunch . i love having breakfast alone there , easy to get lost in the classic jazz songs they play and the good coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the salmon with risotto . it was wonderful ! started with matzo ball soup which was just ok , definitely not authentic like nate and al 's in beverly hills . rice pudding for dessert , also very good . this place was not busy at all , a few scattered tables , but the service was neither timely or efficient . thankfully the soup came first and actually had a spoon . when i asked a random waiter to bring me napkins ( hello , i 'm eating soup and need my place setting ) said he would bring a couple of paper napkins ? ! i thought , okay , so how could he not notice that i had no table setting at all and specify paper ? ? apparently i needed to spell out the obvious . if i were to return i would probably sit at the counter where it 's much more difficult to ignore the customers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to be our go-to place for a quick bite to eat . lately , the service and quality has deteriorated . not sure if there has been a management or staff change or a change with the chef . hope things turn around . it is very convenient .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this diner-type restaurant seemed quite empty when i was in ( despite being there during prime-time . the service was great for the most part ( the hostess could have been much friendlier , but otherwise the server was great from the get-go ! ) . the menu is extensive and the food was terrific for what it is . this place really deserves to be fuller . will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection . great service . casual . definitely comfortable for the whole family . the quality is high -just not as high as the blurb in the menu about `` highest quality organic , local ingredients . '' i have been here several times for lunch and the quality does n't ever really change . i will return for lunch . i wish they served breakfast items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate the best french dip sandwich of my life at sixth & pine . i was blown away by it . good salad too ! great place for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "casual restaurant inside of nordstrom . i had the warm salmon salad and it was perfectly prepared . paired my salmon with a ricotta and tomato jam jar that did not disappoint . the server did recommend a great italian white wine that was also good . great service and good casual food that beats out all other mall options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food selection , very nice atmosphere , kind and courteous staff . one of my favorite spots in beachwood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brand new in the rivergate plaza , this tcby has yogurt and toppings in a similar manner that is appearing everywhere . i especially liked that they had some of the crank dispenser doo-dads so that i could have things that had n't been sneezed on and handled by rugrats before they went into my dessert . yes , they had scoopable toppings as well . grab your bowl , fill it with frozen yogurt , top it , pay by weight . easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hours are great at this location - stays open late ! fairly clean store and does not get too busy for the most part . has added some outdoor seating on the side of the building which is great . have eight options of fro yo on the wall which is okay . topping bar is pretty ample though . have lots of choices there . also has some pump chocolate and i think caramel ( do n't usually go for those ) . overall one of the better fro yo joints in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dark and vacant - took my daughter there and i almost thought it was closed . very dark and no one in sight . when we walked in still no one seemed to be around so we started to chat a little hoping someone would hear us . guy finally came out from the back and looked totally annoyed . one of the dispensers was stuck and he offered no assistance . finally picked another one and got the cup to go . not even a `` hey , how are you '' at the register . rang us up and we left ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very clean , yogurts are great not as many choices ! perfect place for kids love the furniture and the atmosphere . 54cents an oz little pricey but good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "el milagro , which means `` the miracle '' in spanish , is literally a miracle in beechview . every time i eat there i am made to feel as if i were a guest in the owners ' home . the meals are homemade quality and super-delicious . the food is decidedly not oily and the full meals on the inside of the menu and the tacos , burritos , quesadillas , and sopes listed on the back are the real thing . no beer or wine but feel free to bring alcohol in from the bar next door , from the one around the corner ( which is open on sundays ) or from home ! prices are reasonable . service is friendly and attentive . the mostly mexican or other latin crowd and the tv showing mexican shows lends to a feeling that i have hopped a plane for monterrey ! i love el milagro ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend came home from work one day and said that one of his coworkers whose husband was born and raised in mexico , had said that el milagro is the most like authentic mexican food that he has ever had in a restaurant . mexican food might be our favorite , so we had to go . it is amazing . the restaurant itself is nothing great , and the one and only reason i did n't give a full 5 stars . but the food is awesome . the homemade chips and salsa were out of this world . next time we go i 'll be buying a bag of chips to take home . i forget what i got for an entree but i remember thinking it was so good . definitely try this place , it 's a hidden gem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pittsburgh just did n't have any good authentic mexican restaurants . enter el milagro . since we discovered it a few months ago we 've been going at least twice a month . in fact , we 're going to take my parents there tonight ! it 's not the most glamorous place , but i think the best food comes from non-assuming places . we 've ordered a variety of things . my favorite is the chorizo & egg torta . it 's morphed into my go to menu item . we 've tried pretty much all the tacos and a variety of other menu items . my husband speaks enough spanish to order with the waitress , but make sure to bring your phone and google translate some of the spanish only menu items . we highly recommend el milagro . take all your friends and keep this excellent mexican place in business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm half mexican , so i grew up eating a lot of authentic homemade mexican food . el milagros is by far the most authentic mexican food i 've had in pittsburgh . i did n't hear a word of english while i was there other than by my girlfriend and i . the atmosphere is a little old and not the cleanest , but that immediately told me i was going to be eating good mexican food . the chips and salsa were incredible . chips were extra thick and crunchy , and the salsa verde was very spicy . i had lengua tacos ( beef tongue ) and chorizo . so good ! the radishes add a nice crunch and i used the salsa from the chips to add some extra heat . i 'll definitely be back to el milagro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! i stopped in to check it out . kind of like going to someone 's house and them cooking for you . i had the chicken flautas and loved it . freshly made , just enough spice with the salsa verde . home cooked feel . i 'll definitely be coming back many many times !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem of a place in pittsburgh for mexican food . this was our first visit and the place did not disappoint us . we are sure to visit here again to try the other items on the menu . their portions are pretty big and for the price , i would say it 's cheap ! it 's not like any other restaurant , simple interiors , good enough chairs to sit and enjoy the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a pretty neat place , definitely with an authentic feel . as we were waiting for our food , it was pretty clear that this is often visited by the ethnic community , seeing as many were regulars . the interior was quite spacious with lots of tables , there was a small little market pantry area , and they have an open kitchen if you 're interested in peeking in while they 're cooking . their portions are bigger than we expected ; the menu , while colorful and pretty , definitely seems to understate how much food there is ! as others have mentioned , knowing some spanish will help here , as it seems that the nice ladies prefer to communicate that way . everything seems to be cooked fresh and flavorful , as these kinds of mexican dishes should be . definitely worth the trip out here even if you 're in the city !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm glad to have a mexican restaurant so close . loved their tacos . they do takeout , which is convenient for us . they also sell mexican groceries and sodas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was completely impressed ! when we walked in , the decor was n't all that which made me think this is all about the food , and it was . authentic and tasty . met and spoke with the owner and was taken by his hard working ethic ! can not wait to go back and try something different ! again , dont judge by appearances - give it a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "legitimate real deal mexican . the place is no frills . the service is not always the most friendly and sometimes the language barrier leaves me uncertain of what i actually will be eating . the chilaquiles are phenomenal & better than any i 've had including in playa del carmen ! add the chicken to them . i always get the chicken tacos , rice and beans and i 'm never let down . i love the fresh radish & cilantro . they usually take your appetizer order with your main course . everything comes out at once or you get your meal then your chilaquiles . i would advise ordering the appetizer and when it comes out order your main course . i 'm always stuffed when i leave . the food is really delicious . oh ! did i mention its byob ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hmmm , i hate to give a small business a so-so review , but i have to say it was just ... so-so . portions were large , but that was about it -- it was basic mexican fare , no different from any other ... wo n't return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is legit . chorizo tacos were spicy and perfect . even the rice was amazing . i will definitely come back . next time i 'll be hungrier as only having 2 tacos simply did not allow me to eat as much as i would have liked . they take credit cards but we tipped in cash . like others have said , i wish i would have found this sooner , even though from outside it does n't seem like it 's for real . it is real .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! ! ! this is the place for authentic mexican . i had the vegetarian enchiladas verde . the veg . version cost a bit extra but it was so worth it and most divine as it came with plentiful and fresh avocado . the tomatillo salsa had the perfect amount if spice and flavor . hubby had veggie flautas ; i inly had a bite but he seemed to enjoy them . this is a small but active place in beechview with a tiny mexican grocery on the side . byob .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too shabby . well the atmosphere is a bit shabby , but the food is entirely authentic and after years of time spent in latin america i feel qualified to levy that judgement . huge portions , so order on the conservative side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i wo n't give this 5 stars is because it is not fancy at all ! ! ! i 'm s a bare bones operation , but do n't be afraid . the food is authentic and very good . spice level is high . beware of the complimentary sauces placed on the table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "real mexican food in pittsburgh ? hell yea ! probably the most authentic i 've had in pittsburgh . tacos were great and sopes were n't bad . will be back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic tacos ! carnitas was my favorite but asada was great as well . got a cheese quesadillas for the kiddos . they serve a delicious green salsa that 's super spicy and great on everything . we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tacos here rival las palmas . cant help yourself to toppings , but full of flavor nonetheless . i expected more out of the fajitas , but i guess im use to the tex mex variety", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not what i expected . do n't come here expecting an amazing ambiance . heavy fluorescent lighting and loud refrigerators will accompany your dining experience . when we went some of the meats we unavailable too . i thought it was a little expensive for what it was . an order of chicken mole , 4 tacos and drinks came to almost $ 30 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food , super sketchy restaurant . the staff are nice , but the language barrier can be an issue . come prepared with what you want , and they 'll treat you to a delicious meal . best before sundown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a typical restaurant , but i did n't care . just give me good food . most authentic meixcan food in pittsburgh . my first time there , it was a little hard figuring out the menu and communicating with the staff , but once i got my food , i was more than satisfied with the quantity , quality , and the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! have to say one of the best restaurants in pittsburgh ! they 've added more tables too ! i had the enchiladas verde vegetarian and my boyfriend the steak chiquila ( sp ) creamy deliciousness . the peppers in my vegetarian were the best i 've ever had . we also tries a vegetarian taco with fresh cilantro , peppers , and radishes . the food was perfectly spiced and the salsa was fantastic ! another great restaurant in beechview on broadway . you have to try it as it 's the best mexican in the area . we will be back to try the entire menu that is guaranteed . very impressed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , i 'm very happy to find something to replace long lost california taco in my heart and in my stomach . very casual and fine with us byobing . most importantly , we all were very happy with the food which did not have that typical mid-western mexican food taste . ironically , i 've never seen a surcharge for the vegetarian version , but no complaints as it was well worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "serious mexican . do n't be off put by the fact that it looks like a mexican convenience store . walk to the back and have a seat ( if one is free ) . the two ladies in back are going to cook you some of the best mexican of your life ( do n't roll your eyes . i know mexican food . just trust me ) i had the green enchiladas , though the mexican construction workers next to me had the lengua torta ( tongue sandwich ) and it looked a-maz-ing . go here , do n't be intimidated . eat everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it is a little ugly hole in the wall that makes the best tacos ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get 1 campechano ( or carnitas ) taco ; get 1 milanesa torta ; get 1 mexican soda . enjoy . be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , authentic food . tacos de carne asada i highly recommend . their salsa verde is the best i 've had . tortillas pan fried too . byob ! ! stop next door on your way in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super authentic and delicious . the portions and prices are great . there may be a bit of a language barrier if you are n't fluent but they were very nice . the interior offers no decoration but you come for the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had 3 tacos de carne asada , rice and beans . i went ham on the tacos , best tacos in pittsburgh . reminds me of the tacos back home in chicago , where i would move back just because of the food . the rice i have to say however , was not so good . not good at all . i do n't even know what to say about the beans , as they taste weird . i do n't what to compare them to . from a can ? too watery ? who knows . the restaurant itself is nothing more than a mexican joint . which is cool because that is what it is . though poor rice and beans , i gave this review 4 stars because the tacos were just way too good for you not to try . it 's a must . definitely will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has incredible authentic mexican food . it is not your typical mexican restaurant that you go for atmosphere . staff is friendly and the food is incredible . food comes back quick . bistec mexicano , enchiladas verdes and fajitas are my favorite , but i have not had a bad meal here yet in over 40 times eating here . tacos are good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hole in the wall but great food . fresh and prepared to order . price is great ! can not beat this please will visit when in pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was extremely disappointed with el milagro . i went here with high hopes of finding quality mexican food in pittsburgh , but was very let down . my boyfriend is from oaxaca mexico , the culinary mecca of mexico , so we 've had many amazing mexican dining experiences over the years . this was sadly not one of them . the chips and tortillas were very greasy , the quality of the meat products was low , the salsa was a strange pea-soup green ( not salsa verde or guacamole ) and they served my food on a burned styrofoam plate . even the service was poor - many of the workers seemed to lack caring about the quality of the food and the environment . please do not think you 're getting `` authentic '' mexican food just because you 're eating at el milagro . there 's much better out there . it 's food like this that gives a bad name to the vibrant mexican culture and their gastronomy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "authentic mexican food with a oaxacan influence . the enchiladas are superb - particularly the mole and the verde . i have not had anything that good outside of mexico . a huge platter is $ 12.00 the appetizer chips are freshly fried . there are mexican soft drinks . it is byob . there is on street parking . the setting is very basic . the service can be slow - but always friendly . for me , the setting and service are what i would expect at a restaurant in mexico . if you go with the expectation of a hip well styled space with excellent , prompt and attentive service - you will be disappointed . if you go expecting great , authentic food , your expectations will be exceeded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a group of ~12 of us came in for dinner one friday night last year . the staff were super accomodating to our large group and were great about taking our orders and had everything prepared as ordered . whiie it took an extra bit to get our food , it was worth it ! everyone really enjoyed their meal . my enchiladas verdes were fantastic . they let us byob which was nice . the place is really low key and low frills but highly recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "david has nailed it . el milagro is authentic mexican cuisine . and the staff is super friendly ; you feel right at home . i highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was absolutely blown away by the quality of work done here . i somewhat knew what to expect when a buddy over at gc referred me here rather than going through their in-house techs . i too brought in the ol ' axe in for a setup ( initially ) and wound up getting a re-fret with stainless and new tuners . although i managed to get otd with just the noted services , i really appreciated nick going out of his way to adjust the bridge , dress up a body blemish , and install a new input jack . awesome dude . again , the work overall was impeccable . the guitar has great sustain now and even stays in tune when using the whammy . great cosmetics . felt like i was picking up a brand new guitar . do n't just take my word for it , check out the pics . definitely my new go-to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys set up my gibson hummingbird and did a wonderful job . could n't have asked for anything better and very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nc guitar works did an amazing job restoring a vintage guitar that my father in law played before he passed away . on a short deadline and with plenty of sentimental attachment , they were able to restore the guitar to display ( or play ) quality just in time for me to present it to my wife before christmas . i would easily recommend these guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you nick , after you repaired the separating bridge and shined up my beloved takamine 12 string she feels brand new and actually plays and sounds better then ever . the cozart 12 string strat copy you set up all i can say is wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it plays and sounds super . you are indeed a master and i am very pleased with the results . the telecaster copy and my baby taylor will be in your gifted hands soon : ) thanks frank parker jr filkferret", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a big part of any wireless provider is the customer service . i recently switched to at & t and ran into a snafu right out of the gate -- so i crossed my fingers and headed to this store . walking in the door , i was greeted by a handful of friendly employees eager to help me . a family came in while i was being served and they were treated just as well . within 5 minutes , i was in and out , my problem was solved , and the employees had answered a couple additional questions i had . definitely an improvement over the clueless stoners at big magenta phone corp , and it definitely started our relationship off on the right foot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for my most recent experience . i called ahead yesterday to make sure the new phone i wanted to pick up was available . i spoke to brittany she said they had it in stock , and told me to ask for her when i arrive , so i headed down on my way . on my way down i called at & t to make sure i was eligible for an upgrade , and i was : - ) . upon arriving i asked for brittany , she helped me immediately and had the phone ready right away . everything was done and switched over within 15 minutes . i purchase a new phone about once a year , and this was the easiest and most pleasant phone buying experience i 've had in a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they lied about what they were able to help with . they lied and when were confronted with the facts they tried to pass it off on the att national . do not go here and spread the word that att will take your money and after that if there are issues , they just pass the buck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been helped by adam b. at this location a few times ... awesome service , and this guy really knows his stuff ! we will continue to come to this location for everything involving our at & t phones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just upgraded at this store to the iphone 6 & 6 plus today . we were greeted promptly and were with a sales rep within a few minutes . our sales rep , earl , did a great job helping us from start to finish . we were able to get a decent deal on a new plan , with more data . will definitely be back to this store with any other needs for at & t !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought the new iphone 6s after having a 6 plus . now my apple watch is not working correctly with the now phone . all i wanted to do is return the 6s and go back to my 6 plus . now they want a restocking fee of $ 35 . what happened to customer service with at & t . this will be the last phone i get with them . we already canceled digital life because of the poor service . i would n't recommend anyone to apple or at & t .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just left this location and had the worst experience i have ever had with any company . went in with a high need of help and the front door man glanced at my phone then before i could even say much he says `` we do n't fix phones here '' and he repeated that he could n't help me with out even sitting me down to look up my account . i was prepared to buy a new phone if that was my only option but he did n't even hint the idea of wanting to help me with my cell phone issues . note : i enjoy at & t service and happy to be their customer but that was horrible service from that location i do not recommend them at all . the one in chandler fashion mall is close and much better service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very poor customer service with at & t . any upgrades or changes ever made cause issues , requiring hours to correct . find a different carrier as these jokers are not worth dealing with unless you enjoy correcting other people 's mistakes on a monthly basis .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the more authentic cantonese restaurants to be found in edinburgh . as usual , there is a 'chinese ' menu and a 'westerner 's ' menu , the latter catered a bit more to the western palate . we had the salt and pepper squid ( definitely a winner ) , the char siu ( best i 've had in edinburgh ) , and a traditional seafood clay pot . while the curb appeal and the decor leaves passerby 's unsure of the quality inside , the food is definitely worth sitting in for and enjoying ! we will be back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not eaten in so ca n't say much about the decor , the exterior had always put me off going in everything time i 'd walked past . but it came highly recommended from a friend so decided to take the plunge and order some takeout . ordered the set dinner for 2 . opting for spicy tofu in place of the beef with black bean . everything was very tasty and nothing was over under seasoned which is a pleasant change from some of the other takeout i 've had ! i believe they are also msg free which is a major major bonus in my books ! considering it 's now not far from my flat . i envisage getting food from here again and probably pretty soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hidden away in plain view on london road ( dalziel place ) , xanadu really is worth a trip into part of edinburgh not generally associated with restaurants . cards on the tables display not only specials of the day but also a promise that no msg is used . while dishes are standard chinese uk restaurant fare , the freshness of the ingredients is evident and tasty . favourites include spare ribs as a starter and kung po king prawns or crispy shredded beef as a main . downsides are the slightly institutional feel of the decor and the classic pop hits on chinese instruments piped muzak . an additional plus is the friendliness of the staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great chinese take-away . i 've never eaten in the restaurant , because i just live along the road , but do n't let the somewhat cliched decor put you off . the food is delightful , fresh , filling and not stuffed with msg . i love the crab and sweetcorn soup , the chilli and honey shredded chicken and the sweet and sour prawns .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "xanadu is the exotic name of a chinese restaurant n the bosom of the busy london road in edinburgh . it offers a warm and relaxing atmosphere adding to it a 30 years of cooking experience of the chef of the place . the restaurant has a special selection of cantonese flavoured specialties of home cooked dishes - from the so popular peking duck to cowboy in honeymoon ( shredded fillet of beef with peaches and sugar snap peas ) , tropical chicken boat ( chicken , mango and pineapple ) , and the savoury lobster with ginger and spring onions , served with noodles . the range of seafood meals is also impressive ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! i 'm so upset that so how rude i was beening treated , i went in there for shoes & clothes . i found one that i liked so i was holding one shoe and asked the lady ( well first , she was ignoring me when i went up to her she pretended that she was doing something when matter affect she look dumb running left to right behide the cash register : ) ) when i finally get her attention and asked to try to shoe in my size , you told that the one i 'm holding in my hand is my size . unbelievable ! ! ! i was so pissed off i drop the shoe and walk out.. i 'm so sad because i love their stuff . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great staff and they are not pushy and all over you ! ! the woman that assisted me was so sweet and found me exactly what i was looking for ! ! the sales are amazing and i will continue to make this my first stop when clothes shopping ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection and prices , staff was very helpful . will definitely visit again when we are in the mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after giving them a 5 star review , boy , did another sales lady set me straight . i have always been annoyed that none of their stores can look up previous purchases or receipts , so as a result , i 've been good about keeping all of them . if you bring back an item without the receipt , they will only give you store credit . this time around , though , i threw out the receipt before deciding to return something . i told the sales person that i thought that was a really bad method and she responded that it 's an old pos system , but it 's `` better for privacy , '' and , actually , `` i think it 's much better that way , '' she said . what ? ! whatever . little does she know that after a ton of discounts applied to my purchase , i actually got that dress for significantly less than she credited me . so eat it , mean sales lady .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super disappointed with their exchange policy . i shop here a lot for work and have always been really happy . i needed to exchange not return two items and because i unable to make it in until 52 days after purchase instead of the 45 they basically gave me 1 3 of what i paid . i spend a few hundred dollars a month here.. pretty disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first gold badge yelp event and i was very happy and thankful for the experience . my assigned table mates were the best as we shared a lot of stories and laughs ! i really had a lot of fun enjoying the presence of chef paco and his staff crew which provided a 5 star experience . a few of my favorites were the guacamole , fish taco and the super creamy and rich flan ! thank you to chef paco 's grandma for that wonderful gift of flavor ! the event was fun , small and intimate . the service and staff at el dorado cantina is top notch ! they really treated us like vip and devoted a lot of time to us to give us the best experience ever . it was a pleasure to meet sweetheart taylor ! i just adore this cutie who is more than happy to give lots of hugs which i love ! thank you el dorado cantina , taylor , yelp and everyone involved that pulled off this fun event for us yelp gold badge elites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a roll ! another taylor tour de force ! i did n't eat for two days after this event . and now looking at the pictures i ca n't wait to go back ! i particularly enjoyed chef paco being on hand to walk us thru each course . it was harder to pay attention after the 1942 patron shots ! if this was a portent of things to come , it 's going to be a great yelp elite year ! so to all you non-elites , get off your duffs , write some review make yelp friends , and who knows , you could be at the next event ! live it up you are in las vegas for cryin ' out loud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location on several occasions . it 's always very clean and the staff seems very friendly . i have never had an issue with anything i 've ordered before . i was surprised that this location delivers too if you order more than $ 20 worth . have never tried this service but it seems very convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we have all been to our share of subways , some bad some good . but this place really sets the standards very high . i am very big on cleanliness and this place is top notch . the staff were all very friendly even at the end of the night . the bread is very different than that of others very fresh and fluffy . love it . i will be returning here time after time and telling all my friends about this subway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best sandwich i ever had was at this store about a week ago . i 've been to many different subway stores , and while some are better than others , none have been able to get it 100 % right until i got a subway club 12 '' from here . the employee briana made it just perfect on the toppings and the toast settings . maybe it 's just me , but the bread seemed a lot more fresh than from the other subways i 've stopped in to . everything about this place was quality , and it seems to be one of the cleaner stores , too . glad i stopped in here the day i did . i seldom tip fast food , but i decided to this time . it was totally worth it . ( visited on 8 13 15 i think )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i consistently have a superior experience in this store . friendliness , cleanliness , and quality are above most other subways . i have been in about a million subways in my travels , and i 'm lucky that this one is in my neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just left this location . the young man that made my sandwich here at 8:00pm on a sunday was very respectful and did a very good job . i appreciated his hospitality . i have eaten at many different subway locations and was very pleased with my experience at this one . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great restaurant . however their flat bread breakfast sandwich is a disaster . what a contrast to their amazing toasted sandwiches ! i will never make the mistake of having their breakfast sandwich ever again . i took one look at their cold mini pre prepared omelette . ... and lost visual appetite . totally lost my appetite after taking a bite .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kann dem nur zustimmen . meine urgro\u00dfeltern sind ( inzwischen ) beide dort begraben . verlaufen kann man sich da auf der suche nach etwas schon recht leicht da der friedhof extreme abmessungen hat . sehenswert ist er allemal und wenn man im winter dort ist sollte man eine t\u00fcte mit n\u00fc\u00dfen mitnehmen : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich bin gerne auf dem pragfriedhof . auch wenn ich keine pers\u00f6nlichen beziehungen dazu habe . er strahlt ruhe aus und sachlichkeit . und ist sehr sch\u00f6n angelegt . eine f\u00fchrung in der nacht der museen habe ich auch mal mitgemacht toll !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just opened up ! it is located within the pv mall food court ! really good pho for 5 bucks ! no joke ! various types of boba flavors to pick from ! other yummy items on the menu ! will be back ! ! check it out ! been here 7 times now and i still love it . they even have vietnamese iced coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who woulda thought that i would find a pretty solid bowl of pho in the paradise valley mall food court ? this obviously family owned and ran establishment is definitely worth checking out if your looking for some different food court fare ... the broth was flavorful , my meatballs were delicious and service was spot on !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best food i 've ever gotten from a mall food court . everything about it was spectacular ! the service was extremely fast , the food was delicious and the price was exceptionally cheap . it 's legitimate restaurant quality food at food court prices and speed . i do n't know how they pull it off but i 'll do my best to keep them in business . the beef and meatball pho was calling my name and i was not disappointed with the selection . the bowl was an excellent size with plenty of noodles and meat . needless to say i left very satisfied . the value here is just incredible . you will be hard pressed to find a better combination of food , price and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had very low expectations from a mall food court pho shop . boy was i wrong ! i judge all pho on the broth and this broth is excellent . better than many sit-down restaurants i have frequented in the past . another outstanding feature of the pho tai is the beef . it is real , thickly cut and tasty . many shops have paper thin slices but not here . ( see photo ) this is a mom and pop shop that reminds me of my time in saigon . do yourself a favor and give them a try . you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just tried the chicken pho ... wow this is some good stuff ! ! and only $ 5 too ! ! also ordered the veggie fried rice and that was excellent as well . very nice folks behind the counter . i informed them i was vegetarian so i went without the chicken and the owner was very nice to offer me extra veggies . will definitely be coming here a lot ! oh , and polished it all off with a taro boba tea . so yummy ! post vegetarian update : the vegg experiment is over and now i 'm able to order any item off vvf 's menu . this has become my favorite place , not just for vietnamese food , but as a regular go-to place . everything i 've tried has been terrific , but i do have a fave that the owner custom makes for me which is the # 1 grilled chicken w grilled veggies ( instead of a salad ) and he puts a fried egg on top , aka `` chris ' special '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is in the pv mall food court , i think it may be the spot where mcdonald 's used to be . yaay ! finally found a decent place nearby for my pho fix . they serve pho in a real bowl ( not disposable ) which was nice , they do not have my favorite ( dac biet ) but what they had was good . service was prompt and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews and decided to check this place out and was impressed . the owners are super friendly and the food was great ! finally found a half way decent vietnamese restaurant in this area . very happy and highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am eating their # 9 right now and it is fantastic , especially for food at the mall . better than any of the other fast food places here . take a risk and give it a try . glad i did !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this small stand is inside the paradise valley mall food court . keep in mind that when i looked for the restaurant in the paradise valley mall directories , it was not listed . so do n't leave the place just because you do n't see it . hopefully , the owners will do something about this . ordered the meatball beef pho and another chicken pho but without noodles . both pho 's had powerful , delicious broths and generous portions of everything . lots of meatballs in mine which i totally enjoyed considering that i had a bad cold and this hot delicious broth awakened my body again . the owner is so affable and attentive . he came out to see how our pho 's were and offered to give the person who chose no noodles additional chicken and veggies . lovely gesture . this is the place to go if you want a magnificent pho is the phoenix area without having to venture out into the avenues . oh , and i almost forgot . $ 5.95 for pho ? absolutely fantastic price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok . so this use to be a horrible korean mall restaurant . but now it 's a delicious vietnamese food you will not expect from a food court . the people who own it are super sweet . everybody should eat here pho sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pho , great service . they even split a bowl for my children . wish there were a few more food options , but this is a mall food court . please frequent them so that we can keep good pho nearby . maybe the beginning of a foodie food court at pv ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh fellow yelpers ... .how you have led me wrong this time . i know , you 're thinking , it 's a food court , what was i thinking . we decided to give it a try based on the five star reviews . what a terrible idea . we had an egg roll , a skewer of barbecue pork , and a noodle bowl with chicken . all barely edible . the egg roll was greasy . the skewer of pork was burnt , and the chicken in the noodle bowl was spongy . we literally ate a few bites and no more . ( and we 're usually members of the clean plate club ) . i actually said out loud , that if we did n't get sick from dinner , it 'd be a miracle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "inside paradise valley mall food court where mcdonald 's once was . ordered the # 6 pho beef and meatball and pork chop with salad and fried egg service is a little mixed up where they gave people the wrong order and then had to scramble to get it right . tip - find a table and then wait for your food until they bring it to the counter . the beef and meatball pho was pretty good and it came with bean sprouts and chili , very generous portion for $ 6.75 and came out the right temperature , not too hot and not to cold . the pork chop with salad and fried egg was also a generous amount of food and the way the pork chopped was grilled was very tasty . regardless of being in a mall food court or not , the food was very good especially with its low price . i look forward to the next visit to try other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do n't shortchange this place because it is not a chain restaurant in a mall food court . i think people feel obligated to go to `` what they know '' in food courts , but this place is really worth it . delicious pho for a happy price . next time i go back , i 'll also try the spring rolls because they looked so fresh and refreshing . i love that it is also close to my house , so i can come here anytime i am craving vietnamese food , and not just when i 'm at the mall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good pho in the mall food court of all places ! i count this as one of my faves for pho . i had the rare filet and it was delicious . the beef was good quality and the trimmings were fresh and cold . the price is also good and the staff ( maybe the owner ) are very friendly and accommodating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous pho for a great price ! i got hooked on this kind of food many years ago and their broth and ingredients are excellent . i would have never thought that i could find this good soup in a food court , but their pho beef was excellent . i will come back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! by far the best pho and vietnamese food i have had in phoenix . do n't let the mall location dissuade you . real deal slow cooked billions of bones lip smackingly delicious pho . the pork vermicelli is also excellent . highly reccomended . go , now ... ... what are you waiting for ? go ... the savory goodness of vietnam await . i said go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was attracted to the good reviews from yelp and seemingly good price . however , it was dark and no one was there . it may be closed for good ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has delicious food and great customer service . the pho is on point , the vermicelli as well . i am standing in the pv mall food court ( a terrible place to be at the end of a long work day ) when i want to be on my couch just to eat this food . and it 's so worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a mom-and-pop place that just happens to be in a mall food court.food is super fast as you would expect . of course there are less selectionscompared to a restaurant . prices seem very good , great for paradise valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pho , great prices , awesome service . got a chicken pho ( huge ) , chicken fried rice ( huge ) and an egg roll to go . so yummy and more than enough for 2 people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pho and spring rolls i 've found in arizona ! so inexpensive too , 3.50 for two massive spring rolls ! everything is half the price , and double the size of any other vietnamese restaurant . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out here in scottsdale for a 4 week training . was craving pho and saw this 5 star rating on yelp . i agree with the others that reviewed this place , the pho was great and was not disappointed . i 'm from an area in socal that is big on pho and the taste you get from this place is n't far from what i 'm used to . their fried rice ai n't that bad either for $ 3.25 . so kudos ! will be going back before i leave", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were looking for a place to have pho soup and from the reviews on yelp decided to try this place . we were a little scared seeing that it is a food court place but it was delicious ! the staff was polite , very pleasant and helpful with making our order just as we wanted them . i had the chicken pho soup without the meat ( i 'm not a fan of meat textures ) , they added vegetable for me and it was very good . my husband had the beef pho and the meat was very tender and had great flavor . they serve there soup in actual bowls so you do n't get the styrofoam taste to your soup which was a concern before i saw the real bowl . i would highly recommend trying this place for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never write reviews but i could n't help it ... this place is great ! the pho is super tasty and fresh . i ca n't believe it 's in a mall food court . i wish fashion square had one", "score": "5"}
{"review": "color me pleasantly surprised ! good , cheap pho at the pv mall food court . will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "vietnamese food in a mall food court ? i have never before seen that in an american mall . that is what pulled me in & made me want to try it - especially with the high reviews . i went for the pho tai bo vien ( rare steak & meatballs ) . it was brought out & served to me in a real bowl along with everything you need . they brought out veggies , sriracha , hoison sauce , chop sticks , & a soup spoon ! the pho was not perfect , but i have high expectations as i eat it homemade all the time . it was good enough and especially for the price & convenience . i would certainly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm scoring in regards of context- this is a food court and obviously wo n't be the best thing you 've ever come across . that being said , pho in a food court is awesome . broth is on the sweeter side , and it looks like the noodles are really rice noodles and not wheat . the man to take my order was very kind and even offered my a glass of water when he did n't see me order a drink ( i thought it was a sweet gesture ) . he brought the soup to my table with the usual lime , sprouts and basil , also with sriracha and hoisen . i would n't make a trip for it , but i would definitely go for this over anything else in that area ( outer restaurants included ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after taking the kids to a movie , we headed to the paradise valley mall food court . i did not expect flavorful pho with perfectly cooked veggies and tasty , fresh noodles . a hearty treat after a long morning run ! ! i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had their food twice after i discovered them in the pv mall . i moved from california to phoenix needless to say that i have high standards when comes to vietnamese food . i have to say that they did not disappoint . i tried the pho and grilled pork dish both were authentic delicious ! do give them a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled here on accident while walking through the mall . the restaurant is owner is passionate about his trade and uses only quality products in his pho . the broth is made with beef bones giving it a rich marrow taste , unlike a lot of pho places that take shortcuts with their broth to serve the masses . the pho tai even has thinly sliced filet mignon instead of the standard inexpensive beef cuts . there is no competing with this pho -- it is in a class of its own ! hidden gem in a very unexpected place in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though it 's at a mall food court , they still serve the noodles in usual plastic bowls ! we started with spring rolls - they were pretty good , but it really needed the fresh flavor of the mint . the # 5 beef & meatball noodle soup had ample noodles , but the flavor in the broth was just not there . the broth needs to stew long enough to develop the flavors - maybe the traffic at the mall is n't enough to have big pots of broth stewing for the whole day ... # 8 bun thit nuong - grilled pork over noodles had huge portions of pork but did n't have the distict seasoning on the pork nor the nuoc cham . the staff are super nice and compared to the other reviews , we hope we caught them on an `` off day '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best mall food evahhhhh . great pho served by kind people who are obviously passionate about cooking . yes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lunched on the grilled chicken combo plate . tons of food ! grilled thighs with rice and fried potstickers with a generous side salad . the food was delicious and such a nice surprise in a low profile mall . the owner was kind and accommodating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this mall vietnamese place was excellent and the owner indeed had a passion for his food . the gossip obtained from the restaurants close to where they were , is that their lease was up and they decided not to renew . no word as to whether or not they are moving to another location , but we certainly hope so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please come & support this place ! ! ! i want great vietnamese food near my house always & i would rather come here than other place even a sit down restaurant . this is the real deal you will be blown away by its authenticity . owners are kind , professional & will explain the dishes perfectly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not easily impressed with realtors , but after witnessing a particularly tough situation she had down the road from me , i knew she was the girl for me . my home buying process through another agent was a nightmare , so when it came time to sell my old home , i was bitter and extremely skeptical . i looked to crystal for a better outcome , and she did the impossible ... she impressed me . her experience and tenacity really shined through ! she sold my house the first day on the market , over the asking price , and closed on time . it could be luck , or just really good timing ... but aside from all of that , crystal treated me like i was her only client . she was a good person to have in my corner , and i will definitely use her again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to say me and my husband are very impressed with crystal . we have contacted her a few times in the past few weeks to see if she could show us some houses in vegas . she is prompt and very responsive when i call her , unlike other realtors we have talked to . we are excited to know she is never in a hurry to show us properties because other realtors we have contacted are either in a hurry or act like it is a chore to show properties . she is very professional and one to work with ! we highly recommend if your looking for a great realtor to work with make sure to call crystal . you wo n't regret it ! ! when we find the `` perfect house '' we want we are for sure dealing with her . a+++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here for my business cards and pamphets , and the staff was very helpful and gave me some great design ideas ! fast turn around time too ! they do everything ! posters , wedding invitations , business cards , brochures , flyers , menus ... you name it ! i recommended this place to my friend for her wedding invites , and they turned out amazingly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a few notes to the owner for much needed staff appreciation for 1 . ) taking on tedious job on a busy day 2 . ) having patience to deal with technical problems 3 . ) remaining calm when customer did not 4 . ) courtesy to notify customer of problem 5 . ) working with customer requirements 6 . ) working overtime to complete job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "efficient , professional and may i say ... cool . not that being cool really matters in terms of printing , but this print shop looks a whole lot cooler than any other print shops i 've been in . i come here for my business cards and pamphlets , they did my designs for me too , quick and precise every time . surprisingly good service.. i do n't expect much from asians usually , and im allowed to say that because im asian too . the girls working there are very nice , and speaks english fluently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randall does excellent deep tissue and trigger point work and as a former pro athlete i appreciate quality myofascial work as well . i recommend his massage work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a customer of randalls for about a year and a half . i found him through groupon and stayed with him since . for about 4 years i 've had shoulder pain that prevents me from doing regular day to day things . i did 2 bouts of physical therapy with no relief ... and then i met randall ! his deep tissue massage is the only thing that loosens my shoulder and back muscles to where i can move like a normal person should . i love that he is able to get really aggressive with my problem areas and still give me a relaxing massage . i enjoy his massages so much that i 've even booked an appointment for my daughters !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randall does an excellent job with my massage . i have been getting 2-3 massages a month most of my adult life and i can honestly say his ranks among the best . in fact , i stopped buying groupons for `` cheap deals '' because nothing comes close to the quality of massage for his very reasonable price ! i have chronic neck and upper back pain and randall finds the knots and works them out . he is professional and personable . the location is comfortable and convenient . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randall 's massage was absolutely disgusting ! i felt violated & uncomfortable when he massaged me and he did n't have much strength ! very limp hands & flimsy cold fingers . i got a groupon and that 's how i found out about randall . the price of course is what attracted me ( $ 20 hour ) unfortunately , you definitely get what you pay for . his social presence was awkward and he was n't genuinely cordial . there was this weird modality that he did on my face tapping his fingers and he spent most of the massage sitting which i guess if that 's your thing that 's cool . but i 'm used to receiving excellence when i get a massage . i absolutely would not recommend this practice at all ! # iregretgivinghimatip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was pretty nervous to buy a massage on groupon in fear it would be a waste of money but randall was amazing ! ! ! he is so kind and professional and truly a skilled massage therapist . i would highly recommend checking him out ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the thai massage was amazing ! randall brought awareness to the places that i had tension and worked through it to release the tension . my body felt so weightless and light afterwards . randall was very respectful and made the massage a very comfortable experience . i 'll definitely be returning ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hey guys . do you need a real deep tissue massage ? i know i do . i lift weights and run and my muscle gets tight and knotted up . i need a strong and many times painful massage . i got one here with randall . the next day i can feel the difference in my posture and relief in my neck . i will be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had tried several local places for massage in the biltmore area . randall does an outstanding deep tissue massage . his pricing package for massages is very reasonable and the quality is outstanding . i am very glad that i stopped in as now i have a great place to go for massage and do n't have to keep trying other places in the area . other massages places in the area were either not worth the cost or not of high quality . randall is five stars all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional and educated on the bones and muscles of the body . i will be returning as soon as i am back in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work . i found randall through groupon and stayed regular customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to randall after being stiff from an auto collision , and am feeling much better now ! i did opt for a deep tissue massage - it was my first and it is quite painful ! but in a good way ! he gave me all of the information i needed for post-care , and made sure i knew what to expect afterwards . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for pain relief , randall 's your man ! i was in terrible neck and shoulder pain and he worked on me for 90 minutes and wow the pain had subsided tremendously by the morning and then the following day completely gone . i highly recommend him ! he 's very knowledgeable with a pleasant touch ! thanks randall ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randall 's massage was one of the best massages i have had in a long time . randall not only was professional and caring , he totally addressed issues i had with my back . i will totally return for additional services , and have recommended him to others . thanks randall ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to randall for over a year now . he 's been great ! he adjusts his pressure according to how i 'm feeling that day and he makes sure he covers all the muscles the need attention . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen him a couple times now for massage . great work . i have gotten a lot of relief for my sciatic nerve and did n't realize my posture was so bad . wish i had been going here for a while instead of all the doctor 's appointments", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had one 90 minute deep tissue massage from randall and it was among the best deep massages i 've ever had . thank you randall and hope to see you again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy to have found randall ! i work in it and 16 months ago started having chronic pain in my upper back , shoulders , and neck . it 's hard to find someone who can free up the trigger points and myofascial pain-randall 's the man ! my pt has told me that unless i change my career , i 'll have to manage my symptoms thru dry needling and deep tissue massage . randall is very knowledgeable about fascia and muscles and provides very deep tissue massage . after my first few sessions , i bought and booked 10 more . thanks to randall for improving my life to the point where i can play with my kids again and engage in physical activity . highly recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my review is on the boarding . this is my favorite place to take my dog . the owner is knowledgeable and experienced in how to board dogs . it 's not a paranoid kennel that is charging separate prices for regular exercise . my dog returned heavily exercised and i did n't feel guilty leaving him there . i stopped in before i left town and they brought him out . he was having a good time . i give it four stars because sometimes dogs play a little rough and my dog was n't hurt , but if you are worried about a scratch this is n't a place for your dog . other boarders do n't mix dogs to play . i 'm sure they wont if you ask them , but i did n't want mine to not play for 4 days while i was away . likewise , he has the kennel cough shot , and came home a little worn out and sniffling but just for 2 days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my february review was filtered for reasons unknown to me . thought i would provide a march update . we left abbey for 6 nights this time . she again was returned clean , in great spirits and especially exhausted after extended play . it is hilarious watching her the first night after a stay ... she can not keep her eyes open . thanks again urban dog ! original review : i just picked abbey up after 7 nights at urban dog . she has never looked better . we have been dealing with her shedding through the entire winter . after the shampoo , combing and ( i could n't believe it ) she let manager gene blow dry her ... wow ... she looks like a show dog . she is happy , healthy and in great spirits post stay . emil , sara and their team of caring handlers have just been spectacular in taking care of abbey in recent months while we were on extended trips . she got to be socialized yet had rest breaks appropriate for her age .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in to check this place out , quite honestly because of all of the great yelp ratings . i am sorry fellow yelpers but i just dont agree that it is `` as good as it gets '' . i agree , the owner seemed pretty nice . however , i only saw 2 people on site and it seemed like they did not have enough staff to care for more than 15 dogs . i guess that could be a positive but the space would definitely accomodate more dogs than 15 . i did not like that there was no outside play space . the woman said that they walk the dogs but if i could get a dog walker to come to my house for a lot less . on the positive side the decor was refreshing and modern and the owner seemed nice and personable . my dog does not really need a professional groom so i can not speak to that . i am in the market for a social play environment and for me this place was just ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the exterior of the building does n't draw you in . it 's plain and drabby . i do n't think there is even a display window . they sit some pieces out curbside on the street facing 7th ave and mariposa st . this is what caught my eye and let me know they were open . they have nice stuff here . some unique furnishings , art pieces and collectibles . i would have loved to have bought a few items this first visit but i have nowhere to put them ! nor do i have enough cash or a credit line for these high priced pieces . i like that you can move freely about the place without fear of knocking anything over or ending up in a maze that dead-ends like i have come across in other antique malls . i also liked the friendliness of the vendors that were present and their helpfulness . i liked that things had information tags on them ( if they are accurate i do n't know ) . they have everything from antique jewelry to patio furniture and all things in between .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stumbled across this place today and was glad i did . unlike other antique malls , this one was spacious and had amazing items to be found . it 's not one of the most glamorous buildings in the area , but it 's definitely worth a look . prices vary and they truly have some unique and extremely vintage items in there ( picked up a typewriter that 's 90 years old ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fun shop ! i love me a good antique store and was reasonably impressed with the collection of vintage furniture salvage and antiques offered . pricing was varied based on dealer booth ( as is typical with nearly any antique store you visit ) the staff was very friendly and eager to help as needed . inside , the store is well layed out , large enough to explore , but cozy enough so you do n't get eye fatigue . any antique fan looking for some treasure would enjoy a stop in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of stuff to look at . the staff is unfriendly and unwelcoming . they acted like they did n't want my business , so they wo n't get it . plenty of antique stores with friendly staff in the valley . thanks anyway .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! lots to look at and well displayed . prices vary ; some dealers are better than others , but real treasures are made affordable through sales , so make sure you join the mailing list . great selection of jewelry especially . owners are very friendly ... kid-friendly , too . nice central location ... worth your time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend , got my engaement ring here . they brought in a diamond expert to help him choose the best one since i wanted something old . they told him was what in good shapre , what he should avoid . still my fav place is phx !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two stars only because of them missing my appt and no one there to help me . i left comely nails because of how flaky they were always missing my appts . i found bamboo , nice salon , great backfill . yay ! and then i make my appt - rushed my day to make it and what do you know the nail tech wont be there and there is no one else to take my appt . now its only the first time for this place but seriously . my dream is to find a nail salon that does a great job and has nail techs to actually do the work when you make an appt . and really ... no back up when you knew i was coming . sigh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i adore this salon- it 's the only one i will go to for nails . very hygienic , and i never worry that my time will be cut short due to people waiting . i am always satisfied with my nails and the quality of service is exemplary . do n't listen to the people saying the nail technicians are unfriendly - they are all sweet and very accommodating . the salon atmosphere is quiet and relaxing , which is the way i like it . sorry , but i do n't come to the salon to be annoyed with loud noises and talking , i come to get pampered !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would never go to this place for a pedicure again . i went back in september and ended up getting a fungal infection in my big toe . almost a year later and i am still dealing with it . the place appears sanitary and uses clean utensils . however , they are n't taking the proper precautions to prevent infection .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unless hahn is there , i will probably never get another pedicure at bamboo again . my last visit was a nightmare from start to finish . none of the new girls speak english at all , so any attempt to ask questions or talk about what you 're looking for is met with blank stares and no understanding action . several patrons were getting frustrated with this lack of communication , as was i , and the owner was often too busy to be in the pedi room to help translate . i really wish they had a better retention of their staff , or maybe i just caught it on their day off . either way , hahn 's availablity will be my requirement moving forward .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried this nail salon before going to a class in the same plaza so i was in a rush . i was impressed by how clean it was , and they used disposable liners in the pedicure foot soak stations . my tech was very accommodating as i was on a time limit . she even went out of her way to buff my injured big toenail . yuck , i know , but she 's the only person to offer out of the 5 or so pedicures i 've had since it was injured . they use the hot stones and towel , and she gave a great leg and foot massage . the price was right in line with others as well . it 's not by my house , but i 'll go again when visiting my chiropractor . i would definitely come back ; i see some 1 stars and i hope it 's not the case when i try it again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the two stars here are for the niceness of the girl that has done my nails and for my pedicure . now , the manicure . i got the sns manicure and the first time after 2 days it was chipping . i called and went back and the same girl re-did most of my nails ( only the chipped ones ) . now , 3 days later , every single one of them has cracked or chipped . i 'm not particularly hard on my nails and have always done gel with no problem . i do n't know if it 's just the sns which they swore was better than gel or if it was the girl that did them . either way , i wo n't be going back here and i wo n't be getting sns anymore . also , the cash only tip policy is ridiculous . i get that you 'd prefer cash so you are n't taxed on it but occasionally i do n't have it on me . and i do n't want to be charged a $ 2 atm fee every time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my most recent experience was not good . i think the person who helped me was the owner or manager . she was very aggressive with my eyebrow wax . my skin burned all day and the next day there were red marks . that 's never happened to me before with waxing . she took way more hair than she should have . i have been before and not had an issue with the wax job but after this i wo n't go back . they also insist you pay cash only to tip and get an attitude if you do n't have cash . it 's a nice looking place but in my opinion the service does not match .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely a great nail salon . ambience was very relaxing and i enjoyed the privacy of getting a pedicure . the layout of salon made me very comfortable and at ease . the salon 's entrance has a barrier which blocks off the rest of the place which gives me that privacy . that way people who are waiting wo n't be staring . the staff is always friendly whenever i come in . they do great work when it comes to medi and pedi . highly recommend this place if u want quality work . ask for noon . she is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times and had no bad experiences . today though , i got there at 1015 and left around 1 . i understand that they are busy , but they should be upfront about wait time . i waited awhile for the gel manicure . once she was done , i waited some more for an open pedicure chair . finally after looking around for a bit and getting ready to leave , they moved me to a pedicure chair , where i continued to wait some more . both the pedicure and manicure were great , but not great enough to make it a three hour affair . it seemed like they were taking too many people for the staff they had . and i 'm sorry , do n't offer the yelp coupon if you do n't want to take it ... ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just moved to ahwatukee and needed a new nail salon , i stopped in and han ( not sure of spelling ) did my gel manicure and she did a great job will be going back to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to really like this place because it 's so close to my home . they did a decent job on my nails , but honestly the manicure was very painful ! ! ! it was the opposite of relaxing . the pedicure was nice . i got my eyebrows done and they have never been this red & painful before . the lady , vile , was very sweet who did my pedi . everything else was pretty crappy . all the stars are because of her . kind of a bummer because this as a bday treat to myself . i 'll go somewhere else next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to bamboo nails for over 2 years . kim and her staff are great . very friendly and they do a great job . gone to other shops in between and regretted it . i highly recommend kim 's salon for a relaxing day of pampering yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequent here for gel manicures and they are hands down the best in ahwatukee , i 've tried most other salons in the area . the environment is tranquil , very professional , sweet staff , and clean . attention to detail every time i go-highly encourage anyone to try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very disappointed with kim the owner and how she discontinued doing business she usually does great nails but i wanted to try her new product sns nails i used get acrylics but seen that she had an organic product . as she applied them she noticed that she was n't happy with her work then she tried to correct but failed at making them perfect . i asked her do you think that this ok because my nails looked crooked and messy . she had the nerve to get upset cause i asked her to switch back to acrylic and take them off . i 've never seen her get so upset with me for asking to correct what she messed up . not only did she take it off i asked her to apply acrylics instead and she said that she had another appointment . in which was a lie so i called the day after she told me she was n't comfortable with doing my nails anymore cuz she is lazy . note she still charged me for her poorly done nails .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it started off kind of rough as i had a digital copy of a coupon that they said `` needed to print '' to honor . however , i liked the style of the shop , it was cute and clean . i loved the perfect match color option as i have struggled with many shops to find a match for my gel nails and regular polish for my toes ... so that was a major plus . also , kd was nice and the kept my appointment time . i think i 'll be back soon : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here again to introduce more friends . i had veal parm with penne and marinara sauce . bravo . big disappointment was the pizza that so many rave about . crust was soggy ( nyers like thin crisp crust ) and the slice is eaten folded and molten hot so the roof of your mouth knows it just had great pizza . also cut a round pie in 8 slices . they cross cut our pie into several dozen square pieces. ! ! ! we 'll come back for amazing lasagna and veal parm but never order a pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband works nearby so i met him here for lunch . the prices are pretty good . the complimentary parmesan breadsticks are a real treat ! the pizza was just ok -and i know i say this in all my reviews , but i think it 's only fair to mention that i 'm a ny'er born and bred - and pizza that 's just ok to me is sometimes incredible to others . the service was fine but waiter was not as attentive as i 'd have liked ( i really do n't like to have to ask for water refills , especially at lunch time when it 's not that busy , but i admit i 'm a little nitpick-y about service ) . overall i 'd say this is a good neighborhood restaurant for lunch and probably even dinner but i would n't send people out of their way . i wanted to give this place 3.5 stars but since it has to be even i felt i should bump it down to 3 instead of up to 4 , if that means anything .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was a shame to see this place closed . we had come here a few times and enjoyed getting their pizza as well as some other dishes . i know the one time i had chicken marsala and another time had chicken parm , wo n't forget how authentic this place was and the portions were amazing ! ! another time i had the eggplant parm and i was in cheese heaven ! very good food and good service ! the owners were very nice ! sorry to see they are not in business anymore i am sure they are missed by many !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "forget the pizza ... the lasagne is to die for . we had a family salad and had to take some home , it was so much we could n't finish it . we also shared the `` make your own '' pasta '' dinner . the shells were great , and sauces seemed home made . the only negative was the wait for the food ... ..seemed quite long ... perhaps they are making the dishes from scratch ? hope this place does n't become too popular ... we will never get seated !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not only did they get my delivery order completely wrong , but the delivery man texted me trying to hit on me hours after he delivered my messed up order . inappropriate and creepy . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there this afternoon with a friend and his daughters and we had a nice experience . i found it odd that there was no music playing in the dining room , making conversation with kids the center of entertainment for the room . the girls had spaghetti , which was tasty and we split a salad and the chicken marsala . the spinach gorgonzola salad was amazing ! no lie , delicious . the pasta was average . our server was very pleasant as well and efficient . nice job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wtf with the lower than average reviews ? ! ? we ate here on a tuesday evening ... ordered a deep dish , calamari , caesar salad . we got free breadsticks . the food was good ! tasty ! deep dish was cheesey ! ! i 've had deep dish in nyc and yes it 's better but come on this is vegas ! lol ! we used a groupon too so out total after was $ 11 and change ( so we spent about $ 24 for all that food ( with groupon ) . we would come back ... service was good too ! good place to take a date for a quiet dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a big disappointment . the pizza was just okay , but the whole dining experience was bad . there was only one other table dining and our service was very slow and it took 40 minutes to get our pizza . the dining area was also very dirty . i will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not too shabby ! big selection of pizzas ( thin crust , deep dish , regular crust ) , salads , and pastas . bonus points for the options to add calamari to the pasta , the tasty thin-crust pizza , and heaping basket of free , fried breadsticks . they may kill you but they 're free ! the restaurant , located in a random strip mall , is decorated to feel like an italian eatery ( i.e . faux venetian plaster , etc ) . seating is amazingly plentiful , complete with booths and tables . you may , however , get an arm workout while waiving down your waitress . they 're a tad understaffed . for the price ( around $ 12.99 for a good-size pizza and $ 6.99 for pasta dishes ) , it 's a decent neighborhood joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered for delivery and it took over two hours to get the food , which was cold and not what i ordered . a trifecta of incompetence . do n't do business here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i own a home just up the street from this restaurant and have given them multiple try 's because of the convenience . unfortunately every time i have dined in the service was very poor and food was lackluster . even getting takeout i found the staff to be very unfriendly , food over priced and wait times to be outrageous . do yourself a favor and do n't waste your time here . go up the road to smiths and get yourself a frozen pizza .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could leave negative stars i would . took over an hour to deliver . when i received my order it was $ 10 more than the price originally given on the phone . the idiots got both orders wrong , and when i called to speak with the manager he told me he had been in this business a long time and knew more than i did . really ? well at least now i know not to order from a disgusting and overpriced restaurant ( if you could even call it that ) with even more disgusting customer service . you 'd be better off buying microwave lasagna from albertsons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am surprised at the low rating this spot has , and i 'm reluctant to raise it for the mere fact that i do n't want the whole valley flooding in to find the closest thing to chi deep dish that i 've discovered here in the last 7 years . but , truly , this is ti ! there is n't another spot that has the crust , ingredient layering , and crushed tomatoes spot on ! best chi deep dish hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a party of 6 and enjoyed free breadsticks as we were first time guests . our service was friendly and attentive . the lasagna and fruiti de mare were both amazing and the children 's portions were large ! the only thing that keeps me from 5 stars was the wine selection . i would like to see a better selection to accommodate the wonderful food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunately , it looks as though maciano 's have closed their doors . i called yesterday and was informed that they were no longer in business . : - ( r.i.p delicious , crispy wings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i tried maciano 's tonight and we were both very pleased with our experience overall . we started off with their complimentary bread bites basket , which was totally yummy ! we had the stuffed mushrooms appetizer ( delicious ! ) , a caesar side salad ( very fresh and great dressing ) , angel hair pasta with vodka sauce ( divine ! ) , an order of meatballs ( fantastic ! ) and a medium pizza ( not the greatest pizza we 've ever had , but decent enough ) . we finished with cheesecake and this banana cinnamon pastry thing , which was awesome ! our service was great and the atmosphere was charming . we had a $ 25 dining dough gift certificate that we got as a reward from one of our credit card companies but we still spent another $ 35 plus the tip so it really was n't a cheap date but the food was good so we will definitely visit again . next time we go we intend to try the lasagna !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered food for a party i hosted at my home last night . i got the baked mostaccioli and fettuccini from the catering menu . it also came with breadsticks . it was delicious and everyone enjoyed it . the delivery was right on time and the driver was polite and helpful . i have eaten at the restaurant and gotten carryout many times and have never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza in town when it comes to wanting something to resemble midwestern pizza . thin crust meat lovers is soooo good . their tiramusu is good but is more custard then really what it should be . the service can be difficult we usually just have it delivered with no problems . we recently just moved and wished this place was closer . they also have great coupons out there for like $ 10 off $ 30 which is great . i usually order 2 pizzas and one goes in the fridge right away from leftovers because it is that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried maciano 's since it touted chicago style eats . ordered a sausage thin crust pizza and an italian beef sandwich . we were given breadsticks to snack on while we waited , they were n't what you might expect . these were fried . they had a very greasy after taste . the italian beef was overly salted . so much so we had them remove it from the bill . the pizza was similar to chicago style but it was n't nearly as tasty as what i 'm used to ... grew up in chicago . it was far better than what you 'd get from the `` gross '' chains - papa johns , pizza hut , dominos , but there is better chicago-style pizzas to be had . amore is my pick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am surprised to see so many bad reviews . i 've been twice and had really great chicago style pizza and a huge fresh salad each time . the chicago was really great . the crust and sauce were pretty much perfect . the complimentary bread sticks were soo good , too . my wife had fettuccine with alfredo and it was also some of the best i 've ever had . plus it was only $ 8 ! my only complaint was about the house salad . although huge and fresh , it only encompasses four ingredients . romaine , cucumbers , tomatoes , and red onions . we got the balsamic and ranch which were both freshly made and fantastic , but the salad could really use some more to it . croutons and something else like that round it out would be nice . plus the red onions were so hot and plentiful it tasted like a raw , red onion salad . service was great and prices were very reasonable , i will continue to go again and again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know if i am a glutton , but i loved the garlic bread sticks they brought as a starter . it is deep fried but it is not oily as other posters have said . we ordered the vegetarian double dough pizza . this is a nice choice of pizza dough . they have a thin crust , the double dough , a pan , and chicago style ( deep dish ) . be careful when ordering the pan or chicago style since it takes about 30 mins to make . our pizza with the double dough came really fast and it can actually feed 4 people . it is cut in squares and we enjoyed it . the cheese and the sauce were tasty and after a long day of apartment hunting , this was a nice place to have a sit down lunch . also , our hostess server holly was very nice and explained how their pizza crusts are made . do n't be afraid to try this place out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best italian food on the west side . we 've been going there for about a year and always great food and service . our server this past sunday was felicia . best server ever ! very nice and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i totally agree with joy.. it took 1 hr to get our food and it was awful.. fried breadsticks ? ? ? as if bread is n't bad enough for us , now they fry it ? ? ? i had the chicken marsala it was on a plate of oil ... yuck.. not only did it take forever and we were late to our movie , i left even more hungry and mad . i do not recommend this place at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super cute little place , so much so that i took a pic and sent it to my fiance . i went fo lunch on a saturday while on my lunchbreak . i was quickly seated as there was only one other group there . ordered and ice tea to find they only have the raspberry nestea . was pleasantly surprised when i was given a basket of garlic bread , but it was grossly oily.. alas , i ate them all because it took 30 miniutes for my eggplant parmesan sandwich to arrive . since i had to get back to work , i asked for it to go . the guy who brought it to me in a bag had to return to the kitchen to ask when i asked what i owed . the owner or manager came out and charged me full price for my sandwich and tea which i thought was rude considering i waited 30+ mins before i had to leave and asked for it to go . meanwhile my tea was empty ... aet my sandwich at my desk at work , it was just so-so . i wont be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great chicago style deep dish pizza ! after visiting nearly every italian and chicago style restaurant in the valley , i 've settled on maciano 's as having the best deep dish in lv . keep in mind it will be a wiat , but it 's worth it - the perfect balance of dough , sauce , cheese and toppings . everything i 've gotten seems to be fresh and tasty , and the garlic knot bread they put out after you order is amazing ! i 'm a big guy and i could only eat two slices of pizza because i had consumed an entire order of the bread by myself . the ambiance is a very nice pro to maciano 's as well . they have decorated the dining area with paintings and lights to make it feel very italian-y , and they play old italian music or sinatra style music to add to the feel . this place is a bit out of the way for most , but if you want great mom and pop style italian food or deep dish chicago style pizza then go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've really tried giving this place a chance but i 'm now at my wit 's end . i ordered take-out a number of times because the place is on the way home from work . the pizza is average at best , but what finally broke the camel 's back is my latest experience . i ordered online . i had to wait about an hour from clicking the send button to being handed my pizzas . the two customers ahead of me received the wrong order . and on top of it all `` renard '' decides to give my wife an attitude after yelling at his staff in front of the customers . i 'll never give this place my business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place . its very close to home , priced right and overall a good experience . it has a family owned operated feel and is nice to get away from the chain restaurants once in a while .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time ever writing a review but i feel like i need to about this place . i 've have had frozen pizza that is better then the pizza here . crust is like cardboard ... . the waitress was rude and impatient . throwing plates of food on the table and quickly walking away . none of our food got eaten or boxed up and she did n't even ask us if anything was wrong . just awful all around . if they offered me a free meal to try it again i would n't go", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i order their thin crust pizza only a weekly basis . it 's really good and worth the price . the only thing that prevented my from giving a 5 star rating is having a bad dining experience here . the service was very slow and i did not got too much attention from the waiter servers . other than that , pizza is great . i still come here for take out but never to dine in . the wait service is still very slow and inattentive , which is too bad because the food is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered our 2nd pizza from here , salami pizza , and again it was delicious with tons of flavor . all their ingredients are very fresh which i 'm sure helps with the great taste . hands down the best pizza in vegas . still only 4 stars because their prices for pizza are still a bit high ... $ 40 for a pizza , no matter how good is ridiculous . a must try at least once .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is certainly no lack of good italian places in las vegas but , as this is only a few blocks from our house , we decided to give it a try . bring your appetite with you ! if you 're eating in , they start you off with complimentary breadsticks , which is fried pizza dough flavored with garlic and sprinkled with parmesan cheese on top . delicious ! if you 're really hungry , their deep dish pizza was good and one slice is enough to fill you up ! we ordered the meat classic deep dish and it had plenty of meat toppings but my favorite was the thick layer of chunky tomato sauce on top . we 've tried their thin crust pizza , chicken parmesan , and balsamic chicken panini which have all been delicious . service has been great the times we 've been there and they refilled our drinks without us having to ask . we have since gone back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . i work at a nearby church and they are always willing to cater our events . their pizza is mouth watering good , and their pasta dishes are always delicious and fresh . portions are hefty and their staff is always friendly . much more personable and less commercial than olive garden . definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time ! we have ordered take out on several times and officiailly burned the menu tonight even after the second delivery was to `` correct '' the 3 mistakes . we asked for a sub side of spinach instead of the customary pasta side with the chicken and shrimp entrees - lo - carb accomodations typical at restaurants now days , they said no problem . we recieved overcooked mush spinach covered our entrees instead of being on the side . the replacement spinach was a handful of raw spinach wrapped in foil - so priceless i wish i could post a picture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a chicago area transplant , and have been in the area for a little over a year . i almost did not make the move because of pizza ! thank god for maciano 's ! excellent food , and convenient on line ordering . anyone craving a thin crust chicago ( yes thin crust ) special can go here , and confidently order the thin crust , and replicate the taste you probably miss ! the breadsticks are fabulous too ! highly recommended ! maciano 's fix your on-line coupon situation , and you 'll be all set !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so much for that groupon . tried to go there today only to find the doors closed and tables gone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was good and the service was not bad , but the prices on the menu are not the prices you will end up paying . i wonder how many people do n't review their check and never realize they are being overcharged by $ 1- $ 2 per item .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "much nicer decor than one would think , this is not just a strip mall pizza place , it is a small restaurant with good pasta & pizza . they have tables and booths with nice furniture and murals of italy painted on the walls . they start everyone off with a basket of small fried dough sticks with marinara sauce . i had the chicken limon which had spinach and i asked for the garlic potatoes instead of pasta and it was good and lemony ! the sauce was a little thick but not off putting and again the lemon flavor was awesome ! hubby had mostaccoli ( sp ? ) it was pretty much baked zita and he loved it and had plenty for leftovers the next day . due to this place being small and staffed accordingly i can see that it may take a while for deliveries , but we eat there so basing my experiences off of eating in . had a brand new italian beer they were offereing so tried it , $ 3.50 i think , so great price . we will be back for certain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most importantly , the food is excellent , as is the atmosphere . the live music makes for a delightful ambiance . as for dinner , we came planning to share a pizza , but the pasta looked too good to pass up . we 're glad we did n't . the sauces we 're especially good . i wrote this a few months ago , but forgot to post it . apologies to maciano . recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service and food quality too low for the prices they charge . got $ 30 worth of food for $ 50 after waiting too long to be served .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food and great music selection if you enjoy oldies . we started off with the cheese bread , and that was excellent . i ordered the lasagna with 2 meat balls . it was phenomenal , i have tried lasagna at almost every italian place in vegas and i would have to say this place knows how to make their lasagna ! my girl ordered the linguine & clams . she said `` if i could , i would bathe in the sauce '' lol i tried it and i would have to agree with her . very fresh as well . i would recommend this place , and will come back again to try other things on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizzas calzone very reasonable prices and friendly staff . i 'd go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "called because of burnt mushrooms and they said that 's how they cook them disgusting never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some of the best pesto i 've ever had . also -- the thin crust pizza is outstanding . the mussels appetizer is also fantastic ... super friendly staff . we love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! the $ 20 for two meal deal is fantastic . 1-appetizer , 2-main dishes and 1-desert . try the chicken parmesan with the meat sauce . it 's fantastic ! ! the next time we are in town ... we will be there . if you 're looking for good food ... and a lot of it ... this is the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing chicago style pizza ! the restaurant itself is fine , but i prefer delivery service . you wont find a better chicago style pizza in vegas , especially one that brings it to your door ! it 's amazing.. you must give it a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to like this place as it is so close to my house , but their food quality is too hit and miss . this time the pizza was okay , but the bacon ranch fries have apparently changed since the last several times we ordered them . it was obvious one of the cheeses they put on the fries was like kraft singles and it was disgusting in combination with the other ingredients . we could n't even eat it.whenever i eat in the restaurant the wait staff is usually quite poor . they do n't come to your table often enough which leaves you unable to eat without having a drink to help wash it down . overall , just poor attention to detail in quality of service and food quality .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "shitty customer service not worth it . takes forever for order to come through , no matter how busy or empty the place is ( there were 3 other people in the place at the time ) . i 'm not sure how many waiters there are , but the waiter we had ( blonde-ish , blue eyes ) was a mess ; if you get this guy , beware - he has severe attitude issues , and a little-man 's complex . witnessed him shortly afterward kicking some poor customer 's car - the manager did n't have the balls to intervene . i was absolutely disgusted ! in short , do not bother , unless you want to get attacked by a crazy man .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . the deep dish pizza is awesome , and huge ! i have three roommates , and when we order here we just need one medium deep dish to feed us all . i 've been to the actual restaurant a couple times to try their pasta . i love the pesto and their bread , but the pizza is the real winner here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed the place.the food was fresh and plentiful and you definitely will get your money 's worth.the service was great and we would defiantly return went we go back to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like some of the stuff on the menu , mainly the chicago style deep dish . it 's very good and totally worth it . i ordered some other stuff and was n't impressed , the calamari was sketchy at best . overall a great place to go and eat , good service and fairly nice and clean although it 's a small place and can be a long wait sometimes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i order a pizza via there website . it takes 55mins to deliver it . i click on there website `` view menu '' it brings me to a 3rd party where you can order it . i order a `` greek pizza '' which is described as marinara sauce , pepperoni & pepperoncini . when it comes its not even close to what was described on the site . and it was also room temperature . i call them and we finally get it figured out that there site was wrong . the best thing the manager could offer me was 20 % off my next visit . he was not very friendly and there will be no next visit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "family night out so we chose a local place instead of a chain . we had been here before and never had the experience and terrible service we received our last time there . the service was so rude by the server we wondered if shd had something in store for us . plates were slammed on the table , no return to check on us , no refills , loud noises in the kitchen and overcooked pasta . when she asked at the end if all was good like she cared , i said no it isnt . she then said well looks good to me and walked away again . i live nearby and notice the early closures and lack of cars now..so they get what they deserve . too bad..was decent the first few times we went there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pizza in las vegas by far ! if you 're a fan of chicago style , you will not be disappointed . caprese salad is awesome too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food but terrible terrible service , called an an order and almost after one whole hour after promise time food finally came out for pick up to go . it really is too bad that they went out of business because the food was really good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay , i 'm breaking in my yelp experience with this pizzeria . i wish i could say i was pleased , but i 'm not . i have eaten there a few times , and every time the food takes forever to come out . and i mean 40 min for a salad ... the only times the food has been good , and on time , is if we 've ordered it to be delivered . so , i think the way to handle this place is when you need some food delivered to your house and are in a pinch . but do not go to the place hungry or with anyone important . the people are sweet , but it seems like they employed their family members instead of people who know how to run a pizza joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bahhh i keep trying to tell you that this place is closed and yelp is all like tell us moar . look yelp , i would if i could , but they are closed and i can no longer pick up pink capris for my lickitung costume or buy a funky hat to wear at the derby , because i am fancy like that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love college kids ' old clothes ! i swear , they throw out perfectly good items . or it could be that when they put on the freshmen 15 , they ca n't fit into their duds anymore . either way ... good for me ! this store is extremely well organized . i love that quality in a thrift store . jeans with jeans , sweaters with sweaters . the clothes are in really good shape too . i hardly saw a hole in the whole store ! i ended up with 2 pairs of great jeans ( which are typically hard to find in thrift stores ) and 2 new-to-me shirts . success ! the feel of the store is funky . the employees are cool , the music is cool , the clothes are cool . the storefront is situated on state street pedestrian `` mall '' which i recommend for a casual stroll , eat , and shop destination . i ca n't wait for my next trip up to madison so i can visit this store again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , one of my favorite goodwill stores around . it does n't smell funky , no small children running amuck and no weirdos hanging out . as melek l. mentioned , most of the items are perfectly good items . i bought a used 'nana repub black shirt for work play , pill free , rich no fade color still in tact . $ 3.99 . i also found a dark grey pair of amazing butt-a-riffic yoga pants , also $ 3.99 . cutie-pie plum vest that channels my inner-punky brewster ... $ 3.99 . bargains galore ! and please stop by their impressive , immaculately clean and nicely tiled bathroom . it boasts to be the `` best bathroom on state street '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to goodwill stores before to drop things off or look for halloween costumes to throw together , but this is the cleanest most organized goodwill store i have ever been in ! ! i 'm from chicago and the stores around me are so junky looking . i mean i know it 's a thrift store , but come on , you could organize things to make it look nicer and make things easier for people to shop . everything in this store is color coordinated and organized according to size..how it should be . they seperate the shoes from the clothes rather than just throwing them on top of the rack . in the back it looks like a mini shoe store..very nice . they also arrainged the furniture nicely and the little knick knacks they may get in . i actually enjoyed my visit to this goodwill..haha ! : ) great job ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wowza ! my memories of goodwill are tinged by what i 've experienced about twenty years ago ... dark , dingy places with slightly musty-smelling clothing . i popped into this one on a whim , and i 'm so glad i did . it was such a pleasant surprise ! the clothing is all organized by size , and the store has a great selection of brands . the merchandise quality and cleanliness really compares to some of the best `` consignment '' stores i 've seen . i picked up a pair of paige jeans that fit perfectly and a ann taylor sweater for less than $ 11 . i heard the cashier ( whose tag said `` assistant manager '' ) say to another customer that the area goodwill sends some of its best stuff to this location . i wish all thrift stores were as good as this one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be awesome . however , it has been closed for some time . however , i loved it as i always found many nice , like-new plus sized clothing items . in fact , for that reason , i have referred to it as the `` magic goodwill . '' please come back !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the nicest goodwill stores i have ever been in . not only is it clean and very well organized , it has a great selection of nice clothes and super friendly staffers . they also seem to have a good spread of sizes with the exception of small men 's clothes . but then again , men 's clothes are hard to find in thrift stores since they wear everything until it 's falling apart . for anyone who hates thrift store shopping , this is the place for you . they organize everything by article of clothing , ( t-shirts , blouses , sweaters , dresses , short skirts , long skirts , men 's work shirts , etc ) then they separate them by size , then it is put in order of color . need a black button down shirt ? go to the button down shirt rack in your size and look for the black ones . brilliant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eek ! maybe uw madison students are n't chubby , but i have not once found this store to have anything worth purchasing ! i am a size 14 16 and all the clothes i seem to find in that size range are dowdy and shapeless . not only that , but that clothes seem to be marked up a little more than i have seen at other area goodwills . besides that , i 've found service to be lacking as well . yesterday , 12 15 12 , i walked in to find 3 employees ? at least they may have been employees ? one gal was behind the counter and two people were talking to her sitting on the floor . really professional looking and all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this small goodwill store offers some pretty decent finds . it 's all clothes and accessories . like another reviewer metioned , college kids seem to throw out perfectly good items . jeans , tshrits , shoes ... . all organized well . it makes browsing quick and fun . go here before you hit up the more expensive stores like bop . chances are you 'll find a pair of $ 200 jeans for $ 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it might have been because there were a bunch of high school shits there when i walked in and they were obnoxious , or it might have been due to the fact i could n't find much that i liked here in terms of quality of outfits and the types offered , but i ca n't justify giving this place more than 3 stars . it also does n't help that i got a nasty look from two of the staff members having a conversation because i just wanted to get my items checked out . yikes . there are some neat things here and the prices are great : i found a really nice suit here for $ 10 that fit perfectly ! the store is organized very nicely too , as well , but that 's something i 've noticed across the board at most goodwills i 've been to , so it 's consistent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well organized , great selection -- really something for everyone . from casual wear to work wardrobe you can definitely find it here . even if you 're not too keen on buying thrift , most of their selection is 'nearly new ' ... and i need not emphasize our economy for those of the wise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "over the past year , i 've slowly replaced pretty much my entire wardrobe with clothes from this goodwill . i 've been trying not to buy new clothes because it 's so difficult to find out anything about the production process at most mainstream stores , and this store has made that goal possible . no questionable labor practices , little environmental impact ( no production of new clothes with new materials ! ) , reduced consumer impact , ability to contribute to an awesome business , and such good prices ! -- a total dream come true . plus , the store is clean and well-organized and offers a huge range of high-quality , fashionable , appropriate clothing ( in a way that not many thrift stores do ) . definitely as good it gets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "negative 5 stars if possible . i 'm not trying to be racist here , there 's this fat african american lady who gave me so much attitude at the register . sooooo much attitude like i insulted her children or something . soooo much attitude like it 's her entitlement to be that way . every time she rolled her eyes at me and belittled me , asking for my id , telling me not to touch the credit card pin pad , telling me one item per customer for some reason , etc . i did n't even get `` thank you for coming to best buy '' cuz i got `` here is your receipt , please leave . '' i told her manager . she just stared at me from the register like she was going to kill me , and the other customers were just waiting . so when other reviewers say the staff here is crazy ... take their word for it . never coming back for safety reasons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the store is organised so look around find what you can ! for any other queries about the products you will have to rely on google and online reviews.the employees here seem to be having a field day , they like to finish tea & scones before they can attend to the customers . however if you are the chosen one and they decide to help you.the best they can do is tell you that they have no idea about the products ( basically anything in the store ) . they also have a geek squad which would be better if they could get off their high horse . also they love to recommend the more expensive products and accessories without understanding the customer requirements . i would recommend shopping online . cheers !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please do not go there or let them swindle you into a geek squad plan . they tell you at your purchase everything is covered and then something happens and all of a sudden it is a $ 200 deductible . these people are rude and have no right to treat any customer this way . i will be returning any purchase i have made at best buy and will no longer shop there in the future . you will have better luck finding your product on amazon and at least they know how to treat their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store has terrible customer servive.our sales associate was interested only in upselling us thier extended warranty . and of ccourse if you buy a tv you have to spend an additonal $ 150 on cords and surge protectors . they advertise `` free next day delivery '' which means when you buy a tv on tuesday they will rush right and deliver it next monday . no one can do anything and of you have a concern you have to speak to 7 different jackasses that do n't actually help you , thry just try to sell you gek squad services . avoid best buy , i know i will .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is specifically about the assistant manager , sean . unfortunately , i had a very negative experience here . i was trying to get some clarification on best buy 's price match policy -- which , mind you , is a bit fuzzy -- and was berated by this employee . he was condescending , unhelpful and rude . he told me that because my opinion is different than his ( or rather , that my 'interpretation ' is different ) i am wrong . i was reading to him from the best buy website and he was not only dismissive but very disrespectful . he came into the conversation with a negative and aggressive disposition . it 's quite apparent how little he values good customer service . i have never been treated so poorly by an assistant manager before . truly shocking . needless to say , i will never return to this best buy location , nor will i bring business to any best buy retailers in the future . furthermore , the product i am looking for is significantly cheaper on amazon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "boyfriend bought a laptop here . we were not asked once if we needed help and when we waited by the geek squad desk to ask about windows ten they blatantly ignored us and rushed another customer . we walked to check out and two cashiers at customer service offered to help us immediately even though there were about 10 people in the customer service line . after the female cashier pressured my boyfriend to buy microsoft office i told her no thank because we get it free through school . she immediately gave me attitude and said it was a trial and i replied that it was not . she then rolled her eyes at me and said `` oh you must be so special then '' ! ! ! so incredibly rude . the two cashiers also were talking to each other while they helped us and we heard them cuss several times . just awful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "borderline scam relative to selling warranties on products that already have warranties . example : wife went in to purchase the wifi philips light bulbs because they were out on amazon and the price was better at bb . during the checking out process the employee asked if she wanted to purchase a warranty coverage plan for each bulb because they sometimes break . the philips box states it has a two year warranty , so why is bb trying to duplicate warranties ? further these bulbs are dropping in price year over year , why would be want to purchase a warranty for 30-60 % of the cost of the product if it is going to depreciate that same amount in a year . selling warranties on highly depreciable items is a scam . i remember 20 years ago when bb recommended we purchase a gold plated usb cord because it was `` better '' and wanted us to get a warranty with it , now usb chords are free . what a racket , best of luck !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been trying for over an hour to just get someone on the phone at this location to ask a simple question . is that not a customer service we are allowed these days ? ! ! i am so mad i would do anything to never deal with these people again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought my gopro , but didnt have the largest sd card at the same location . the staff at this location were sooo helpful at helping me to ensure that the sd card that i had was the best for the product i bought and that the gopro worked properly . i was soo grateful . i got some amazing pics from our vacation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a lenovo laptop for college , did n't like it so i returned it for a samsung laptop with 4k display . they made the return super easy and let me go look for laptops while they inspected my computer . at least 10 people walking around very easy to find help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hard drive crashed but i had an extended warranty that covered the cost of repair . the geek squad was very helpful , informative , and were very quick with thier turnaround time . i am happy to have my laptop back so quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate this location . worst customer service . wo n't let me exchange a defective asus laptop 10 days after the 30 days . gave it to them to fix and failed 3 times . the geek squad girl was rude and i believe they tampered the serial code on the laptop . basically tried to charge me when i told them it 's under warranty for the first year . they said they wo n't exchange it but will keep fixing it because it 's under warranty . worst $ 700 investment on asus and bestbuy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't call over the phone , i 've tried twice and have waited for over 15 minutes and had no help", "score": "1"}
{"review": "john & stephanie deserve huge praise for the way they represent bb tempe . never have a bad experience with them or their store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for black friday deal this year for the free samsung galaxy s4 phone . waited for an hour and another 30 minutes to set-up . came out a happy person . overall service was great . however the mobile tech did n't get my permission for me to approve my 2-year contract and he did n't mention anything about early termination fees when i check-out . i think the mobile department manager needs to retrain those people just to make sure all bases are covered . overall service was great and the store have a good lighting since it 's very bright . good location , definitely a stop if you need any electronic products .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this branch definitely needs more employees , it takes you an hour to get an apple product since there is a lack of employees . overall , the stuff are nice and welcoming . i used their restroom , nice and clean .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first off let me say , i absolutely love best buy and i am a very frequent shopper but in my visit to this location i have lost my interest in ever stepping foot into this location again . this review is based on several different visits to the location but has the same overall point . i have never been so uncomfortable simply walking around a store to browse merchandise i was asked about 10 times no exaggeration within 15 mins if i was `` finding everything ok ? '' now i am one who appreciates acknowledgement and greetings and do not like to be ignored but there is such thing as over doing it not only did they do this but also had random secret shoppers who in my opinion need a new line of work because they were literally standing over my shoulder . i 've never been charged with shoplifting and every time i 've walked out of this store never been confronted or even accused you would think they would pay attention to the real thieves then to harass returning customers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a best buy . the layout is more or less the same . their stuff is generally stocked and easy to find . i do n't often get much attention walking around the store , which is fine when i 'm browsing , but it 'd be really nice to be able to find an employee when you need one . sometimes i wish there 'd be a map telling you where all the employees are so we can actually find them if we have a question . i might be referring to a real-life marauder 's map here . maybe . bottom line , amazon is still my preferred `` stop '' for electronics .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was n't sure about coming to this best buy bc of the reviews but while in tempe for some client work i realized i forgot my laptop charger back home in chicago . with limited options , i stopped in here with my laptop hoping they 'd have a charger . unfortunately they did n't have the dell charger i needed , and they did n't have a universal charger with the proper dell connector and wattage for my model but the computer sales guy sat with me and opened up three different chargers so we could test which worked . i ended up getting a universal charger with a dell adapter but one with the incorrect wattage . it is n't one i can use regularly without compromising the battery and i was n't happy about having drop almost $ 90 but it did the job . i was n't thrilled about the selection options but was very pleased with the service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wandered around for 22 minutes before someone offed to help me - not a busy time of the day , not a lot of customers in the store . at this point i was irritated since i was trying to buy a decent laptop and had a dozen questions . six days later returned and this time i wandered for over a half hour and watched employees take selfies , check facebook , have pow wows , got shoulder checked by one guy and felt like i was interrupting a male bonding session when i needed to go and ask for assistance . worst customer service imaginable . in this day in age you really need to make sure you 're taking care of the consumer - not making them feel bothersome . this store falls way short . there was one decent employee out of the bunch who took care of me after i griped to him . i 'll look up his name and do an edit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in to buy car stereo . girl in that dept was not helpful she sucked beyond belief . my husband had to keep trying to calm me down . i kept telling him that bitch is lazy she needs to pull the box to give us the specs or look it up online . she kept oky dokying me and just giving me the easiest answer to not have to do a thing . later i went home and looked up all the question i had on the product i was interested in . she told at least 10 bull shit lies because she was a dumb ass lazy person . great price but you have to do all the work . make sure you do your homework or you will end up with the wrong thing !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i could n't figure out how to get my dvd 's onto my pc hard drive , since i have no other way to view my baby 's videos -- kudos to geek squad guy hamas , who saved me the time headache cost . and rosa from the mobile dept . got my itunes music transferred to my samsung galaxy , a feat that i was told was either impossible or too complicated to make it worth the trouble ! these `` kids '' make it look easy , with a great attitude -- thanks x 1000 ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dentist ever ... i 've been coming here since 1990 and dr kohlmeyer is the tooth-father . he is painless kind gentle and he is an artist . the staff is fabulous . i love melinda ... she is the office manager extrodinaire and she will squeeze you in and make sure you are happy . just a clean humble darling dental office with a huge happy clientele .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always hated the dentist and after my experience with dr. kohlmeyer and his amazing staff , i can honestly say that i love the dentist . everyone was very professional and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional . the whole staff makes you feel relaxed and comfortable . dr. kohlmeyer is a very caring dentist . thanks for being there for your patients . jim marynow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with the service and dr. kohlmeyer is remarkable . knowledgeable and caring all wrapped up in one . i had a test done that was the first time the test was done in my almost 50 years of life ! ! ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . the office looks like just in the pictures very warm and welcoming the staff is great and extremly helpful . phoenic family medical clinic is great for those who dont have insurance and or are underinsured . i dont think i could have gone to a better place its was fast and easy and they answered all my questions they even do priscription .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have not ever seen the dr , just the pa and i must say hanne maturo is excellent and thorough . i had my wellness exam and she covered everything including all blood work . previous posts are correct about time ! call in advance to see if they are running behind . once you get there , let them know you are busy and have scheduled for a set time . the staff is very nice and does their best to accommodate . the only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is due to the delays not due to hanne maturo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so my appointment was at 1pm.. filled out the form in 10 min so 1:10p.. it 's now:1:35pm and am barely being taken to the back . but i 'm a new patient and of course all the info takes time . met the fnp nichole she is great very friendly and a smile on her face . is it time consuming for a new patient dr appt yes . just like any other place . but they seem nice . first impression walking in was ok it 's clean and simple . they have a television and magazines to read . no wifi which i can understand because it 's a doctors office with personal information . the rooms were clean . i am good with this practice and would come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very shady my doctor left and i found this out when i called to get my prescription filled . they told me i would have to make an appointment with the new doctor . i decided to go some place else . i went to the pharmacy to pick my new prescription and found out the new doctor prescribed me the wrong meds . very unprofessional and kinda scary .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nikcole thompson , msn , fnp-c - my 20 year old son wanted to call and conference me in during the appointment as was too far away to come in person and he has been having some severe issues- she said no ! it should have been his decision not hers . does she not like her job ? not sure i would recommend a medical office when you schedule an appointment with a doctor and only get a fnp who does n't understand what `` nursing '' means . nursing : a profession within the health care sector focused on the care of individuals , families , and communities so they may attain , maintain , or recover optimal health and quality of life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called to schedule an appointment and was able to get one that fit my schedule , which was very helpful . it is hard to schedule a doctor appointment or dentist appointment on short notice , but family medical clinic fit me in on short notice . their staff is nice , some more robotic than others . i saw one of the pa 's and she was very nice and communicated well . i was in and out with no problem at all . overall , it was a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . they never call back , never on time with appointments . never call to tell me when my prescriptions are ready to pick up . i took my file and file left this dump .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have only had experience with the front-office staff so this is a review on that experience . they strictly follow policies that are ill-conceived and in direct detriment to patients in regards to medication refills . they say that refills require 24-48 hours to be authorized but you have to repeatedly call to get them to follow through . i have walked out more times than not without my promised refill prescription .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not book your appointment here ! ! ! ! i 've had the worst experience with them . i do n't even understand how they are still in business . i 've had to call multiple times in regards to prescription refills and they still will not have it done . i was then told that they will call me within a week in regards to a referral , but that also never happened . i decided to go see them again about six months later for a prescription refill and was told again that they would call me within a week about my referral . not to my surprise , they failed again . i called them back to express my frustration and let them know not to bother going forward with my referral and that i would find a specialist myself , all the receptionist said was `` okay ... okay bye . '' i do not recommend this clinic at all . save yourself the stress and find a better clinic to go to ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this place ! i thoroughly believe what they are doing here borders on unethical medical practice guidelines . you never see the actual doctor , you see the pas but are not informed about this unless you ask . in the last year they have misread lab work to me , messed up prescriptions ( sending in wrong prescriptions ) and billed me incorrectly . although , i 've requested multiple times in the last month , i have yet to receive a call back from their office manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had several bad experiences with this clinic . i had explained to one of the dr 's that i was super emotional and it was really out of the ordinary for me ... she kept saying i was depressed or suicidal , i was n't ... it 's a hormone imbalance for which another doctor is helping me with and i 'm feeling much better ... next i was late by 8 minutes to an appointment , the front desk informed me that i had to reschedule as they wanted to close the office as i had missed my appointment . bedside manor is seriously lacking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the people who run this joint have no idea how to communicate with clients . they are either completely ignorant or just do n't care but either way stay away from this place ! ! they never return phone calls and seldomly answer the phone which is totally unprofessional ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm so tired of this place ! they constantly change pas and got never see the actual doctor . the newest pa they have here is horrible ! she tried to prescribe me anti-anxiety meds when i came in with a cold because she said i was nervous about getting sick ... .seriously ? ? i 've been coming here for about a year which equates to about 5 visits and the last 2 are it . she argued with me about changing a medication when i said i did n't want to . will never be back here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've read these reviews about dr. bescak & i could n't disagree more with the negative reviews . he is the only positive force in this clinic . he is the most empathetic , concerned , pro-active doctor that i have met in a long time . i 'm a retired nurse , medical office technician & can tell you that the problem is not dr. bescak , it 's the non-concerned office staff , who do n't return calls , get prescriptions filled prudently greet you properly & 'have no desire to help a patient in need .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolute worst walk in clinic . went in on a saturday afternoon , got a prescription went to the pharmacy and realized it had another patients name on it . i called them they told me the office was closed and i would have to wait until monday for my antibiotic . it is now monday , i called them this morning , they did not even apologize for what had happened . it 's now 2 in the afternoon , have not received a call and they are not answering their phones . never go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my parents just purchased a ford ranger and we were all blown away by the service here . mike , allen , david , johnny and jose are all people who helped make this a special purchase . we were dealing with a slow bank to get the loan and they were n't at all pushy through the entire process . they were incredibly detailed and put up with a million questions . not only do they sell vehicles here but they also gave us a great deal and were super helpful with my mom 's tires on her car . thank you so much for taking such great care of my dad ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best experience i have had purchasing a vehicle . amazing team over there . david , you sir are the man . even after i purchased the vehicle as is , they still took care of my cel and replaced the part no ? s asked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dianah was a tremendous source of wisdom , strength and support for me throughout my pregnancy , birth and first few months of new motherhood . she was always there to lend an ear , a shoulder or an encouraging text . she listened and answered my questions thoroughly and without judgment ( yes even to my ridiculously bizarre questions and comments ) . i was so fortunate to have found her and had her as a part of my birth team . she is truly an amazing person and midwife .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dianah is truly a part of our family . she 's honest , informative , and so calming . we love her ! she was there for the birth of both of my children . the first was an unplanned hospital birth and she was not required to be there but she stayed with us . her presence was an elemental part of keeping my sanity during a very stressful labor and birth . i was honored to have her care during my second pregnancy and birth . always there , a text or call away . she 's also great at the technical stuff and always willing to do the research if she 's not sure . ca n't say enough good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to go float yourself on a whim after seeing it by the movie theater i have to tell you i was a bit skeptical however i decided to give it a try and i 'm so incredibly glad that i did i 'm recovering from multiple knee surgeries from a bad fall in my knee with taking something significantly and very swollen . i went and tried out the service and i have to tell you it pulled the swelling out of my leg and i felt incredibly relaxed and had a deep deep sleep that it was wonderful and i will use this modality again but i strongly recommend those in high stress positions and or people recovering from surgery or aches and pains utilize this incredible relaxation technique . the staff was incredibly knowledgeable the facility was extremely clean and upscale the shower was warm the tank with spacious enough for me and i 'm a big man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never heard of floating as a therapy until very recently , so when go float yourself opened up , i was intrigued . i have been here several times since , and can not say enough good things about this place . being completely without distractions in a peaceful environment is worth its weight in gold , and not only is it great for introspective reasons , but it feels amazing too . i love coming here , and these ladies are absolutely wonderful . i have noticed a huge decrease in lumbar pain afterwards , which is probably due to some spinal realignment as you float , weightless in the water . i highly recommend trying it out , if you never have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very unique holistic modality useful for treating variously aches & pains . the facility is clean & relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the experience was n't for me . it delivers as promised if you are into this kind of relaxation but for me personally it was not life changing or conducive to being in a meditative state . salt water easily gets into the eyes and once that happens , the experience is ruined . staff was very nice and knowledgeable and the establishment and equipment was clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so relaxing and detoxifying . felt like you are in a womb . definitely not for anyone claustrophobic or in a hurry . give yourself a good 2 hours to get through the whole process and not feel rushed . will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only been once . the gentleman working was very friendly and helpful . it was clean . i personally had a hard time relaxing and shutting my brain off . i think i could get better if i return . prices are a bit high . over all glad i tried it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my experience so much ! the first time i left feeling very relaxed but so heavy and drained , if you will . i was told that 's normal . the second time , i left feeling much better- a deeper sense of peace . they say the more you do it , the better it gets ! i 'm looking forward to my third time around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to try their noodles for lunch today , but they were closed . lights out at around 12:10pm . came by about an hour later , lights on with people inside , but doors locked . very odd that they were n't open for lunch ; without even a note to indicate why and when they 'd be open again . i also noticed that the chinese name has changed . not sure if i want to try to see if they 're open when i 'm around the neighbourhood . i 'll amend my 1-star when i 'm able to get in the next time . for now , it 's worth the 1-star given the annoyance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just paid $ 6.99 for store brought dumplings , taste exactly like the ones i got from t & t . so disappointed ! my bf ordered the wonton soup , the soup has no flavor , the wonton is bad quality and probably had no meat in it . the only good thing was the fried tofu side dish we got , at least it tasted fresh . never coming back again ... . might as well just make my own .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing notable except how most of the dishes tasted like it came out from a frozen aisle in a supermarket . nothing surprising or exciting . experience did n't get better as i accidentally left my keys in the restaurant after closing . called frantically for hours without success ... worst part was called the next day without a single person picking up the phone ! ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the first time that i have been to this salon . on the positive side , the facility was clean and the equipment was very nice . i had a pedicure , only . the big negative was that the 3 women that were working there were speaking , i think , vietnamese amongst each other . there was another client with me and the workers continued to speak vietnamese . this is a huge negative for me . i think it is very rude to speak another language when these women are doing clients nails . these women are working in the united states and they should speak the language in their place of business . because of this , i will not go there again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the girls are very professional and what a great salon , all remodeled and just reopened new management . you wo n't go wrong , best i 've ever had . will keep going back worth the drive for great nails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leann did a fabulous pedicure for me . great massage , scrub , oils and cream . she made a really cute flower on my big toes . the women are very professional , the equipment is new and there is a beautiful patio in back . i would go back every few weeks , if i lived in the area , but alas i was only visiting scottsdale . this was the best pedicure that i have had and my feet and toe nails look great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very nice walmart if you 're looking to pick up some groceries , especially if you 're in a hurry . they only have food and home products ( hence the market name ) , so do n't come if you 're looking for electronics , toys , decor , or anything like that . the produce selection is very good and very fresh , especially for a walmart . the dairy and meat selections are a little lacking in variety but not quality of items , same with the store as a whole . it 's a smaller store , so you might not find the item you 're looking for if it 's a very specific product , but as a whole they seem to keep things well stocked and you should be able to find any staple foods you 'd need . also they have a ton of self-checkout lanes , so if you 're looking to get in and out quickly i 'd highly recommend this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to seek out the closest wal-mart and found this versus the wal-mart further down road . as usual , i 'll pick my produce first . the roma tomatoes were n't as clean and red-looking like back home . these had some brown spots . everything was in stock . i had no issues of looking for something and it was n't there . there was n't a lot of chobani flip choices but that 's okay at the time because i only needed a few feeling indifferent about the rice pudding i purchased last night ( 4 10 ) and it says best eaten by 4 12 . i really feel like this should have been marked down ( like last week ) ! i wish i looked before purchasing . 3.5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i despise this particular walmart , it seems a lot more `` walmart '' then other walmarts . every time i pull up there are always a ton of employees smoking just in front of the door ! they used to stand on the side at a table but they have all moved up front so you have to go through disgusting smoke to get inside . the inside also seems so dark all the time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "totally a locals hangout . this very unpretentious wine bar is a favorite . the owner , darlene , has a great selection of wines from smaller labels for you to try . if you 're not sure what to get they 'll help you find a bottle in your price range . they 've got the cheap stuff all the way to the $ 80+ range ( if you feel like spending some money ) . you can buy a bottle at retail , open it up at their bar and enjoy it with a nosh . lots of smaller appetizers ( cheese and crackers , etc ) . or , order by the glass flight from their bar . checkout their website before you go . or if you live in the area , subscribe to their email newsletter . there is something different going on every day ( live music , tastings , specials , etc . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i originally reviewed this restaurant when it was under old ownership . i have been a couple of times since the new owners took over , and it gets better each time . they ask for input when you get your bill , and the menu has changed a bit since my first visit under new ownership . the selections are great . i love the different wine flight options they have . i have only had a few things on the menu , but the bruchetta was amazing ! they have updated the seating area and added a patio . the live music is always awesome , and really helps create a relaxing environment . the servers are really friendly and knowledgeable . a few people mentioned high prices , but i think it 's on par with all the other wine bars i have visited . plus , the food is better than most and the service is great . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood hang out . the owner and staff are very cool and the place is extremely clean and relaxing . they serve wine and beer , with and extensive list of both . the happy hour is 11am-6pm with $ 2 off wine and $ 5 warm brie ( delish ! ) this is a great place to meet some friends for a drink . they have wine tastings on wednesdays and other various events throughout the month . i will be back ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "too stuck up and over priced for gilbert . needs a decent happy hour . i 'll just wait til postinos is in gilbert !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for a couple years and was excited about the new owner coming in . i really like the changes in decor and the additions of the leather sofas & chairs , partitions and cool candle lighting . it was nice to be greeted by hostess . the wine was great . i really enjoyed both glasses i ordered . i also must say our server was excellent and very friendly . but , the food was definitely not an improvement . it is overpriced and portions are teeny . for instance the $ 12 salad was smaller than any side salad i have ever seen . i will return for drinks , but will definitely not order food here again unless things change . boy , i sure do miss the panini sandwiches they used to serve .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "arrived at vine expressions at 6:05pm on dec 27 , 2012 to find the business closed . we checked both front and back doors.. we drove to vine expressions after phoning and listening to the recorded message with their hours , and after checking the date on their website events : `` angela ferrari the girl has pipes ! ! whenthu , december 27 , 6pm - 9pm descriptionmeet your sommelier taste four wines more details\u00bb '' ps- i found this post online that the business is on again , off again , was also closed in october - http : mouthbysouthwest.com 2012 10 19 closed-vine-expressions-in-gilbert", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i frequent here often and love it . the atmosphere is very relaxing , the food is very , very good and the employees are awesome . we will continue to return as often as possible !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try this place friday evening . i was disappointed for the following reasons : 1 staff was not helpful in guiding us in selecting wine 2 some of the staff is snotty . 3 . pricey , just two glasses of wine and nosh plate was $ 60 dollars and the nosh plate was not that tasty the wine i tasted was good however i do n't think i will be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "used to come under previous ownership and wanted to try again ... what a disappointment . we walked in at 10 till 9 and were told that they closed at 10 . we were treated like an inconvenience . the band was entertaining but service was unfriendly . the only reason i 'm giving 2 stars in because i liked the wine selection .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very extensive selection by the glass or bottle . the staff is very friendly and helpful . they have a nice patio also that has heating elements for fall and winter enjoyment . try it out . bruschetta is tasty as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! best food you 'll find in the city of gilbert . nice staff , great wine selection . relaxed atmosphere ; you can literally sit and drink wine as long as you want . also , cheap corkage fee ( only ten dollars ) . so , grab your soul mate , grab a delicious bottle of wine off of the shelf and enjoy an amazing night afternoon into night at this amazing venue !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in this week since the new owners took over . have to say as much as i liked this place before , they definitely took all the good parts and expanded on it . i always liked the bar and the small couch seating area , now the bar is just as amazing as ever with friendly and knowledgeable staff and the entire place is mostly `` conversation groupings '' with comfortable arm chairs and couches with a few tall tables here and there . not to mention , they carry rombauer chardonnay by the glass ! sure it 's a bit too pricey at $ 15 a glass but after a rough week it was exactly what i needed and the size was definitely generous . this is the first time i 've found it by the glass on this side of town so i was definitely in my happy place . ca n't wait until the girls get together here and give the new menu a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have now been coming here about once a week for maybe three years . loved it on my original review . as you continue to go here you love it more . great staff , cool regulars and new customers , very good live music ( especially brian ) , and our neighborhood hangout . come here and check it out because you will come back . i had written this and never finished it . they ended up closing . a lot of people were bummed because we all loved it . oh well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "darlene and her staff are fantastic ! live music , great selection and for beer drinkers like me , there is a great selection of really good beer . i hold my business meetings there twice a month b c of the great service and great atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so good . the mushroom & spinach flatbread pizza had me craving it the next day . nice atmosphere too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their vip soft opening was great ! food was perfect and the wine made it even better . we had great service and was nice to talk to the owner john ! with is reopening and a new owner looks to be a great place to enjoy some great food and taste some great arizona wines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food . great wine . bad service . we made a reservation for a party of 20 . they were prepared for us seating wise ( obviously knew we were coming ) , but apparently were n't prepared in the kitchen or the bar for a full house on a friday night . our appetizers took 40 minutes . some of our drinks took 25 minutes . our dinners took about 30 minutes . in a place that seats only about 45 and was only full with about 30 , we were appalled at the lack of attention we received from our sever and how long it took to get simple dishes like spinach artichoke dip and cheese plates . it was a 30th birthday celebration that was only made good because of the friends and wine . absolutely disappointed in the way we were served . to top it off because it was a large group , we were automatically given an 18 % gratuity on our check ... .. wish i could have left a better review .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "vine expressions is a local haunt in the heart of gilbert . it has a confortable environment , friendly and knowledgeble staff , and some really good wine at a reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's back and better then ever . attended a soft opening event last evening and sampled a four course offering of new menu items . outstanding and delicious . if this is indicative of the regular menu items , it ; blows away the previous menu offerings . seating is primarily couches and overstuffed chairs in a conversation pit arrangement which makes for an intimate experience . a few high tops and the bar is also avalable . new wait staff that is extremely friendly and go out of their way to get to know you and ensure you are enjoying your visit . it 's apparent a lot of people were waiting for vine expressions to re-open . tthe place was slammed saturday evening . the new owner is also the owner of jerome winery and the wine selection now include his vintages . highly recommend the syrah shiraz . i 'm glad vine expressions is back , it 's like an old friend coming back to town . see you there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good : nice wines . excellent live music . bad : my group of 4 was told by the bartender that she had to help the seated customers at the bar first rather than us 4 standing waiiting for drinks . we entered the business 20 mins before the seated guests . wow . served all of us once we got a table but forgot my girls ' wine . no apology . no discount . no acknowledgement . no nothing . wow . was an owner as well apparently . as we were leaving , no acknowledgement of thanks for coming , come back and see us , nothing . just busy washing wine glasses behind the bar . if it was not for the live music , would not step inside this place . this is why the place will not last because of reviews like this . you have to have a better customer experience . customer service poor=lack of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had never been here before but decided to try going for happy hour . from the moment we arrived we had great service from darlene and crew . they offered ideas of wines to try , were prompt with service , the warmed brie , panini sandwiches and other appetizers were very good . while we had eight people buying wine , beer and assorted food they had no problem taking care of us and offered to split the bill up after the fact ... something many places wo n't do if you ask and never offer to do ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "updating my review as the owner contacted me and was so kind . i think my experience was probably a fluke and i 'm glad to have heard back . i was unhappy with my experience , but based on what the owner said , i think they probably provide great service usually .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i went to scottsdale last september and had the pleasure of meandering into this store- beverly was so pleasant and engaging in her art we both fell in love with some bracelets ( very easy to do ) .. he just took the bracelet out for our winter vacation trip and i realized how special a piece it is all over again- we looked her up again and i decided that it was important to acknowledge her creativity even if it is months later ! ! pls check this place out- we will see her again on our next southwestern trip for new special gifts ! ! thanks- kiki and jd", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife was thrilled with the jewelry and the service each time we came in . beverly even special made earrings to meet sarah 's tastes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome store . beverly was super nice and has a great eye in design . her husband was a wealth of information as well . i have had more than a dozen people compliment my bracelet . we ended up buying pieces for my wife , my daughter and myself . we love them all . thanks again and we will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beverly has an excellent eye for creating unique jewelry . her wrist wraps typically combine beads and leather , or woven material , into beautiful pieces . last year , i purchased two wrist wraps and two necklaces . when i returned to scottsdale this year i stopped and found a beautiful piece that was too large for my wrist . beverly is creating a smaller piece and changing a few elements , per my request . love coming here . she and her husband are wonderful people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beverly 's jewelry is absolutely beautiful . a great subtle arizona-feel gift . i own one of her wrap bracelets and get so many compliments . just recently my bracelet broke after getting snagged on something and i brought it in to her and she fixed it in less than an hour , free of charge . i bring all my out-of-town guests here to shop . definitely a great old town must-see shopping spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after getting my nails done at pistols n polish in old towne scottsdale , i happened upon this new jewelry gallery and was stunned by the art . i was n't able to meet beverly moore , but she does all of her work out of this studio . her jewelry , for the past four years , has been featured in the sports illustrated swimsuit issue . they are amazingly beautiful and look like they grew straight out of the earth . her husband sold me this piece and told me that each piece contains a unique bead that ms. moore fires just for that piece and adds a small stone of arizona turquoise to . i love that the piece i am wearing has that local touch to it ! this is definitely the place i will think of going first when i want a unique gift or to add to my newly started collection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! these girls are extremely professional and do an amazing job . i was hesitant to go get my eye brows threaded but they assured me they would do a great job ! they were right ! sabrina hooked it up ! and it 's only 9 bucks ! definitely coming back for great work and excellent customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samantha & sharine ( spelling ? ) were so awesome and helpful . they were very friendly , easygoing and made me feel very comfortable while i was there . i do n't normally chat at all during my beauty visits , but with sam & sharine , i was a regular chatterbox . i felt very welcomed and put at ease . they were also very knowledgeable in their craft and did a great job . i went in there because i had a groupon to get my eyebrows waxed , but when i checked their prices , i went ahead and got a few more services done , because it was so affordable . i ended up getting the eyebrow wax and shaped , eyebrow henna , body waxing and a facial . it was a lot of fun and i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kelsey is amazing ! my brows are on point ! definitely recommend the special with brows and lashes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as times marches on i am little less obsessed with groupon deals like i was back in the day . i did n't have much expectations when purchasing a groupon for an eye brow wax , but what the heck for 5.00 bucks it was worth a go , right ? ! lol . the quality was just as great if not better than a high end scottsdale salon . the fact that its located in walmart , is a smart business decision the owner made to increase there traffic ( a wise move as a former business owner myself ) : ) i was very impressed with samantha who turns out to be the manager as well as an eye brow expert.there was no pressure to up grade to other services there . at the last minute i wanted to tint my brows and she was a doll about it , even though i was ready to roll out of there , she took the extra time no problem . i highly recommend seva for eyebrow tinting and waxing : ) no appointment needed and its super duper fast to get in and out of there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was okay . made an appointment but another girl was taken care of who arrived after i did . i opted for a brow wax instead of threading but i feel that they could have done a better job . their credit card machine broke , so i had to pay in cash ( luckily i had it at the time ) . the tech was nice and friendly , though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so ... the people were very nice . i went in for lash extensions and by the time i made it home a couple of my clusters fell out ... the next morning 4 more fell out . i have been getting lash extensions for some time now so i am well aware of how to properly take care of them ... . this was just a poor installation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i read reviews and saw pictures on yelp and decided to give it a try . alas , for whatever reason , it seems things have changed at this restaurant . banh mi are now $ 5 each , with the exception of the tofu one which costs more . i got the grilled pork and pate one , and it was majorly disappointing . a few skimpy slices of bbq pork , which was kind of spam-like ; not a problem by itself , but for $ 5 and the quantity i kind of expected actual grilled pork slices . the worst part was the pate , though . there were seriously like three smears of it . basically all i could taste was the pickled vegetables , which were abundant . my vietnamese iced coffee was mostly ice and i finished it while we were waiting for the food to be ready .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bang for your buck ! love this place , as good if not better than other vietnamese places in town , except so much more closer to campus than any of them . their menu is simple but so far everything i 've tried was good . and at a really really great price ! big bowl of pho or vermicelli costs only $ 7 . their banh mis are also pretty good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pork b\u00e1nh m\u00ec and i thought it was pretty good . especially given the price was only 3.85 for each one . while certainly it might not compare to some of the other vietnamese places in chicago , the place is definitely one of the best places here on campus . i definitely recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "management has since changed to the owners of xinh xinh . unfortunately , the quality has since gone down ; the pho has a similar quality to xinh xinh and is still decent for your cravings , but nothing special . the pork and rice dish i tried here was better under earlier management and had more for your money . still good for vietnamese food in champaign , but not as good as before .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has the best chinese noodle on campus . everything taste exactly like home . the price is a bit more than i expected but still reasonable . they serve signature chinese entree that 's rarely found in il . this is great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "feels like dining in china , recommend wonton , pita bread soaked in lamb soup , \u8089\u5939\u998d\uff0cwill try \u51c9\u76aenext time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a vietnamese gem ! try the pho and spring rolls and you 'll walk away with a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not a vietnamese restaurant . a friend and i ordered 2 different noodle soups . they use the same broth base which is pretty much salty water . hardly any meat and veggies . just not worth the money . do yourself a favor by buying some top ramen from the store , several heads of bok choy , some herbs and make it yourself . not only will it taste much better , you will also feed yourself for the week or so . honestly , the food is not worth the amount you are paying for it . as a student on a budget , there are better ways to spend your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what sweet little spot for pho . i would have never noticed this place if i had n't heard about it from a friend -- it 's teeny tiny and tucked away near fat sandwich . it 's dirt cheap ( everything is around $ 5 ) , and i have no complaints about the food . since the plague that is winter has hit chambana , it 's been a bit disheartening walking out of my class into pitch blackness at only 5pm . but a hot bowl of pho on a rainy , windy night after a long day can cure all of my ills . note : i do n't think they have a customer restroom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their grilled chicken was so okay . it just looked like they microwaved the food . the place is a little sad too . the dishes were piled up and employees seem not motivated with their work .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is excellent for a quick bite on campus . note : they only take cash . i usually get the wonton soup or the beef stir fry - both are delicious . the bahn mi sandwich is quite flavorful , but a bit lacking in meat . the owners are incredibly sweet and sometimes they give me rice pudding samples ( which are great ) while i wait for my food . the food usually takes 2-4 minutes to make , so this is a good choice to grab something in between classes or on a lunch break .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hard to spot from the outside ! their noodles are n't hand pulled like i thought they would be but the broth is pretty good . they serve foods like yang rou pao mou that is hard to find at other restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was awesome , then they jacked up the prices . 6 dollars for 2 spring rolls is insane . factor in the fact that i would then eat them on picnic table . the experience just is n't worth it . i got a bahn mi instead , and it was disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hands down the most authentic place i 've been to on campus for mainland chinese food . also the best noodle on campus . not for the faint of heart , best for people willing to try new things like beef tripe or pig ear ( which are both done excellently here ) . set meals are cheap , and plentiful . while they may not be flashy , the flavors are all there and brings immense satisfaction as just good , simple wholesome food . definitely a must try on campus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend the noodles with soybean paste and pork ! ! ! the texture of noodles is perfect and paste is just delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always can see full of chinese at this place . and finally i went there . the food is mostly northern chinese food including noodles , dumplings and some cold dishes . i tried stewed pork bun and beef noodle . beef noodle with the chili oil is the best combination . just average chinese food . the flavor is just ok but super super chinese . i went there with my indonesian friend and he did n't like the taste of the beef . maybe that 's the taste of sesame oil ? as for the pork bun , the stewed pork was just too salty for me , definitely not what i expected . btw , this place is cash only ( pos is broken ? )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is pretty good although the seats are limited . if you 're looking for a quick lunch or dinner , this is the place to try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with the new school year , this restaurant has changed ownership . the old owners of xinh xinh have taken over . unfortunately , the food is not at the same level as the old xinh xinh i remember . i 've had both the pho and the duck noodles . the pho 's broth was watery and lacking in flavor . the duck noodles were not bad , but the duck was incredibly bony . i struggled to recover any meaningful amount of meat from my dish . i have n't had any of their rice plate dishes yet , but they used to be good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i find this place nice only sometimes . i feel it is a bit pricey mostly . the price match only means that they match their prices from their competitor stores . though they have a lot of brands but they are not always awesome . and a tad bit pricy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "from a man 's perspective , go to the winner 's on victoria in south whitby . nothing much special here . barely any men 's dress shirts ... lots of tshirts so if you 're 14 , this is a place for you . attendants in the change room were friendly but not overly helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3 stars only because i do n't get options in terms of brands that this store carries in comparison to the winners maybe t.o downtown . otherwise a great place to find some good stuff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to this branch on a saturday to cash a check . the teller told me they had run out of cash . seriously . seriously . seriously ! i thought she was joking , one star for this being totally ridiculous & hilarious . no money at a bank . wtf . lame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst . coming to this bank is so dreadful . i have to deposit rent at b of a and this is the closest location to my work . there is always an incredibly long line that takes forever and one maybe two tellers . do n't worry though there is three people standing at the door greeting you and doing absolutely nothing productive . avoid at all cost .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hire more tellers ( 2 ) ! open your drive though ! there should not be 20 people in line . i should not have to wait 20 minutes to make a deposit . ridiculous ! ! ! ! do n't come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location sucks if you have have to go inside . the lines are always too long . they have room for 7 tellers up front but i 've only ever seen 2 working . managers and `` personal bankers '' never jump in to help yet you see them walking around or sitting at their desks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jeff a can i ask you to please . remove the last name of this banker . if the bank is the issue take it up with bank of america . if its with the person write a review to him . how would you feel if your name was on a public site . say what you want but leave the employees out of your issues", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude ! i do not know what is wrong with this branch , but this was the last time they will ever see me . the lines are always long and the employees today were rude ! i am so done ! in all the years i have visited this branch only once can i remember meeting one or two friendly employees . i have two other branches in the area that i can visit with nice employees . the wait to see an officer this saturday was 30 - 45 minutes , but when they signed me in they said it will be a few minutes . in my book a few would be less than 10 minutes thank you very much ! b of a has failed the customer service test at this branch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst bank i have ever been in . my company banks here so i have no choice . i would never put my personal accounts here . they have a `` business banking '' line , and today the teller was doing work for one of their officers and completely ignored me . three other people came in after me and were taken before me . i walked out without having my deposit made . i will do all i can to get my company to switch to another bank . this branch does not understand customer service at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tiny little place off university . i had there whole bean and cheese burrito with white rice and guacamole . nothing basic and simple about the burrito . so much flavor . one of the best i 've ever had . 3 different salsas were brought to my table and they were all amazing . i will be coming back to try the rest of the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely delicious ! not only is the food fresh and inexpensive , the staff are super friendly . i love that they have vegetarian options . the soyrizo burrito is a must ! even for the carnivores . was n't greasy at all and the burrito is huge . definitely recommend stopping by if you 're in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "damn ... so needless to say i 'm very impressed with the breakfast burrito . chorizo egg and cheese add bacon . service was great . i would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no mystery why the reviews are so high . from the minute we walked in , we were greeted and made to feel very welcome . the smell was amazing and the food did n't disappoint one bit . i had the steak breakfast burrito and my fianc\u00e9 had the bacon breakfast burrito . we loved them . the salsas were great too . free coffee and wifi , what ? ! a great spot all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is great , do not get a mix drink up stairs tho . i am not one to complain but me and my homie got an amf and it was the worst mix drink i have ever had . # bewareofupstairs # beardown lol oops , i had had a few drinks and wrote this for the wrong restaurant ^^ this was a while ago but i got a carne asada burrito i believe . it was huge , and very good . if i lived closer to tempe i would come a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , and good people rinning it . the owner is a cool guy . breakfast burrito is awesome . the carne asada tacos are really good and the had pozole sine of the weekends i 've been there and that was amazing too . recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy when i find little gems like this . great quality , unique options and good prices . my soy chorizo burrito was large , on a soft fresh warm tortilla , filled with generous amounts of soy chorizo egg and cheese . it took about 5 min for the made to order dish to arrive . the flavors were deep and bold , if that were not enough there is a trinity of hot sauces , mild green tomitillo , medium red picante and hot green avocado based sauces . each sauce was well done and made me want to have more to put them on . i ca n't wait to try more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great potential unfortunately their tacos were dry and the flavor was lackluster . but they have he concept of a great taco down , chopped asada instead of ground , street sized corn tortillas , they do use just too much cabbage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "live down the street from them & was excited to see a mexican place open up . ordered street tacos and it did not disappoint ! tastes authentic & mexican . i love a place with good carne asada tacos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . fresh ingredients and fast service . really nice having a good burrito outside of california . in addition the staff was very friendly and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a craving for tacos after playing pokemon go with my husband at tempe beach park , and using yelp found this place not far from there and with great reviews . we each got a street taco special , one chicken and one carne asada , one with pinto beans one with black . the food was delicious , but the salsa is what really made it . we got the food to go and it came with two green salsas and two red , and they were both great . my husband and i used every last drop of the four containers they sent with us to go . the red really has a kick to it , and next time i 'm going to be sure to ask to try the hot hot hot sauce . the beans and rice were excellent as well . the service was friendly and everything was very reasonably priced . we 'll have to come back and get breakfast sometime and try more of the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is , absolutely , one of the best places to eat unique tacos in phoenix , if you want a `` regular '' and `` conservative '' taco , this is n't your place , the flavors in every plate are different and full of diversity , and the king of the night is the amazing `` hot hot hot sauce '' can u imagine a celery cream with a lot of spicy flavor ? is a bomb in your mouth . the service and the family love is in all over the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place through yelp . once i saw the menu options and prices i had to try it out . the kids had pancakes , waffles , and smoothies . we had steak tacos , breakfast burritos , and pozole special . free coffee , wifi , and free refill on pozole . this food reminds me of my moms sonoran mexican cooking . bill for a table of 6 was under 40 bucks . the employees are very cordial and the owner came over to ask how everything was . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious at a great value . i love when places price their items so it 's affordable to eat there on the regular . great family owned spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people that work here are so friendly and make a great experience . shrimp tacos were so bomb , we will definitely be going back for more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish had thought to take a picture but the food was too great to be distracted by my phone . it was delicious . the portions were great , the prices fitting , the taste though . the taste was authentic . from their jamaica to their salsas , all was great . definitely will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would 've given it more stars ... but the service was just ok. not that great plus they had `` specials '' yet they were not honored . ( we got charged more than we should 've . the reason the cashier gave us : `` we have n't changed that . '' the food and portions were n't bad..but i do n't think i 'll be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decided to try this place after driving past it . it 's a great location , but the parking is somewhat limited . the lady who took our order was pleasant , but it was a little confusing trying to figure out where to order . i had the carne asada breakfast burrito and one carne asada taco . both were bland and underwhelming . i never salt my food at the table , but had to salt the burrito to get any flavor . the carne asada was dry and the flavor was lacking . overall , i love supporting local businesses but hopefully they 'll improve the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so slow . so bad . not much more can be said . yelp requires more words before this can be a review so i 'll say it again . so slow . so bad . not much more can be said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on a conference call and started to get hungry , i remembered seeing this place a couple of weeks ago and decided to give it a try since it was right around the way from work . ordered a chorizo , egg , potato and cheese burrito with both medium and hot salsa verde . the burrito was huge , chorizo was very nice , not dripping in grease like other burrito places , but the salsa was absolutely spot on . i will be stopping back at this place in the future , very tasty , good portion size , salsa was dynamite . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by for late breakfast early lunch and had a potato egg chorizo and cheese burrito ( they serve breakfast all day , by the way ) and it was one of the best breakfast burritos i have ever eaten . i used to get this same type of burrito from a little mom & pop mexican grocery near the border as a favorite breakfast when i was a kid , and the one i got here was every bit just as good and brought back so many great memories . they gave me three bottles of salsa to go with , two green and a red , and all three were fabulous . i will definitely be coming back here for another breakfast burrito fix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! ! family run little gem with super fresh ingredients and warm service . great price for large portion . new favorite neighborhood spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place just opened the other day and everything i have had here has been really tasty and the prices are super reasonable . i 've had the potato , egg , and cheese breakfast burrito , the croissant breakfast sandwich ( sub avocado for ham ) , and the shrimp street tacos . the shrimp tacos were especially good . they make their salsa fresh every hour and i am really impressed by the green salsa in particular . coffee is free every day with the purchase of food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has never disappointed ! tacos are legit . breakfast burritos are bomb , and huge . chicken caesar salad is amazing . i love the diverse menu . they even have waffles ! portions are great , especially for the price . the staff is friendly . i love this spot . they even offer free coffee", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bean and cheese burritos are soo good and the hibiscus tea is very good too . it 's a nice little restaurant if ur just looking for something nice and quant its a really good place highly recommend the burritos", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burritos are huge ! ! ! breakfast served all day ! and it 's a convenient location for me . 2 minute walk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is super fresh and the service was great . they were super courteous . free coffee too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was borderline okay . i ordered a breakfast burrito for my first time . it had bacon , potato , egg , and cheese . i was n't impressed . the tortilla was greasy and did n't feel like an authentic tortilla does . they felt store bought . the salsa was good , but the bacon was absent of meat , bearing only fat . the bread and deli items looked fresh , but i do n't know if i will return just because of it . lastly the price ... it was $ 5.00+ some change . it filled me up , but all in all , i think i 'll try somewhere else next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent food , excellent price . lots of vegetarian options that are n't on the normal menu . soy chorizo burrito is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best . mexican food in town.. definitely recommend there carna asada tacos . they have free coffee which makes it perfect , in the morning to call your order ahead of time . it 's always hot and ready , grab my coffee and off to work . the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome breakfast burritos and the green hot sauce is even better . usually the same dude is there every morning and it 's always on point ! definitely my go to spot for burritos in the hood ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service . this place is great . there food is always fresh and cooked in a timely manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are neat - go check them out . thumbs up on steak and chorizo breakfast burritos and salsa . waffles at 6pm - it 's your goto - and you can even sit outside along university and let everyone know about your waffle issue ( there are dozens of us , dozens ! - tf ) . and , if you 're lucky - you might get to meet uno of the dos diablitos in person !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little place . very friendly staff . i sat outside and was brought my meal plus sauces . carne asada taco was delicious . i work nearby and plan on bringing coworkers next : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is great and their salsas are always fresh ( green is amazing ) . i had the breakfast burrito with steak egg cheese and potatoes and was not disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good quality breakfast burritos and very friendly staff . much better than filibertos and others like it in my opinion . the deli fridge at the front filled with miscellaneous bagels in different bags was a little strange though . maybe try putting some mexican pastries in there ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was solid , staff was friendly , free coffee , and a great breakfast burrito at a fair price . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leaving 4 stars for now as i have not tried everything on the menu . had the carne asada quesadilla and was very hearty on the meat . they also serve pozole on the weekends . free wifi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so damn delicious . we got the carne asada burrito ( huge ) and chicken street tacos ( so much meat ! ) . plus they offer free coffee which was super tasty ! please give them a whirl , you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burritos are good , big , and leave you feeling full . been here a few times for the morning breakie burritos . however , they use too much cooking oil and the dining area is full of this smoke and it leaves your clothes and hair smelling like a fryer . they leave the door open for this reason , i 'm sure , but it brings in flies . would n't you want a breakie burrito with sausage ? they offer bacon and chorizo but not sausage . the hot sauce is okay , tastes watered down . nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give places 5 stars based on : did i love the food , and would i come back again ? yes and yes for this dope little taco place i like los dos more than mucha lucha because of its proximity to my office , and i hate the line at mucha . ive had the asada tacos , chicken tacos , and the asada burrito -- all very tasty and well portioned . the hot sauce is really good : the red is n't runny like other places , and the extra hot green is creamy and super good on the asada . it 's definitely since gotten spicier since my first visit , as i formally would have called it `` white people spicy '' . the extra hot green def lives more up to its name this time around . if you 're starving , go for the burritos or if it 's tuesday , get the 99 cent tacos . 5 5 will continue to come here for lunch when i can", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here recently with my family , what an amazing spot ! the food was fast , fresh , delicious , and there was plenty of it . beyond that , the restaurant staff ( family owned ) were friendly and helpful ! the restaurant itself was clean and bright , i will definitely be visiting los 2 again in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tacos were fresh ... .love the green salsa . fast friendly . great burros . great take out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ehhhh . i 'm here for business and this place is ok at best . they had a pretty cool atmosphere with live music , but here are my issues ... - the tv 's are few and small . i was hoping to watch a little bit of sport while and for a pub they really did not serve that up well . yes one tv was a cathode ray tube based set . sweet ! - they had a less than impressive beer selection - the fish & chips were sub par , and the fries were a bit soggy . given i only can comment on this as it 's all i had there . i feel this place can do much better w a few relatively minor tweeks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not a local , and was in toronto on business . i was looking for something close to the hampton airport centre . i am pleased to report , i discovered a true gem . this place is awesome by any measure . the food was flavorful and creative - a reflection of the talented chef that prepared such an amazing dish . the great food , coupled with a full bar selection made the evening memorable . the bartender waitress , was plesamt and attendant . more importantly , the kitxhen is open until midnight ! do n't drive buy this place without stopp9ng by . old reviews need to be discarded in your analysis . great vibe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go to bar in mississauga where i work . it 's funny cause it 's not rocket science why . most bars have a patio in the summer ( duh ) . but some of the bars on the same street have patios that face north west ( ie no sun after 2pm ) . the irish shebeen faces south west , so it 's perfect for after work . the one thing i do n't really like about the place is the fact that they do n't really have daily specials . everyone likes deals ... why ca n't you offer any ? i 've only had the wings here , and they were decent . i ca n't really comment on the on the other food though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was looking for something close to my hotel and this place came up on yelp . not horrible and would have been 4 stars if they had wi-fi . it was decently busy when i was there and the servers and bartender acted as though they were slammed beyond belief . service was slow and the bartendar had no idea what a `` stout '' beer was when i asked her if they had any . i had the shrimp appetizer , which was awesome and super spicy . overall , i would come back . just wish they had wifi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "walking distance from hotel but worth the trip , live music , guinness was just ok but homemade soup and pizza were very good . the pizza sold out which i think is a good sign . bar tender was very good , def worth a stop if in the area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good spot , bad lighting ! good live music , food and drink . but why so bright ? it 's like being in a cafeteria . irish bars should be dark and a bit shady . the lighting was so bright i could n't stay . felt like i was under a spotlight . owners please turn down the lights and watch people stay longer to enjoy the space !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not go here for dinner . fruit flies everywhere . burger was burnt and overdone and missing cheese . they fixed it but it was still overdone . never asked if it was ok. nice that they gave us 10 % off for those staying at a local hotel but did they really need to charge a buck for extra 1 ounce salsa ? never heard of such a policy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "clearly a softball place but the food was good and the guiness better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we stop at this irish pub on our way to toronto airport , it 's located in business park close to airport , we tried their onion soups which was amazing followed by pizzas , great irish pub with great service . our waitress amanda was truly genuine irish girl with beautiful smile . we highly recommend this place , just ask for amanda to serve you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so it was a tuesday night , slow and maybe that is why it started poorly . i walked in and sat at the bar , sat for ten minutes as several servers walked by without noticing me . i wondered if the bar was self service . finally the bartender came around , she ended up doing ok , it took some time for her to warm up . i hate sitting at a bar and having to ask for a menu , why is this not an automatic ask at all bars that serve food ? ! ? ! anyway , nice music , salmon was good , bartender got better ( if only young people realized how easy it is to win people over with eye contact and a smile ) ... was a decent tuesday night experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad selection of draught beer . dessert surprisingly good . but tv quality poor , especially for a sports bar !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "drinks are okay , the wins are not that great . ambient os kay for local waterhole ! recommend this place ! '", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a business lunch with a very important client . we decided to stop here cause we had limited time & many places were full being lunch time . i was wondering why the place was so empty for a workday lunch ... now i know . to start with the tables were very sticky . in fact my shirt was sticking to them ! i would have asked to wipe the table off but i had a feeling that this was a permanent stickiness . the food was fish & chip ... how can one mess this one up . they did ... i asked for crispy fries , they simply re-fried old fries & called them crispy . the fish was one of those preformed frozen patties that you get from a box . nothing original or tasty . our servery kalie was pretty good . too many restaurants around to waste your time on crappy food . i 'd go somewhere else !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great burger and chicken curry . decent prices and good service . we keep returning every other week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely average . you wo n't find a great selection of beers , just the big brands . the food is pub mediocrity but a lot of people like that . all that said , it 's exactly what i expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , many dishes to pick from , like the guinness pie , wraps are good too . hit and miss with the music selection , dj not always great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just went here for a quick lunch run with a friend . thought i should east a bit healthy this time and i got a mediterranean pizza sans olives . their pizza is quite good , but does not have as much herbs and spices as sorento 's , but for $ 13 it is not too bad . i 've had their carnivore delight pizza and that one was better . they also had a chicken wrap , but that one is too much food for me at lunch time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm picky about food and i eat here . the food is better than most bars . the fish and chips is a good choice . i have n't had anything bad here . beer wise there is nothing new here . it 's the same old domestic stuff with a few different things thrown in . the patio is always nice . they often have live music . it 's very fun . my only complaint is the music is way too loud for such a small place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am giving this pub 3.5 stars . way back in january 2015 , i had a hectic time training a new employee and greeting to guests from sweden at my workplace . during that first week , we all went to the irish shebeen , which is a short drive from the office , for lunch . i like pub food . i always have . i do n't know why . i ordered bangers and mash . the bangers were tasty and done properly . the mash was wonderful in the gravy . i did n't like all the sauteed onions , though . there were too many for my liking . still , the dish was yummy . service was speedy and pleasant . i need to return and sample other items on the menu . hopefully , that will be sometime this year ! ( 60 )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our burger was over cooked . the waitress apparently did not like that we shared our meal as she kind of threw our silverware in our direction . we had to ask to get the water refilled . we did not get asked if we wished to get a second beer or if we wanted anything else . the noise level was very high and it was difficult for us to hear each other .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "felt like an intruder , was n't paid much attention to . any time i had a question they were very blunt , answered my question then would walk away . the bartender was more concerned about socializing with regulars than ensuring that a new customer was comfortable enough to come back . food was decent but with that service i would rather go somewhere nicer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here with my husband to find this place closed . i guess it closed down because it had a sign . was hoping to try a cuban sandwich .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience this evening . enjoyed delicious drinks at the bar with kyle and good service . the live music was quiet enough to allow you to enjoy conversation while eating dinner , but definitely added a lot to the atmosphere . the food was excellent , with great flavors and freshly prepared ingredients . had the tostones , cuban avacado salad , and roasted pork that was fall off the bone delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gordon ramsay needs to fix this restaurant ! i 'm sad for whoever invested their money . food service ingredients , jumbled menu with no focus , bland or over salted food ... avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a coupon at restaurant.com to go try out this place and when we got there it was closed with a sign in the door stating that the place was available to lease . they did n't last very long at all . it 's the curse of that shopping center i assume and the fact that you are pulling into a shares parking lot with little caesar 's pizza and wal mart . oh well on to the next new place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went for lunch a few days ago . on the plus side : the staff was very friendly and helpful . the cuban sandwich was really good . the ribeye steak was a little thin , but was cooked perfectly and a good deal for lunch . it was very clean ( it 's new - hope they keep it up ) . on the minus side : the empanadas were n't very good ( seemed like frozen , prepackaged stuff ) . the salad looked pretty beat up and the dressing did n't have much flavor . short story : a couple of tweaks and they 'd be pretty good . they have feedback cards , so if you go , use them ( politely , of course ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a great addition lc 21 latin fusion bar & bistro is to the charlotte dining scene and absolutely the best restaurant in the crownpoint area ! we were in the area and stumbled on this restaurant friday night and were so impressed , we now look forward to going back again and again . the food is delicious , tthe presentation is impressive and the wait staff is very attentive , accommodating , and friendly ! the yuca chips with creamed spinach appetizer was amazing , the cerviche was deliciou , s and the roast chicken entree was outstanding ! looking around at what other tables ordered , everything here seems to be a winner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the mojitos were outstanding ! ! the meal including appetizer was great . there were 15 in my party and everyone loved their entrees . the service was okay , very slow ( to his defense it was mother 's day ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute restaurant . service was friendly . food was blah , half chicken and one side was a joke , more like half a pigeon with 3 slices of tostones . steak was not churrasco , over cooked on the grill and tasteless . lunch portions with upscale dinner prices which to me it can be worth it if you get the flavor and this was not the case . if you like water and fried yuca that 's the place to go . sticking with viva chicken for the best peruvian latin food hands down in the charlotte area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pleasant surprise , great live music , good food and awesome service . must come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible . i came here with my friends on saturday night , and it was packed with creepy , middle aged white trash people . two older women were making out in the bathroom . i 've heard all sorts of terrible things about this place being slow to provide sub-par food , but i did n't even stay long enough to experience that . we left this place almost as soon as we walked in . definitely not for a younger crowd , or anyone with class .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great beer selection and tv if you are looking for a sports bar . the food is average , just regular bar food to munch on while watching the game .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is not my local area , but it was the closest place to my sister 's house and for the love of god i just wanted an ice cold sandwich ! lol . the gentleman who rang up my order was so friendly , and so were the other staff there that day ! i also did n't mention that i wanted my sandwich cold ( i guess they automatically toast everything ) so i let them know and they remade it for me , no problem at all . the sandwich was deelish ! nice staff ! fresh ingredients ! two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is consistent ! service we 'll ca n't say the same ! it shocks me that a place that represents the hero 's who work so hard to keep us safe would employee lazy gossiping employees who do not put customer first !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best sandwiches in arrowhead . they are always so nice and the specialty subs- e.g . smokehouse beef , are always fresh , good ingredients . sliced well and the bread tastes good too . large portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my second time here this week . that have great customer service and exceptional tasting sandwiches . this is now my new favorite place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried one sandwich . large = ginormous . ordered the meatball sub . sauce was a little bland , but the bread was fresh and the meatballs were good . i will try something different next time . they have 5 star potential , i just haev ti give it another try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my new favorite sub is the italian , i 've also have the new york steamer the tuna and even the veggie that 's not on the menu . all the subs are always awesome at this place and i 'm not sure why i had n't discovered it sooner . it 's in the parking lot with panera and the hardware store . all these locations are super clean and upscale casual for a quick lunch drop . i think it 's my new favorite sandwich place for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way better than my last visit ! the employees were friendly and the place was pretty much clean . still think they are a little pricey , but it was worth it this time . would have given it 5 stars if it did not have a tip jar . do n't know why , but it bugs me when a business like this expects you to tip when you have to bring your food to the table and get your own drink . i would suggest that you give this place a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is pretty good . the ingredients seem fresh . i would probably compare them to quiznos ( maybe a little better ) . the service is average . the prices are a little higher than normal . i probably would n't go out of my way to come back . just an average sub shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered 2 simple subs to go before 5 other parties . 20 minutes later and after everyone else revived dinner i got mine . food is great service was poor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "signature style always does a great job with my girls . reasonable tween prices and exceptional styling . robert and maddie are both outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "signature style has been great every time i 've visited over the past year . i see madison when i go . she 's friendly and introduced me to some of the other stylists there who were all welcoming . madison has always been able to get the exact style i was looking for , which is great because i 'm pretty picky . i would recommend these guys to anyone who is looking for professional quality service at a practical price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred by a friend . and i 'm so thankful . i 've had my hair styled by 2 stylists . happy with both . currently robert styles my hair . he is great . everyone is friendly . clients all see happy . busy little place . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robert has done an excellent job with my hair . he takes the time needed to give you an excellent experience . sasha is one of the most helpful , professional and friendly salon managers i 've ever seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , especially when i do n't feel like racing to the commisarry , fast food or chow hall ! give yourself 15 minutes though , everything is cooked to order . use the services on base ! they 'll disappear if you do n't !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "starbucks coffee is convenient for the nellis inn residents , however , the food quality has dropped significantly from what it once was . they used to cook breakfast burritos from scratch , but now you get a microwaveable burrito for the same it used to cost you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice and clean little cafe , perfect for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convenient cafe within the main lodging building here at nellis . they serve 3 variety 's of breakfast burritos from 0600-1200 . sausage , bacon and specialty . we got in at 1030 and they only had sausage left ... meh . the burritos were a decent size and we 're only $ 3.25 but only consisted of cheese , sausage chunks and `` square '' eggs ? tasted exactly how i imagined , nothing special . they do offer a small starbucks menu and i did notice a lot of people ordering starbucks drinks , which seems like a big hit . i 'll try and come earlier next time to get a better feel for everything they offer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the breakfast here was so delicious ! the burritos and breakfast biscuits were to die for ! as you can see i 'm using past tense , since they no longer serve breakfast here ! : ( so disappointing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you dr. goldman and island pet hospital for taking the time to take care of my 2 little dwarf hamsters . dr. goldman took the time to explain the tumors and surgeries , along with a risk versus benefit discussion . then he was able to perform the surgery that same day ( i had a morning appointment ) and picked up my little girls that afternoon . the staff there is great , very friendly and everyone wants to say hi to every patient that walks through the door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor customer service and rude staff is what you will experience here . think twice and do n't go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "veterinary care seemed good , but the i have to agree with others that some of the reception staff have poor people skills . i have dealt with one lady who was very friendly and helpful , but there have been a couple who were just rude . their prices also seem high for annual vaccines ( more than double what we have paid at a good vet nearby ) , so we are going back to our vet that we know and love .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do like the vets but the front desk receptionist are very rude and cold . one in particular , sara , she will never smile , greet you or try to act like she actually likes animals . i think it is just a job for her and she really does n't care about you or your pet . i will not use them anymore with their rude staff . it 's really sad because island opened it 's door with some wonderful staff and great doctors and now the service is terrible . i do n't know how the doctors do n't see this themselves .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "island pet hospital is the best hospital in town . their doctors are all wonderful people who truly love all animals . dr. goldman 's experience is unprecidented and his caring soul shines through . you will never feel like just a number at island . the boarding staff is wonderful as well . we always feel very comfortable leaving our pets there . it is clean and professional . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love island pet ! it does n't matter who my fur babies ( cats ) see , both dr. collins and dr. watson do everything they can to make my babies and i comfy and reassured . they take their time to educate me and my family of our pets ' conditions and we never feel rushed or not important . i would recommend island pet hospital to any person who wants the best care for their animal loves .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my dog here since moving to las vegas in 2008 . we have worked with many of the doctors , and each had been kind and gentle with my fur baby . they fully explain the situation , and are empathetic when i express fears . when i need to leave my baby overnight or for testing , i know that the doctors and their support team are taking great care of him . when i moved to the other side of town , i continued to bring him to island for his care , and have suggested island to my friends and family , many of whom have now also made island the vet of their choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. toby is the best ! ! ! ! he takes as much time with your animals as needed and he genuinely cares . he also does not try to clean your wallet out either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "island pet is wonderful . dr. collins and staff have been treating our dog ( who is a bit tempermental ) and our cat for about six years . excellent boarding , as well ! staff is attentive , courteous , and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i take my 2 dogs and 1 cat to this veterinary facility and i love it . the staff are great and do their best to accommodate their patients . i have been taking my pets here for over 7 years . i love this place because they give military discounts and their pricing is competitive . they also refer out to specialized facilities to better serve the patient ( s ) . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff . short wait once i arrived . pricing was great . the doctor was super helpful . we were new to town and everyone was super helpful . so glad we picked them . vets are so important in the ongoing care of your babies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful pet care center . the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly . i highly recommend this facility to your attention .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. haewood is one of the best vets we have ever been to ! ! ! her staff is very kind . i really like shenay ... .. she talks to our baby how we do and gretchen , our german shephard loves it ! ! ! gretchen was viciously attacked at our front door by 2 pitbulls ; almost died . they all jumped in to save her and we are very grateful ! ! ! ( we , of course , are not grateful for our bill ... . but it had to be as the doctor did a lot of work on her and the staff did as well ! ! ... worth it for sure ! ) she is a very caring vet and knowledgeable ... . i will highly recommend island hospital any day . we thank god we found this vet and her staff or our poor german shephard would be dead ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't have to wait for my appointment time . place seemed cleaned and organized . the doctor was very friendly and the exam was free as a first time client . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just brought my cat here for a free check-up after adopting from the nevada spca . the office was efficient and clean , and i did n't have any wait time after filling out the necessary forms . my cat has some serious plaque buildup although she 's only three and i was quoted around $ 300 from this office for a professional teeth cleaning for her . i 'm not sure if that 's par for the course and might call around to see if other vets offices are around the same price point . overall , a clean and professional environment and would definitely consider going back if it seems that $ 300 is standard for dental cleanings for cats in the lv area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. watson is excellent . is aware of our pet 's condition and age and prescribes appropriately . answers all questions . is not only an excellent vet but a real people person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fiery red japanese maple trees , gigantic leaved hostas , graceful willow trees , a bubbling waterfall , birds and butterflies , shaded trails , and a myriad of gorgeous blooms . tbg is a feast for the eyes and a restful retreat from the craziness of life . lots of winding stairs and paths to follow and many shaded benches to rest at . it 's not big but during the warm months it 's a lovely place to spend the day admiring the beauty of all the different flowers . have lunch at their cafe , browse their bookstore or peruse their library as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another one of my favourite cultural things to do in the city is to take a tour of the toronto botanical garden . the grounds of the garden are stunning , with several gardens to share with the public . their gardens are in beautiful condition and they showcase just about everything such as colourful flowers , spicy herbs , tall trees and full shrubs . everything is just green and represents all of the beauty the natural elements can offer . one thing i also enjoy about the toronto botanical garden is that it has at least one unique event per month ( even in the winter months ) . these events vary from plant sales to earth day celebrations to floral demonstrations . i recommend this if you have a love for gardens or wish to partake in something different on a sunny weekend day . this is definitely one of my favourite spots to visit at least once during the spring and summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i often confuse toronto botanical gardens with edward gardens - nonetheless , a beautiful place to have one 's wedding . one of my friend 's hosted their entire wedding at the tbg and during the night , there was another wedding happening as well although you could never tell . in other words , rest assured that you are getting married as if in your own private garden . the wedding ceremony took place in a small courtyard-like area , lined with trees and shrubberies . as the sun was setting , picture perfect memories were created . then , everyone was moved into a larger room area for dinner . fyi - we had a buffet at tbg so if you 're looking to do a buffet dinner , tbg has the space and capability for that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the toronto botanical gardens is made up of many smaller themed gardens and spaces like the teaching garden , arrival courtyard , and beryl ivey knot garden so there 's usually a different favourite section for everyone . you may want to avoid attending during summer weekends as this is prime wedding picture season , parking is usually very limited . i suggest taking the ttc lawrence bus # 54 as it stops right at the corner of leslie and lawrence . i like dropping by during the fall as the temperatures are cooler and the autumn foliage is stunning , especially the japanese maples !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "toronto 's best kept secret ! where else can you , especially if you 're into gardening and plants and fresh air and beautiful views , find such a delectable assortment of unbelievably stunning plants , including perennials and bulbs and shrubs and hot houses and palms and massive planters and topiaries and fountains and spectacular massive ancient trees and a cute little man-made mountain for which your kids can excitedly run around the spiral till the top where they can view a beautiful carved formal garden a la florence . i 've been here at least four times a year for 40 years and i 've never did never been disappointed . thank you so much , ca n't waitto hear your free live music on thursdays this summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful place for a stroll thru nature . loved seeing the bees pollinating the gorgeous flowers . cute patio for lunch outside too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went : thursday , july 23 , 2015 , 6:30 p.m. ( 84 100 ) i believe the tbg is a part and located inside edwards gardens . besides visiting allen gardens shortly , the only pretty flowers and plants i saw were in people 's gardens and local parks . the gardens are very picturesque and i can see why people would want to take their wedding pictures here . so my experience was a 5.0 , but my unbiased rating would be a definite 4.0 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to hakuna matata for mani pedis at least four or five times now and it has always been a relaxing , pleasant experience . the staff is very friendly and accommodating and the nail technicians have always done great work . i 've been to several nail salons in the sun city area , but will continue to return to this one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the most luxurious of salons i 've been to but i guess u get what you pay for i got the sea breeze pedicure which was really nice for $ 31 . they do a regular trimming and polish then added scrub to legs oil and lotion massage to leg and feet with hot stones . also they did a callus file and where polite . my chair stopped massaging half way through and i could n't get it back on for some reason it died or something . i got my brows waxed for $ 10 . they where good but a little overly shaped than i usually do back home but it 's not bad . no wait was nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was my first visit and i was also a walk in . the salon is extremely clean which i particular appreciated . i asked for a basic pedicure without nail polish . i was very happy with the results and especially the price at $ 18 . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting my family actually couple of weeks ago in sun city az so this review is long long overdue . i like arizona in general , it has certain charm for me , i ca n't put my finger on it but something there fits me . had a chance to visit hakuna matata once before , this place is very relaxing and lets your head be clear and free . the music kind of takes you there . i will be visiting you again next time in az : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother-in-law and i stopped by today to get pedicures . it was a walk-in last minute . we got the sea breeze pedicure and it was amazing . it included a sugar scrub , hot stone massage , cooling gel , and hot towel treatment . it was super reasonably priced too . the facility was super clean and the staff was friendly and knowledgable . all in all i would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long long overdue this is a great place to go if you 're in town . i took my wife here as a walk in customer a while back and we were greeted immediately by a very friendly person my wife said the foot massage was absolutely amazing . my wife 's nails turned out beautifully i get to see my wife gets her nails done a lot in san diego and this establishment has a better quality then i seen in many others . i really do wish they opened a spa here san diego . the quality of the nails my wife still talks about to this day too bad we do n't go to sun city more often . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr weirman is a great oncologist . i have been seeing her for 12 years and find her to be a great communicator , excellent clinician , and brilliant doctor . to often doctors do n't spend the time explaining the issues of cancer but dr weirman will spend as much time as you need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good oncologist . glad to have her caring for me . she is really good , so therefore very busy . worth waiting for . i see posts of long wait times ... .sometimes , yes , you wait , but when its your turn you have her attention . if someone has an emergency and she takes them first , then i know when i would have an emergency i would be her priority . great doc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent experience 40 northh in st. sauveur ! i ordered 2 hot appetizers : filet mignon sausages with a mustard sampler and the asian beef spring rolls with a mango sauce . both were great . hubby had the crab cakes and he was very happy . for the main dish i had the `` o & terre '' which is a filet mignon and 1 4 pound giant tiger shrimp . it was very very good , but i would probably skip the shrimps next time and order just the filet mignon . for dessert , we had the chocolate souffle for 2 accompanied with vanilla icecream . beware : pricing is expensive . this is like gibby 's . you are getting quality food , but you 're paying the price . be prepared to dish out your wallet . for hubby & i , this resto is reserved for very special occasions only , but we will definitely return ! : - ) service was professional and quick . ambiance is nice too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent from the bread to the oysters not to forget their fish & meat . i truly recommend this place . the staff is very well groomed & they know their wines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le meilleur steakhouse en ville", "score": "5"}
{"review": "three co-workers and myself went for dinner and i believe we all enjoyed our meals . they have a full menu but we all chose one of the daily specials.the meals came with a soup or salad to start , the main entree choice of steak , pork , or fish.a side vegetable and a potato selection.the meal was wrapped up with an ice cream , chocolate souffle and a nice cup of coffee . def will go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my food was perfect . ana 's was a little under done with not palatable bernaise sauce . wait staff was knowledgable on wine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but a little pricey . very good filet mignon . it is worth for your money though", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried to get a certified used car for a friend who is in college . after promising her the moon , 4 hours later , she was told they could n't approve her credit unless she put down over $ 4500 including a trade-in . my friend walked off the lot without a new car . but there 's a happy ending . scott clark toyota of charlotte , approved her credit , and got her into a honda civic with only 17,000 miles . thank you scott clark . no hassle , no rejection and no 4 hour wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been doing business with the service dept ( 2 cars ) since approx . 2006 . for the most part all has been well . this dealership has now decided to post a no weapons sign . as much as i hate doing this i must look for a new dealership as i ca n't make myself do business with folks who put me at risk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "drove 20 minutes here to look at 2 used cars i saw online . first of all horribly slow service , then the sales guy `` did n't know '' the price of the cars . disappeared inside to find out for a length of time . both cars were overpriced compared to comparable online cars at carmax . after negotiating back and forth on one of the cars and several bait and switch discussions with the sales guy and apparently his manager the sales guy committed to the amount i had proposed for both cars . so after test driving the car i sat down to start the paperwork . the sales guy disappeared and his boss reappeared to tell me the best price he could give me for the car which was significantly more than what the sales guy had agreed to . total waste of my time ! ! ! ! ! i would not recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the salesman , general manager and owner of this car dealership have gone over and above to make sure that i was happy with my purchase and within my budget ! good people ! honest people ! buy your next vehicle here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently traded my volvo in for a 2015 nissan pathfinder . i did n't buy my car from gastonia nissan but i took it to them yesterday for a minor mechanical issue . i was surprised how professional the staff was . even when i called in to make the service appointment , the receptionist was outstanding . when i visited the dealership , i was very impressed with all of the service staff . they smiled and greeted me when i drove into the service area and went out of their way to make me feel welcomed . i do n't typically get this level of professionalism at gastonia businesses . i will continue to use their service center and recommend to others when they are looking for a professional car dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hats off to great service from top to bottom . i recently has a service issue where my transmission went out on my car and i was outside of my warranty . this was saturday sept. 3rd ( yes labor day weekend ) i took my car to gastonia nissan and dealt with a will in the service department . will immediately put me in a rental car and promised to give me a call on monday ( labor day ) . i then got a call within the hour from the wonderful , professional selena with their sales staff who got me set up for a sales manager ( ernest ) and their trainee ( denis ) . long and short , the entire staff got me squared away and out the door driving a new car . way to deliver gastonia nissan ! ! ! ! joc , your staff is 5 star ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate to shop for a car but i really needed to get out of a tough situation and the car itself . i have been to dealerships before and have never had an experience like i did . they took care of everything ! i did n't feel pressured to get anything . even though i 'm familiar with the process it was some things i did n't know and they explained everything to me . they worked hard for me worked on numbers and i am now a happy owner . i will refer people to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my 2012 nissan here . slick talking sales men . talked me into purchasing maintenance package . such a good investment because i never have money for oil changes . always clean lobby and bathroom . nice people and fun to watch ... such characters . you should visit gibby ... i would like to refer to him as birddog ! now go and buy yourself a new car . tell them jenee randall referred you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first i have to say im a little bias about the company since my husband works here , but i didnt think id ever buy a new car from a dealership , but these people did everything in their power to make sure i had the car i wanted which was my 2016 rouge , and my husband had originally applied for a car too and at first couldnt get it , but they pulled some strings and got him into a 2017 frontier . i absolutely could n't be happier with my car or the service i recieved ! ! thanks to jairo ramos , ernest and mike gibby ! ! thanks so much everyone i really appreciate it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the front office is great and super friendly . personally i was recommended dr corey mckinnon and he is fantastic . i saw him for 2 months before i had to move away and we made a lot of progress , where as no one before was able to really help me . i like his joint mobilization techniques and that he spends most of the 50 minutes gently moving the joints , rather that the regular massage some other pts do , or the harsh adjustments some chiropractors do . he really listened me to and addressed my areas of pain . he 's also a super nice and caring guy . definitely recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother came here after she had been seeing a different pt for her tkr . we are so blessed that she has landed in the hands of dr. corey mckinnon . we love the one on one attention . and it 's a bonus that he 's able to speak in spanish to her ! because of him she is no longer afraid to get her tkr on her other knee . she would literally cry and scream out loud when the former pt worked on her . she swore she would never do this surgery on her other knee . corey definitely has a different and more compassionate approach . thank you so much for helping improve my mom 's quality of life ! i highly recommend this place . dr. mckinnon , we will see you when she gets her other knee done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed this place . punjabi food at its best . we ordered the butter chicken , naan , and chicken pakora . great flavours . service was great . food was prepared in a very decent amount of time . even re-heated the next day , the flavours stuck . highly recommend , and will definitely be picking up some more food next week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good but the service is what needs improvement ... we had their mixed vege and aachari paneer . we also had their tandoori platter which was very good.. so i would come here for their tandoori options rather than the food itself ... a good thing is they give a complimentary mango cheese cake for the bday person", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambience was way above par for the average indian restaurant . food was delicious , over-priced by a dollar or two , but considering the quality , did n't mind at all paying a little extra . staff was very attentive . enjoyed the overall experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good but very small quantity . service was very slow . we sat for 20 mins n no one as for drinks or water . had to wait 1hr for order on fries . a bit expense .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent indian food ! fast and attentive service , great quality food , fair prices , and good selection of dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a pickup . butter chicken was real good . sun dried tomato naan is a must as you do n't get it everywhere . staff is good too ; however , beware of there sweets section . their sweets were pathetic . i tried their gulabjamun ( staff recommendation ) and i think it was the worst i ever had . repeat ? totally ! but no more sweets for me though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overpriced and small portions . ordered butter chicken and naan for take out . the butter chicken was not best i 've had , was expecting something really good since it was $ 11.99 + tax for a small size ( they only have one size so we ordered two ) . there was very little actual chicken in the container . the naan was cold , very thin and crispy in the middle . i would not recommended this place . try india 's taste which not that far and definitely worth the drive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had their vegetarian options since they do not serve halal ( what a shame ) i would be there more often if it was . had their mattar paneer , palak paneer and dal makhni with rice it was one of the best i 've had in this part of the world the dal makhni . decor was great nice and modern . they had some cool items i would n't mind trying on their menu in the future . great for a hidden spot . definitely worth a try at least for their vegetarian options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great tasting and good quality north indian punjabi food ! we were impressed by the presentation of the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a lovely shop in the heart of the grassmarket . i met mr. baber while stopping by and i enjoyed hearing about the history of his family run business . what a wonderful man who puts great care into his craft . i bought a number of beautiful garments for the women of my life , much to their delight . thank you kindly mr. baber for what you do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the twin shop of joyce forsyth , as far as i 'm concerned . or at least it looks pretty much exactly the same , though without the quirky knitting gear stashed in the corner . colours colours colours and funky patterns . i never know whether i want to buy something there to hang on my wall or buy something there to hang on myself . in any case , i ended up buying nothing at all . everyone gets that slightly uncomfortable feeling when they see someone else wearing exactly what they 're wearing . so , you 'll either have to learn how to start making clothes on your own , or go to bill baber , where everything is handmade . and one of a kind . the stuff they knit is beyond my wildest crochet-dreams . whole jackets and dresses and tops . how anyone has the patience to even start or finish one of those is beyond me . but they 're oh so pretty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in here on a recent trip to edinburgh -- what a treat ! the store is filled with beautiful fashionable knitwear in every shade imaginable . dresses , cardigans , sweaters , you name it . and everything is super soft ! the owners are also probably the friendliest , most helpful people you 'll ever meet . seriously . they 'll spend as much time with you as you need , trying things on , grabbing other items for you . my mom probably tried on 50 things , and they were super patient and helpful the whole time . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the intricate , unique knits that are on sale in bill baber are truly delightful ! for the past few decades , bill baber and his wife have been running this entire business from their own shop . each garment is hand knitted with love , and thus unique . for all that , they pride themselves on continuously updating their fashions , and their knitwear is very contemporary and stylish as a consequence . the jumpers and skirts in here look timeless , plush and delicate without being flimsy . a shop which sells long lasting but light knitwear that makes its mark as a fashion statement is a sure fire winner in my eyes . universally appealing , bill baber is the sort of independent business that is absolutely deserving of its solid , good reputation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "laid back and always a breeze . i used to go to eyetique in squirrel hill , but after moving to the north hills i wanted to find a closer place to have my eyes checked . i happened upon this pearle vision and was pleasantly surprised . it 's not as hip and trendy as eyetique , but it also is n't as difficult to get an appointment nor as pricey . the doctor was thorough and friendly , he also has traveled abroad to some of the same places my wife and i have been so we had some things to talk about instead of dead air . each time i call i am greeted nicely and the conversation is quick and professional . have n't had one problem and find it safe to say this will hopefully be our optometrist eye care place for the coming years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly and professional . great selection of frames . their protection plan was super cheap and well worth the $ 30+ . my son was pushed down by a kid at school two weeks after he got his glasses . best investment i made was the protection plan . i now take my whole family to pearle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not shop here . paid huge $ $ $ for glasses that lasted 7 months before breaking . oh and of course you need to purchase the warranty . rip off ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is rude , aggressive , and uncaring . avoid at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best place to buy a value car . great deals ... directly from owner ( hardeep ) . each and every guys working there are very friendly , including the service maintenance team . the best car buying and after service experience for me in canada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service manager is amazing - always goes above and beyond and takes the time to listen to my issues and work with me to make sure my needs are met . so glad i found this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hector was very friendly and professional . easy to work with and the price he gave us was really great . his employees were also very friendly and professional when they were working in our house to install quartz countertops . there are a few things that are n't great such as a large chip that was filled in with filler and the seam on our pony wall does n't look amazing but overall , it was a decent job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just had douglas and his helper come and repair 2 large cracks in my granite . they were very nice and approachable . they explained to me that the cracks were so big all they could do is fill them . they did a wonderful job . they also sealed my counter top which they did n't have to do . in and out within 30 min . very pleasant company to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rotech performed an awesome job installing granite in our kitchen . hector was one of the best contractors i have ever worked with . he was price fairly , did a wonderful and professional job and was on time . he treated my home like he would his own . i would highly recommend him to everyone i know . thank you hector !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here last night , this place looked amazing . i was impressed from the moment i walked . great atmosphere great service . they have only been open for a few months and there was n't much of a crowd but it 's a great spot to grab a beer and watch the game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have to rate a one at best . only one bartender waitress in the restaurant . after 15 minute wait , asked the owner ( byron ) why and he get got mad and said `` your going do me like that '' and walked away . no apology , did n't want our business . then went to teakwoods and received great service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad vibe , disgusting regulars with no manners . the only irish beer they had was guinness . will never recommend or go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` evicted '' yes , sorry to say , beef o'bradys at 6045 w. chandler blvd. , chandler , az ( sw corner chandler blvd . and kyrene rd . ) was `` evicted '' as of march 27 , 2015 signs are posted on the doors . the franchisee was : andrew yontz . there are no more beef o'bradys in arizona at this writing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is totally awesome . a fantastic local bar . my bartender baili was fantastic . i witnessed a confrontation with another guest that was totally disrespectful and baili handled it with total class and professionalism . some patrons just need to realize when they have had too much to drink and take criticism respectfully and learn to call it a night . i come here frequently and love the food drink and atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband has been waiting for them to open as he 's from florida and experienced the original beefs . he loves their wings . i had a pretzel burger that was excellent . we 've also tried the appetizer with fried pickles , onion rings , and pulled pork sliders that were amazing . they have a huge menu , great section of beers , and a nice atmosphere . local feel despite being a chain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant just opened up in a location which used to be an old dive bar . it is entirely remodeled and updated-it does n't smell like puke anymore like the old place . we ordered the `` famous '' wings and an appetizer sampler . the wings were good , but there are some other joints nearby with better wings . the food was good , i would like to go back and try some other items . they have a great patio , a lot of indoor seating . the service was good . overall , a great place to have in the neighborhood . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "local bar with good drink specials ( $ 3.00 ) during happy hour . they also have an extensive menu ; although , i have not tried the food yet . bartenders are really sweet too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't had worse food in years . pickle chips were like rubber ; pizza sauce tasted like tomato paste . if you just want a drink , this is an ok place , but avoid the food !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the place to go for wings ! i 've been going to beef 's in florida all my life and could n't be happier to find they have expanded to chandler . great place to have a beer and watch the game . their happy hour is pretty good and they have a large patio . the staff was really friendly too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food bland , service slow . you would think that an establishment with beef in their name would offer prime beef products instead of poor quality food at prime prices . if you like frozen pre-formed hamburger patties and dry bland cheese steaks , then this is the place for you . i 'm done with beefs and will not be going back . teakwoods is the place for excellent service and consistent quality foods .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband had been to this chain in fl years ago and was eager to try it out here in az . unfortunately , it was not how he remembered . i had never been but was disappointed by the experience . the food did not look or taste fresh and seemed overpriced . service was very slow . with so many other restaurant choices in the valley , we will not be returning here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a good selection of craft beers ! ! everyone is super friendly bartender shannon and amenda remembered my name and what i ordered the 2nd time i walked in . got a great making for neighborhood hangout ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have to say , pulled this off yelp as our hotel is walking distance and wow , shannon was amazing . she was so a accommodating with our orders . plus she was adorable and so friendly . great time , thanks for your amazing service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fricken awesome . i love their spring rolls and their chicken phone is the best . the people are warm and friendly and the food is made fresh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good beer selection , ok neighborhood bar . food was typical american bar food . nothing really special here , nothing bad here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 of 5 for the beer selection alone . every palate can find a decent craft brew to enjoy . 3.5 of 5 for food quality and selection.. ..it is `` above average '' bar food , and a good spot for lunch ... ( 5 star bar-food in my book is azwbc.. ) 4 5 , overall . i am here once or twice a week . service has been great every time . my reference : hooters scores a 2 5 for food . 1 5 for beer `` selection '' .. i do not waste my money there . ( 5 5 for ... ehh.. scenery ... )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a great night out with friends and our family at beef o brady's- they even ran out of milk for my our sons during our meal and the owner ran over to the nearly grocery to purchase more for them . the owner and his crew were attentive to our party and willing to cater to us to make sure we had the best experience possible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i so want to love this place as i absolutely love the food in other locations . however , after 2 visits i 'm still torn ... the pulled pork sliders are very good , but i 've been disappointed by the fried pickle appetizer and fish tacos . the pickles were breaded in a super salty batter that actually masked any identifiable pickle flavor . the fish tacos were also breaded in a similar strong batter , that was a bit overwhelming considering the surface area of the skinny fish fingers on the taco . that said , the freestyle sodas here are amazing , and the staff is super friendly . i will be back in a few months to allow time for the menu & kitchen to iron out the kinks that are inevitable in a new establishment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time w this place ! lousy slow service both times i went , bland generic food that tastes like it was frozen and just thawed then not cooked long enough , they even screw up simple things , the worst part is the staff , the owner andrew is creepy and clingy , the bar tender shannon is so slow i ordered a beer at the bar and instead of then getting it she walks over to another table where her boss is already harassing people who just want to eat their meal in peace and try and talk about bs for . 5 min while i 'm just standing there , or you get her attention for a beer then have to wait until it 's convenient for her to get it , she needs to learn a bit about customer service wont be back again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing the owners are great the food is amazing cold beer and all family oriented a matter of fact i 'm watching football and eatting with one of the owners and his daughter does n't get better than that", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a spray tan here today . it looks awful . very uneven and it was still sticky and wet after . got all over my clothing . also very pricey . $ 40 . definetly not as nice as four seasons in lakewood which is half the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a pass five tans for five dollars and had been a guest to try it out with my sister over the weekend walked in today to use the coupon and katie the manager rudely told me i could n't use it there and i would never go back there again based on her snarky attitude . i wish i could give a no star rating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big league dreams is heavily used baseball facility for youth tournaments . over the years i have been there many times and spend long weekends at the park . it is in the middle of nowhere and is a long drive from scottsdale . their is a entrance fee and the food is overly priced . the fields are decorated like major league stadiums , but have deteriorated over the years . they are maintained well , but still have no grass infielders or permanent mounds . overall it is not the best location to play baseball , and is inconvenient to say the least . unfortunately , if you play competitive baseball in the phoenix area you will be coming here a lot . plus , the popcorn is consistently burnt , a major downfall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "to much money to get in . they charge $ 5 for adults and $ 1 for players . the food in ok . the fields are not that taken care of . the one thing that makes me mad they hassle me about being in water . i really hate this place , but this was where the club baseball tournament was today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great facility for baseball and softball . played a few seasons of coed softball there . enjoy visiting on the weekends when they have baseball and softball tournaments with youth and adults . since it is such an awesome experience , you do have to pay more . food is n't cheap , but it is good . pay to enter , as i 'm sure lots of people mentioned . but it is one of those- you get what you pay for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to play softball for kids and adults . it has great concessions with lots of options for meals . the concessions is indoors with a nice bar . it also has a playground for younger siblings . the umpires are great and management truly cares about the needs of your team . the batting cages are really nice as well . another great thing is that when you pay to get in they give you a token that is good for $ 1 off any food or beverage . it is a great place to bring your family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for the fields , but 1 star for the restaurant . i understand you need to be a certain age to serve alcohol , but having only one staff member old enough is not good . it slows the line down and although i was in line on time for the happy hour special they would n't give me the hh price . fine , but the employees just have an i do n't care attitude . i 'll go back because my son plays baseball & we do n't have a choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is disgustingly dirty ... like health code violation dirty . dried food nasty sticky countertops , filthy bathrooms . for what they charge for entrance , you would think there would be enough help to keep up with the sticky soda pop running down the front of the counters .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the big league dreams complex in gilbert is a higher quality venue for youth baseball in phoenix area in my opinion . the fields are well cared for the replica stadiums are unique and memorable and i really feel like the complex is tailored to the enjoyment and viewing for fans . seating is shaded and very close to the fields . the inside facilities are well equipped with anything you would need for a full day or multiple day event . two things i do not like are first , the infields are dirt and make the overall look of the fields less attractive . dirt fields make the game faster and better for the developing youth that play here but overall i would choose grass if cost was nominal . second , serving alcohol on site is a huge negative for me . fans family are more belligerent and bad mannered than normal and makes the environment less kid and family friendly . im sure this is a huge $ maker but it is a youth facility and money could be generated elsewhere . overall 4 stars ! : ) i enjoyed umpiring games there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yikes ! what happened to this place ? it 's filthy . so sad because it was a nice place to play and watch baseball & softball . the fields are worn down , bathrooms dirty , snack bars are grossly understaffed and trashed . hire some employees who care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came with the family for a tournament . best fields for kids or adults . food is good , staff is helpful . its clean and a great place to visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great fields , love the concept . beer and food is way overpriced and vinyl on fields needs to be replaced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "besides the thrill for the kids to play like the majors ... the inside was trashed .. there was trash all over the tables let along where the napkins and straws were . the young kids working the consession were too busy on their phones then trying to help the customers . most disgusting thing was the young gentleman licking his fingers to separate the plastic cups for the melted cheese . also is there no supervision there ? you have kids running wild in the club house , and i mean running .. it was like a circus in there . will i be bad yeah the sad this is yes but only to watch my buddies son play", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a complete rip off . fields are n't maintained ; huge divots & holes in the outfields , batter 's box ( for most fields ) feel like you 're standing in a half pipe , umpires ( except 1-2 ) are borderline illiterate , do n't keep accurate counts , miss calls , but worst of all , are partial to certain teams . now the scoreboards are n't working . not sure this place could sink to any new levels of garbage . i 've played here for a long time and seen league participation plummet season by season . the food and staff - well , if you like paying $ 22 for a pizza that you could buy for $ 5.99 at any grocery store or pay for a pitcher of beer for $ 14 , you found your perfect restaurant . the staff behind the counters ( teenagers ) smear their faces into their phones while lines pile up . everything is microwaved . bartenders are the only bright spot in this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this hotel was quiet , clean , and in a good location . fair price for good quality . they even have a free shuttle to from the airport which is even convenient if you do n't want to pay city hotel prices because you can take the 20 minute train right into union station . the rooms felt spacious and the bed was comfortable . i did n't use the amenities and did not dine here . the staff when i first arrived were not the friendliest but when i went back to ask questions there was one lady working the front desk that was really kind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great hotel . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because there were some mix-up with our reservation and we had to wait for about 20 minutes till they found a room for us -- and they ended up putting us on a smoking floor without even asking if that 's ok. luckily , the room did n't have any traces of smoke odor . i doubt that they were that booked on a wednesday night with nothing special going on in the vicinity ... other than that -- it 's beautifully appointed all around , stylish decor , very comfortable beds , nice pool and fitness facilities and a very impressive breakfast buffet -- even including items like eggs benedict , lox and a great assortment of fresh fruit and berries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst shuttle ever . waited for 20 minutes ! ! ! at each stop driver after outs the driver got out and wasted 1-2 minutes talking to various random ppl to see what hotel they are going to . definitely not the experience i want after arriving at toronto at 10 and finally getting to an airport hotel nearly an hour later .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a cancelled airline flight left us in toronto needing a hotel near the airport for the night . using my hilton app i quickly identified and booked a room . the hotel is modern , clean and well managed . front desk staff were exemplary . check-in swift and a room upgrade . local dining recommendations were given . all in all a highly recommended experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the front desk manager on duty on september 4th at approximately 5am was extremely rude , very uninformative . the manager did not explain amenities , booked us on a room which was not vacant . we went up to room 1015 and it had guests sleeping which we woke up and inconvenienced . after the fact we were given a room which was not what we wanted we had to settle . we were given no direction to amenities like swimming pool , restaurant , or even treated with respect . the man had a nasty attitude which left a sour taste on our first ever visit to canada . at the end when we checked out , nobody was kind enough to even ask how our stay was at the hotel . it seems like the employees at this facility do not care about their guests and have the attitude ( without exception ) of underpaid , micromanaged workers . it will be the last time i voluntarily book a vacation with a hilton hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 160 night and no free wifi ? and $ 20 for parking . i 've stayed at motels that have free wifi and breakfast .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "room was pretty run down wall paper pealing and it really did n't feel like a clean place . not what i 'm used to at a hilton considering i spend about 60 nights a year in them . probably wo n't stay here on the next trip since there are so many options", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the finest hilton locations i 've stayed at anywhere in the world . newly renovated room and what must be a marti million dollar pool , basket ball , and racket ball court addition . my favorite room on the property is the premium corner suite with fireplace , loungers , and beautiful bathroom . do n't get confused with the standard corner suites as it 's a far cry from the premium one . give yourself enough time for transport to the airport as it 's in my opinion one of the more pooley designed airports in north america . love staying here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at $ 209 for a regular room with a king bed , i expected more really . clean and functional though . the wi-fi is sketchy but at least it was free . dinner is restaurant is pretty uninspired and obviously pre-heated stuff", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've stayed at this hotel before , several times actually , but last week was my first time back in a while - at least four years , i 'm informed , because that 's how long it 's been since the lobby was renovated and the check-in area moved . the renos were quite nice . the room itself was clean , comfortable , and had an interesting layout , including a nice chaise which regrettably had been burned by some clown with an iron . there 's a nice restaurant bar in the hotel but it 's pricy , but a short walk down the street ( turn left as you exit the hotel ) are a few other options . rack rates are high , but i got the room on hotwire for about $ 110 . they do some neat packages with good rates from time to time , i used to do their `` dinner and a movie '' deal a lot when i was traveling early in the morning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "close to airport ... clean ... friendly staff . outdated decor , executive appetizers on 9th floor at 6pm ... be sure to get there early if you really want an appetizer . much too pricey for accommodations . do yourself a favor and go to the hampton inn just down the road .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hotel looks to be renovated recently and common areas are warm and inviting . the quality of the rooms appear to be slipping - even after the recent reno , linens were not clean , much of the room furniture and hardware is worn or broken . in room wifi access was spotty too . i have to think there are better options nearby", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hotel is ok. wireless is $ 10 day per device . cheaper hotels give you similar rooms with free internet . hotel restaurant over priced for premise reheated `` fine dining '' . bigger bang for your buck elsewhere . any possible difference in service is not worth the additional costs of this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful experience . the staff was friendly and helpful . we did request a feather free room at booking , for allergy purposes , which they did not do but they sent someone promptly to change the entire bed . instead of having to call down to the desk every time you need something , you can now just text them ! very convenient ! the in-room dining was quick and delicious . everything was very neat and clean and in working order . we would definitely stay there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice room but then i heard the guy in the joining room next to to me- call for a prostitute . so i went to the front desk to change rooms ... & they would n't . 2 hours later i could hear yelling & it sounded like he was beating her up . next thing he threw out in the hallway- i could see through the peep hole , she did n't even have her cloths on . poor customer service hilton ! might as well be a super8 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service- front desk , restaurant , shuttle bus all super nice and helpful . helpful staff . not too bad on airport noise- barely noticeable in fact . food is pretty good . bartender alan is excellent- very on top of things and so nice . will stay next time i 'm here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great place to stay . the doormen ( carl & jeff ) are the best . also , visit alan at the bar and get some chips . amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean and affordable , very close to the airport and they have frequent shuttles . executive lounge had drinks , coffee , and snacks . i would stay here again for work ... bathroom in my room was a bit older and could use a remodel but overall not a bad place for work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes it is good , but only for its view and equipment . it 's definitely not worth the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found this hotel through an online hotel reservation site . it was one of the most reasonably priced . the hotel shuttle was easy to find at the airport , and the hotel located less than a mile from the airport . everyone at the hotel was friendly , the gym was adequate . i ordered room service which did not arrive after an hour . i phoned the front desk to complain and went to the restaurant . immediately , the manager arrived to apologize and i got a free breakfast buffet ! wireless is only free in the lobby and breakfast is not included . the room is clean and quiet . i would definitely stay here again if i am in transit through toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly . debating a 3 or 4 . staff is a 5 star ! at all levels ! my room was amazing ! full disclosure i 'm hilton diamond and was upgraded to a suite . but really i 'm about a clean bed , decent onsite eats , and a gym . and this place meets all my criteria", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is absolutely the worst hotel i have ever stayed at . air canada put us up there for a night because of a flight cancellation . filthy smelling carpeting , the odor of the hallways was like nothing i have ever experienced . i slept on top of the bed with a sweater under my head because i did n't want to put my head on the pillow . i have noticed all other comments were relatively positive but were written by canadians . they need to travel more , this would never be acceptable in san francisco .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the room was clean until i . walked into the bathroom someone forgot to clean the pee spots on the toilet seat . thanks", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was at this hotel for meetings . facilities seem nice and food service , while not out of this world , is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this hotel ... i checked in about 6am expecting to spend 1 night there and ended up spending 4 . they do n't allow dogs but they allowed me to have my 5lbs pooch stay . the staff is very friendly , the cleaning staff is great not to mention the amazing pool and comfy beds . there are small restaurants within walking distance along with a tim hortons for a quick coffee run . the only downfall is there is no free wifi in the rooms ... .. but i would recommend this hotel for anyone staying near the toronto airport", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wifi in the rooms are horrible . not only is it super slow , but it cuts out often . i guess they do that to prevent you from streaming netflix or any other streaming service . if you have to pay for the internet , then do n't do it . it 's totally not worth it . if you 're an hhonors member , you get it for free . but even then , it 's not worth it . that 's the only gripe i have with this hotel . everything else is fine . well , except maybe the shuttle service , but that 's a whole other issue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stayed at the hilton for 2 nights for a wedding . we stayed in a king suite in the north tower . the room was recently renovated and quite nice . bed was comfortable and the room was nicely appointed . the pressure in the shower was n't the best but otherwise i thought it was great . this hotel had one of the nicest exercise rooms and pools i 've seen . the gym is open 24 7 and has at least 5 or 6 treadmills and ellipticals . there are also saunas in the locker rooms which was quite nice . i assume the pool is open year round as it 's in essentially a giant greenhouse . while i did n't go in it looked awesome . airport shuttle leave every 15 to 30 minutes and takes less than 10 minutes to the airport . overall one of the nicest airport hotels i 've stayed in and i would definitely stay again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good hilton . very clean , efficient staff , excellent rooms . the bliss restaurant in the hotel has won awards and i got to say for a hotel restaurant , this one is pretty darn good . the bar was great with lots of room , lots of tv 's and the best bloody ceaser i 've ever had . i 'll stay here again next time i go to toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bathrooms were disgusting and there were burn holes everywhere . the walls seemed like they had never been wiped down and in the two rooms we stayed in there were greasy finger prints on every light switch and tv remote . we found dried up juice or pop spilled all over a vinyl bench in the room . very dirty and very disappointing . i was fooled by the rest of the reviews . do n't stay here . for a hilton i was thoroughly disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is place is a milestone in the decline in the hilton brand . the place is a dump even by airport hotel standards . when i checked in and got to my room there was a plate of unfinished food waiting for me . i went to the front desk and told them and they apologized and here it still sits . so they were sorry but not sorry enough to something . the place has n't been kept up the furniture is well worn and broken . in addition it is incredibly cheap . like bingo hall cheap . i would suggest staying else where . update : the hotel had checked me into someone else 's room . they gave me the keys to my room and when i went there they had checked someone other than me into that one . so , anything that person would have charged to the room would have been charged to my credit card . they then moved me to a third room . presumably this room is actually mine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this company negative stars i would . i was at the car was on 5 22 2015 for a hand wash of my prosche boxster . when the car was done i noticed that there were pieces of fiber all over the back were the damaged emblem was . the employee had broken off a piece of the emblem . i spoke with dallas who told me that they would `` work it out '' . i thought i would make it easy since the part is $ 47 . i bought it and submitted the receipt and now they wo n't pay for it . i called the corporate office and then received a call from edward who proceeded to tell me that they did n't owe me anything . this place is a joke and they have premanently lost my business and i plan on telling every single person i know just how disrespectful and rude they are .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "windshield guy talked me into getting windshield replaced when getting my titan washed and gave me 4 vip car washes for free . when i went to use first one , cashier said coupon s the guy gave me were never activated and they could not honor . therefore i had to pay for car wash. what 's ironic is that i would n't even come here because it 's way out of my way and go to cobblestone regularly . even with the name change from danny 's car wash to jacksons , they are still crooks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible experience . although they changed their name to jackson 's it 's still the same crappy quality with the same rude people . never giving them my business again . do not recommend going here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after waiting an hour i am told that my vehicle will take hours longer after quoted an hour . time and time i try to give this location the benefit of the doubt and they prove me wrong . never again ! ! cutting ties now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had my scion tc detailed here . i spoke with phillip who wrote up the ticket . i wanted to know if there were any specials they were running . he was able to get it down a little . very friendly person . when i picked it up it appeared that mark had cleaned it . seemed to be a good job . hey ... no one cleans your care like you would ... so be kind people . they do not get paid executive salaries . if there is something that you are unhappy with , just tell them and they will make it right !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't know getting a car wash was so freaking difficult . no one seems to know how to explain their `` promotions '' and packages . paying $ 30 for basically an express wash when really comparing to their work it should be $ 15 . i immediately canceled my monthly plan knowing that they do n't even vacuum the insides ! it 's an additional $ 1.99 ! the hell ! ? ! and for my interior to be wiped down its $ 4.99 !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came on my lunch break to get my car washed , vacuumed and filled with gas . when i arrived , an individual asked what i needed . when i replied car wash , he said `` with an oil change right '' ? i told him no and he walked away with an attitude and said `` k , see ya then '' . absolutely rude . there was a gentleman there who worked with safelite and replace the small chip in my windshield . this was a service that i did n't know jackson 's offered and was very convenient . when my car was finished , i tipped the attendant and got in my car . it was absolutely disgusting . it was barely vacuumed , dirty footprints on the sides of the doors and on my center console . i will not be coming back to this car wash .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware of broken promises . recently replaced my windshield with these folks as the gave me their word i would get two free car washes in the future . even gave me a handwritten voucher to use to redeem those washes . when i arrived to redeem my first complimentary wash the manager said he ca n't honor that as its not his policy . he even acknedged that voucher from his employee but said that is not something he will allow or do . when i asked if he has control of his employees and what they are doing or saying , he said `` that does n't matter , i ca n't honor this free wash '' . amazing why these car wash compaines get a bad reputation , this is a perfect example .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you 'd be better off at a $ 3 car wash. crap would be an over rating . car looked nominally better after getting the second most expensive wash on the menu . last time i waste my time and money there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm giving them one star due to the fact that my car was somewhat clean . i got the vip wash which really for the money i paid the work that was done was mediocre at best . they were very busy so i went across the street to grab some food . when i came back they informed me my battery died because someone left the keys in the ignition when going through the wash ... they said they jumped it and all was good . well i decided to do some shopping after and with my car sitting for awhile and turning it back on it was very hard to steer . i 'm thinking my power steering is going out . waited about a week before taking it to the dealership to find out my battery needs to be replaced due to it being messed up ... this is definitely not a coincidence . so thanks jackson 's ... not only did i get a half asked car wash for 35 bucks but now i have to pay for a new battery yay !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . took two cars in the same day . they did n't vacuum under the seats , did not wipe down anything on the interior , no scent was used on either car . after i pointed it out on 2nd car the guy jumped in and wiped down a few thing on the drivers side and got out . failing to wipe down anything on the door . seats were not touched . he left someone else 's keys in my car too . this was a terrible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid at all cost ! worst service every ! ! ! ! ! service is so slow and employees move at a snails pace ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customers beware ! ! ! do n't go to this place . after them telling me my carwash was complete they charge me and never completed my detail . they say i get a free detail but refused to give me my money back . clearly nobody is happy with this place and yes they are horrible . i will give them a higher rating if they deliver on the promise to finish the detail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the young girl behind the counter seemed to be annoyed that she had to take my money . change the tude girlfriend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "avoid this place for oil changes . they did my last oil change and now i 'm at another business getting a new oil change . i have a 2011 toyota 4runner and these require a special tool from toyota to remove the oil filter . there is a plastic housing that contains the filter and it requires a specific torque setting . if a company does n't have one of these tools , and uses another tool , there is a possibility the mechanic will screw the piece too tight and crack the housing . that is exactly what happened at jacksons and my vehicle has been leaking oil ever since . they just showed me the oil pan , and all the old oil that has accumulated and thickened within the pan . then i could see the fresh oil leaking out of the housing . i should have known better to trust my vehicle to a mickey mouse operation just for a free car wash . horrible ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got the `` works '' today . my interior looked like someone just rubbed a dry rag all around and called it done . and my car was not vacuumed at all . literally called just to make sure a vacuuming was included . the sand from my trip it california was n't even touched . did they even open my trunk lol ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the last time i 'll come here . i got the vip it took way too long to get my car clean and they did not even clean the inside . had to bring it home and clean it again . i can get that at the $ 5 wash , and clean it myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible experience today . i was told that i would get 50 % off when i was telling the attendant what car wash i wanted . i got the coupon from getting my windshield replaced , the coupon had it expired but was told they would still honor it . when i went to pay with the cashier she said they ca n't do it with our new policy . i asked and they would n't make any exception or give a refund . some of the worst service ever . then the cashier was talking to the other cashier about it after i left the counter . time to find a new car wash business . jack sons would n't even honor their word .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time at this car wash . if you want to spend an hour waiting for your vehicle and then want it with streaky windows and water spots all over your vehicle , then this is your place . first and last time for us ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never enough help and so your vehicle sits in the sun and gets water spots . i hv yet to have the windows be cleaned properly . they always have streaks and spots . if there were another choice i would be there in a second . i notice that someone wrote a lengthy review about how busy this place is and it is the customers fault because they are in a hurry . funny i never had this problem when it was danny 's and they had enough help to hv all lanes open and move cars at a good pace . this place struggles to keep up with three lanes open .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible . the management sucks the workers do n't do their job . i got a wash and had to leave and go to another wash because the wash was that bad . on a sunday they had one person vacuuming three rows of cars . if you complain they could care less . update : they left my car in accessory during the hour wait and now my car will not start and they are having to jump start it . do not come here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pulled in at 8:30 , waited and was able to pay at 8:55am . sat outside and watched my truck sit behind one other car till 9:15am , with everyone working every other lane than the vip lane . had to ask a maroon shirt what was going on , he explained they 're going to get to it . then he proceeded to check to make sure his hair was up to par , in my wet truck window . lesson learned , do n't come here , and if you do , get the cheapest wash cash that 's the only lane that gets worked . it 's now 9:25 ... truck still has n't moved and has now been air dried in 53 degree weather . looking at all the other reviews , makes sense the service i got . back to self service car washes it is p.s . i had to request for them to finish my truck as they kept going back to the basic wash line . finally drove away at 9:33 with shit all over my tires . worse 30 $ ever spent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service gets worse each time since they took over from danny 's . price of the hand wash has increased 16 % from 7-28-15 ( $ 24.99 ) to 9-8-15 ( $ 28.99 ) . this price is for a jeep wrangler 2dr hardtop . w with these price increases , wo n't be long until it will be cheaper to just buy a new car !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have come to the conclusion that jacksons and any of the carwashes in phoenix except for maybe the one on bell , ( that i ca n't remember the name of ) just do n't really care to get your car that clean . basically spend the lowest amount of money to get the windows and exterior done , if they happen to do the tire dressing that 's great . do n't waste your money on the rest . you can buy a can of tire dressing at the auto store and do it yourself . every time i get my truck cleaned at jackson 's or anywhere else , i have to go home and vacuum and wipe down the interior myself . this is true whether i get the cheapest car wash or the most expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my dog 's definitely crazy about this dog park . there are two separate dog parks , one for small dogs and one for large dogs . the grass is usually nice and green , there are plenty of doggy bags , and there 's also a water faucet so that you can fill your pup 's water bowl . there 's a lot of shade and plenty of benches to sit at in both the small and large dog park . the lights usually do turn off early , so you 'll want to get here before sunset . for all of you pokemon go players , there 's also a pokestop in each of two dog parks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are two large enclosures here : one for larger dogs and another for smaller ones . although i have no dogs of my own , i had a chance to experience using them both during my swim team 's `` dog day at the park '' last weekend . my teammates and i were in the `` big dogs '' enclosure , playing with the big critters they brought when one of my teammates arrived with his dachshund and his chocolate lab . since he could n't have both animals in one enclosure , i volunteered to bring the little wiener dawg into the enclosure for smaller ( below 20 lbs ) dogs . both enclosures were very spacious and clean , and the pet owners who we met were very friendly and shared plastic bags and even water for other dogs if needed . lots of parking , and the whole park complex itself was quite nice - well-maintained and very spacious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we always come here its a no frills park its got a small dark park for dogs under 20 lbs and one for dogs over 20 lbs . water fountains are available for both sides . water bowls seem to come and go . doggie bags are provided for pickup , park is generally clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a nice place , and i did n't even know it existed ! over fourth of july i babysat dan h and sarah h 's baby , ildi , a gorgeous vizsla . ildi is full of energy and i live in a townhouse and while i have a lovely grassy area out front , she 's not to be trusted so it was off to the dog park we went , as often as three times a day . i threw her ball until her cantor slowed to a trot then back home we went .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this dog park is just okay . lots of room for the dogs to run and play however it seems that there are people there who do not watch their dogs thus creating some chaos . would be better if the owners were more aware and responsible for their own animal ! my dogs seem to enjoy playing there though !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friends and i recently brought our dogs to this park . it was difficult to find and i think they could have had some water buckets dishes . aside from those two complaints , i have to say it is not a bad venue . my greyhound had a blast and ran around every where . the double gates are always a good idea . they have two gated dog parks- one for larger dogs and one for the smaller dogs . since my dog is mid-sized but very mellow- she got to go to both parks . only one dog owner scared me by saying that her dog often 'played ' with other dogs by biting their necks- um actually that 's a dominance thing . anyhow-my friends and i had a good time and i know the dogs did as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this dog park because it 's close to my house and there 's a separate part for smaller dogs 25 pounds and under and another enclosure for the larger dogs 25 pounds and above . if you have a dog that is antisocial and does not get along well with others please do not bring it to this park so we do n't have to worry about our animals getting into a fight because your dog never had proper socialization skills . we all greatly appreciate it . my only problem is that they turn off the lights too early for those of us who want to enjoy it in the very early morning or late in the evening especially in the summer . lots of people come to this park in the morning before work and in the evening after they get home . plan your playtime accordingly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very simple facility with two grassy acres and a dog watering fountain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "desperately in need of more seating ! but i do appreciate the park being separate between large and small dogs . services like water restrooms are nearby but i 'd say bring your own bottle for sure", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice big park ... but shame on my fellow dog owners . those that do not do their part disgust me . i spent 40 minutes cleaning up on my first visit because people are slobs . our pets deserve better than those owners that are disrespectful of others . my boy 's frisbee is for playing , not pick up after you ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place would be great but for one dog owner who brings her two unsociable dogs to the small dog park every day . one of her dogs constantly attacks mine , and she just sits on the bench and pays no mind . she obviously does n't care , and she acts like owns the place . beware of her annoying dogs ( named after the lion king ) , they ruin the small dog park .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the park is separated into a small dog park and a big dog park which is a good idea but inconvenient for me because i have both a small and big dog . another thing i noticed when i was last there was that there was a group of people all with their huskies , id say at least 8-10 of them . i have nothing against huskies or any dog for that matter but they seemed to be very aggressive towards other new dogs whom they did not know . im guessing that these dogs always hang out with each other and so kind of have some kind of park deal going on because they teamed up against this one dog that had come in and it got to the point where the dog was yelping and the owner had to leave because the other dog owners were n't doing anything and just laughing as their dogs bullied another dog . it was really sad . nothing against the park itself but this experience just turned me off from coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like the star says `` meh . ive experianced better ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this ones not our favorite . people seem to be a little more lax in their cleanup and the behavior of their dogs . also , frequently we 've been and there 's no one there . tempe is the best !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i take our two little dogs to this park . we absolutely love it and so do they . they have recently added some more shade structures and sweating which is nice . the separate space for small and large dogs works well . we 've had good experiences each time we 've gone . there is plenty of room for the dogs to run and play fetch . everyone that i 've come across there has been friendly and sociable . around it makes for a nice family experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a no-frills dog park . it 's great for dogs who like to run . no agility course , water provided , or anything like that . just a big empty space with a fence . we like it , but if you `` need '' the obstacles check out cosmo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really disappointed with this bark park . even through it has separate enclosures for large and small dogs , each space was lacking shade and multiple places to sit . even worse , there was poop everywhere ! ! ! pick up your poop people ! if you can , make the drive to the much more spacious and cleaner paseo vista rcreational park : http : www.yelp.com biz paseo-vista-recreational-area-chandler # hrid : axtzs71_nlo1rrmbysg5eq", "score": "2"}
{"review": "brought my little 8lb 6 month old otto here for the first time ! ! he loved it ! all the owners were watching their dogs and their was a nice shady spot for me to hide from the sun . i will be coming back here often : ) yay ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at this is crossfit you will find coaches who are knowledgeable and experience . this is crossfit not only offers regular crossfit classes but also offers yoga classes that help with mobility , an olympic weight lifting class to help with lifts , as well as a kids crossfit class . when you get great attributes in every class , each day that you come to work out , you will not only improve in your overall fitness , but you will enjoy the process as well . at this is crossfit it 's not just your ordinary lvac or 24 hr gym it 's a community where lasting friends and teammates are created .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the family atmosphere as this box is amazing ! everyone cares about each other and loves to see each other get better . from the moment i walked in as a visitor i felt like part of the family . so from a community perspective this is the best box i have dropped into ! i love all the coaches as they push you to be the best and help you with key technical pieces to make your lifts and exercises better . in fact i got a pr on my clean and jerk here ! i love the time they take to work on mobility as a group and explain what each movement looks like . i highly recommend this is crossfit for the beginner crossfitter or the advanced ( 3 years for me ) . thanks for making me feel part of the family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for the crossfit games open wod 13.3 . a group of crossfit gyms were rotating the schedule . this gym is huge ! it 's very clean and well set-up . the owners and staff were nice and did an amazing job with hosting the open this week for over 100 competitors . if you 're around this neighborhood , i would definitely recommend joining this box !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an amazing gym . why you ask ? # 1 the owners go at your pace . whether fit or a beginner , they work with you . no expectations until you 're ready to lift with the big beasts ! ! the gym is well rounded , yoga , nutrition , and kids crossfit . there 's also an olympic lifter who works with technique . not only is it fun but family oriented too . the owners are down to earth , could n't ask for any one better . and the other coaches are just as amazing . they all keep you motivated through positivity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i was a first time crossfitter and was a little intimidated but everyone , members and staff were so welcoming . coaches are friendly and very detailed orientated especially when it comes to perfect form for all of the movements . i have been going here for two months now and am already seeing results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this facility is amazing ! the team is wonderful and encouraging , the coaches are welcoming and work well with each and everyone who steps foot in the door and the environment is fun ! crossfit is a tough sport , but here at this is crossfit , you will find that you work hard with results with such an ease ! i recommend checking them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . good people and very passionate and caring owners . these people really care about your success and are good hearted . i highly recommend coming here if you 're looking to mix up your workout and be surrounded by some really supportive crossfitters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been coming here for more than 6 months now and love it . we 're in the best shape of our lives . the coaches are amazing - they really pay attention to your form and help you before after class with any areas you need work on . the classes are n't too crowded and the other members are a great supportive group of people . we look forward to going to crossfit every day - i can say that 's something we 've never experienced in any other gyms or fitness programs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was introduced to this gym by an amazing friend at work ! she is absolutely nice and in-shape so as a fitness obsessed individual that i am , i had to try their free `` share the pain '' week ! it was a week of wod and on-ramp classes of form , technique and basic workout movements . i loved it and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in crossfit . there staff is so nice and not all snobby like some crossfit gyms . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is crossfit is an awesome gym , i am currently enrolled in the on ramp course here and i am learning a lot about proper form and technique . there are numerous coaches here who take time out to personally show you how to do things the right way ! this gym is great for anyone who is interested in doing crossfit . all the instructors genuinely care about your progression . i recommend trying this place out if you want challenge yourself and take your workouts to the next level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the closest lynx station to the office , and as such , i almost always board the light rail here if going uptown after work . it 's only about a 10 minute ride . the station was initially supposed to be elevated like the tyvola station , but they decided not to do that once the line went way over budget . i like it being nearly street level . it 's easy to cross , and the `` push button to walk '' buttons actually work . it saves so much time when trying to get on a train . the one thing i do not like about this station is that it does not seem to be as well lit as the other stations . i always try to park as close as i can to one of the emergency buttons because of that . other than that , it 's a convenient and accessible station which is technically on old pineville rd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this lynx station is at street level , not elevated . the parking is to the west , with the entrances on old pineville road . there 's a quizno 's on the corner but not much else that is in the immediate area . there is only one ticket machine on the platform , at the north end . it does make change . in 'legal tender ' dollar coins . : - ( announcements are made for the next train , but i did not notice any signs for those who might be hearing impaired . at night , the back of the parking lot is very dark , so be aware of your surroundings if you 're not able to find a spot closer to the front and under a street light . tracks are crossed at track level , so do n't be an idiot . please pay attention when you 're crossing the tracks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "woodlawn station is a lynx blue line light rail station in charlotte , north carolina , united states . the station officially opened for service on saturday , november 24 , 2007 , and as part of its opening celebration fares were not collected . [ 1 ] regular service with fare collection commenced on monday , november 26 , 2007 . the station is located just off woodlawn road along old pineville road . it has side platforms , which sit on either side of the tracks . additionally , this station includes 386 commuter parking spaces . the woodlawn viaduct spans a distance of 0.25 miles ( 400 m ) , crossing 40 feet ( 12 m ) above woodlawn road and was installed in the period between may 10 through may 30 , 2006 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice to get around on the train in the queen city . i found it to be clean and very quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my search for a competent dentist stopped with my consultation visit with dr. batoon . i was very much impressed with her approach in that she took her time to make sure all questions were answered . the office is warm and you feel relaxed and welcome when you enter . dr. batoon is also surrounded with a knowledgeable professional and competent staff that seems to function in their duties like a fine tuned machine . i 'm very happy that i made the decision to visit bonita dental and my only regret is that was not a patient of hers years ago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. batoon and staff are outstanding ! she is very efficient and always on you about proper dental hygiene and what effective mouth wash & tooth pastes are the best . i 've been going here for about two years and appreciate the consistent care and education dr & her team offer . do n't look any further , you in good hands with bonita dental !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd like to think of this chinese place as a hidden harrisburg spot . the staff here is very friendly and willing to accommodate any kind of dietary restrictions you may have . they are tops because of their lunch special pricing . all of your chinese food favorites are served from 11-3 ( saturdays too ! ) at the low price of $ 5.55 ( plus tax ) . the lunch specials come with an egg roll and pork fried rice . i always call ahead and my food is always ready by the time i make the 7-minute drive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! fast delivery and it was still warm . i tried the egg rolls which were yummy . the curry chicken was pretty good , though i had to use some extra hot sauce to make it spicy enough for me . i also tasted the hot and sour soup , which was full of tofu , mushrooms , pork strips , and a couple other things , but again , i had to add hot sauce . it was by far the best chinese food i 've ever had delivered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for take out , this place is hard to beat . never had bad meal from here . owners very nice and cook clean quality food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where 's the meat ? '' this place used to be a regular for me for years , until one day i ordered hunan chicken take-out . bottom line , meat was almost non exsistent . mostly veggies but litle tiny strips of chicken i could barely find . very skimpy . i called to inquire if they mistakenly gave me a veggie dish , and i was they pre-measure the amount of meat in their dishes . went to another chinese restaurant that was a little cheaper and with huge chunks of chicken ! . since then , i have decided since i like meat i have n't gone back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great chinese food . anything you order with shrimp has large , tasty shrimp . none of the small shrimp you get at other places . everything on the menu is good , you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great fast chinese food like you would find in nyc - try it . cheap & fresh , love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst chinese food ever ! greasy , no flavor at all , and plain nasty ! i got my food home , took one bite and spit it out . rest went into garbage . will never eat here again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i can give them 0 stars i would . i ordered a chicken with broccoli and white rice and when we get home , it 's a sesame chicken with white rice . i called the place back to let them know and the woman argued that we ordered sesame chicken . how i know we did n't because it was for my son who hates sesame ! ! i would never recommend this place to anyone ! customer service is awful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is really good and reasonably priced . fast and friendly delivery . food was n't coated in a real heavy sauce which was nice . compared to other chinese food in harrisburg i would recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have gone down hill . check your order i have been missing food on takeout orders . who wants to drive all the way back after getting home to a hungry family .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was our favorite chinese take out . we frequent this place at least 3 times a week . we ordered 2 dinners and a order of crab rangoon . i waited for my order and when it was ready paid and went to the car and tried the rangoon which we always order . it was soggy went back in the restaurant and asked for new order , the owner stated he would retry and not give a fresh order . i asked for my money back and he was a nasty man . that is no way to treat a customer that spends $ 50 week in his restaurant . shame on you ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay food . decent price . crab rangoon was flat . kind of odd . chicken wings were nicely seasoned . pork fried rice ... . um.. 7 out of 10 . if you are short on money and want something other than fast food , go for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is excellent ! really good food and cheap prices ! my favorite chinese food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been customers of fushing 's for years . it was consistently great until about a year ago . now it is great 4 out of 5 times but sometimes it is so horrible we had to throw it away . we kept going back because when they are great they are great . unfortunately you ca n't know when they have a cook there that is so bad you ca n't make yourself eat it . i 'm not talking about slightly different , it literally is n't edible . yes , you will read many great reviews . if they have eaten there a few times and got the great chinese food we used to love there they will say it is great . listen to the long time , frequent customers that warn you that it is hit or miss ... great today , beyond horrible tomorrow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in to order food and saw the short young asian girl with her fingers in her nose . she covered her nose it as i came in towards the table . i have bought food here so many of times but as i came in the guy asked me what get he get me and i said i 'm sorry but seeing her working in the kitchen around food with her finger in her nose , no thank you , never again ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have eaten here 2x previous ... and i must say that the food is prepped quickly & hot . there is a nice flavor to the food , not a rushed taste . the place is quite clean , where as you may turn away , due to an unkept facility ! will definitely return , especially since the reviews from another place has kept me away from them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chinese . best in cabarrus county . i drive long way to get my chinese from here . family owned and good quality . generous meat portions in their dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the money they are the best in harrisburg ... i go there when ever i am looking for a good lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service man replaced the springs on my garage door opener and gave me a quote of $ 375 ! i went online and made a few phone calls and found that this job typically costs $ 150- $ 200 . i told ron the service man and we negotiated the price down to $ 225 . i would suggest doing some research before contracting them . other than that , they do good efficient work . they had the springs replaced within an hour . they also provided a 3 year warranty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the first bad review i 've ever had to write on yelp for a small business . after the tensioner in our garage door broke , i called sun city . they said they would have someone out to or house the same day between 3 and 6 pm . my husband left work early to be home . at 4:30 , they called to say they could not make it . i should have told them we 'd take our business elsewhere then . instead , i agreed to have them come back between 8 and 11 the next day . when we had n't heard anything by 1030 , we called to see the status . apparently , there was an `` error '' and they could n't find our appointment . after waiting on hold for a while they `` found the error '' and said they would send someone out by 11 . its 11:20 now and still nothing . we 'll be taking our business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you for you same day prompt service . work was done yesterday , so far so good . however , i did notice that the tech that came out to my place is not as friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "highly recommend ! ! same day service ! the installer terry was very helpful and nice . i 'm so happy i called sun city !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today ozzie with sun city garage doors came out to fix my garage this morning . he was great , very knowledgeable , and overall an awesome person . every question i had , he had an answer for . he was even kind enough to explain how to maintain everything so that i could prevent my garage spring from breaking in the future . i would highly recommend sun city garage doors to anyone looking fast , friendly , and quality service . easy 5 star service for me ! thanks guys ! ! ! -dustin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and great service by sun city garage on december 1st ! professional and punctual & now have my garage door back in working order ! will definitely recommend to others to use sun city services . great prices as promised the best rates in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sun city garage door charged over $ 1,000 to replace two garage door springs ; this is over double what other companies have charged . this company should not be in business ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sun city garage doors called me this morning to schedule time to come out . i told them i got home around 4:30 & they said someone would be out between 5:30-7:00 . robert showed up a little after 6:00 , very nice & friendly . replaced battery in my remote , still did n't work so he programmed a new one for me . he sprayed the wheels on the door , because it was loud . tried it out & works great ! robert had great customer service , friendly , quick ... very satisfied customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called for service on saturday , they told us someone will be to our house between 1 and 4pm . we waited , 4pm comes and no one showed . we called to see what 's up , no explanation , but they told us someone can come the next day between 9am and 12pm . ok fine . the guy showed up at 8:15 am . luckily we were home . the actually work done was ok but we noticed one of our glass windows on the garage door is now broken and someone put tape over it ( from the inside ) so it 's pretty obvious who did it ... my husband called to let them know about the broken window and was told they will `` pass on the info '' . no offer to replace the broken window or to even follow up with us . beyond unhappy with this service and will never do business with this company again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "woohoo ! congratulations on the 400th flagged fake review . these people never stop attempting to cheat the system . they rip people off , then place fake positive reviews . how to spot a fake review : 1 . 5 stars 2 . mentions donnie , ron , etc . 3 . look for words like professional , knowledgeable , dependale , shows up within an hour.. 4 . `` answered all my questions '' 5 . pretty much the same narrative pattern and verbiage i 'm totally aghast by the audacity of these people who run this business . a carbuncle in the backside of garage door owners .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last saturday , all of the sudden my garage door wo n't open . look at the door and saw one of the springs is broken . called sun city garage doors and they came out the next day , on a sunday . scott came out and he was very professional . explained all the options to me . decided to replace both springs . he completed the installation within 30 mins . even lubricated all my rollers . great guy and awesome service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "writing this on behalf of my mother since she does not have this app : we recently had this company called out for a check up on our garage because we noticed it was making a noise as it went up . clayton came out was very friendly and honest . he was upfront about the quality of our current garage . he went above and beyond to go back to the office right before closing to get another garage door keypad cover for our other garage . he was a great technician . if you have any problems in the future , i recommend asking for him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sun city garage was awesome . they offered to come out the same day , but i was n't available . so they came out the next day instead . they came between the hours they said they would . scott was awesome . he told me the price of everything and i said `` ok when can you fix my garage '' and he said `` right now '' . scott fixed everything in less than an hour and even told me how to keep up the garage . i ended up getting a newer system which is way more quiet than my old system . i would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my garage spring busted and i need it fixed asap ! called sun city and they set up an appointment right away . when they arrived andy the tech went over our options and explained everything before we made our choices . andy competed the work quickly and correctly ! ! he was very friendly and courteous ! ! i would like to recommend sun city garage door to everyone here on yelp ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had 2 appointments with them and they did not show within their window or show at all . when i called the 2nd time to say to not bother coming , they hung up on me and then would not answer the phone . horrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a torsion spring break on me last night , spoke to my property manager and they contacted sun city . i was called for an appointment between 12pm and 3pm . terry arrived roughly 1230 . diagnosed the issue , and started doing his repairs . my car was in his way because of some repairs i 'm doing , but he was nice enough to let me know that it 's ok and that he would work around it . he even requested a blanket over the car in case he accidentally drops a screw or bolt and not wanting to scratch the car , which is a plus . he was definitely in care of my personal property . terry also provided some knowledge on garage repairs , safety tips , and future preventative measures so that when i own my own house , i know what to look out for , and prevent failures and such . wish i could add two more stars because he is also a golden state warriors fan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company twice and both times i 've been very impressed with them . not only were the prices super reasonable but they were fast , on time and very efficient . first time they fixed my issue for $ 40 . second time replaced sensors , fixed chain and another sensor for $ 160 . the repair guy was also very nice to my little ones . i ca n't believe all the terrible reviews , they have been great for us ! i will use them again if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second experience with whitney murphy they do an excellent job although it is a bit pricey compared to others . they work well with the catholic cemetery up the street as well ... the only thing really stopping me from giving it 5 stars is it 's overpriced and a couple of dirty looks i got from a few of the staff ... . but they 'll get the job done and make it easy for you which is easier said than done in these situations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome period . it is so cool to play all of these awesome games the ones i recommend are job simulator and superhot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't waste your money ! we were greeted by a less than friendly girl working who had no idea what games to recommend . she asked us what game we wanted to play and we asked her for suggestions she said there were too many for her to go through . the kids ended up picking some zombie game the girl basically turned the game on and could n't figure out how to work it or help direct them . by the time they figured it out the time was up . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service and really great gear . highly recommend . the guy who helped us was really knowledgeable and patient . we had a great time and will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came for dinner . noisy and dirty with screaming kids . they were out of noodles for the asian shanghai noodles and there was a delay for my fajitas because the did n't have enough onions prepped . what a joke . when the food came the salmon was burnt and over salty - basically inedible . the vegetables were supposed to be steamed , but were raw . the beef for the fajitas was also overcooked . why did they bother asking how i wanted it done ? we spoke with the manager and told her that the food was terrible and we were leaving . no response or apology . i do n't think they really care . there are lots of good places to eat - avoid this place . i 'd give it a negative if i could .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unless you are ordered , lost or from brampton or whitby or some awful place ... why here ? ? ? food is bland , everything beyond mediocre to poor , bad . the staff is annoying ( new besties ) . so much wrong with kelseys , mainly ; not a good deal for a family ( pricey ) , and you will leave less satisfied than dining at a mandarin .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my three colleagues and i went there for lunch today before a meeting . the restaurant was half full . we ordered our food at 12:45 and told the server than we had to be gone by 1:30 . we did n't order anything crazy ... burger and sandwiches . our food was served to us at 1:20 ! if there was going to be an issue , she should have told us . i ordered the peppercorn burger , no cheese or lettuce , and fries . i was given the regular burger with onions and lettuce and a salad . nope , that 's wrong . so she came back with the same burger but with fries . wrong again ! with ten minutes to spare , i scraped the lettuce and onions off and ate it . not a great place for service : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a terrible experience we had at this kelsey 's on august 23 . we were heading to a movie the queensway and decided to hit the kelsey 's first . nightmare ! 1 . we asked for a booth and were met with frowns of `` oh we 're too lazy to accommodate that '' 2 . we were never given cutlery and i had to get up to get it from another table . 3 . our waitress did n't write down our order . 4 . as a result of # 3 we never got our appetizer . 5 . the soups salads all came out at different times . 6 . the main entrees came out while we were still eating our soups salads . 7 . when we asked the person who `` served '' our entrees out about our appetizer she asked us to ask our `` server '' - wtf ? i would post the blonde idiotic waitress ' name here if i knew it . she needs to be fired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had n't been to a kelsey 's in a very long time . i admit , i was a bit skeptical when my friends wanted to grab a bite here after the movies . i recalled mediocre and unimaginative food from the kelsey 's of years past . honestly , i was amazed by the restaurant makeover at the flag ship etobicpke location ! cool decor , hip & happening place and an excellent patio . a great place across from the cineplex to grab a bite after the movies . i quite enjoyed my mango mojito and alfredo chicken pasta - it had great flavours ! our server was friendly and our food came out quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm really not sure what cara group was going for here . from the outside it looks a bit like trashy urban vibe . quite frankly it looks very much out or place in the neighbourhood . there is no intimacy on the inside . i wonder if they 're trying too hard to be a jack astor 's ? as for the food , there is no meaningful improvement over the old menu , although there are quite a few new items . a very average burger at best for nearly $ 15 . service was very slow despite the fact it was n't busy . also , there is no longer 1 2 price wings on thursday at this location only . if noise , tacky decor , lack of any privacy , average food , etc ... ..is your thing ... ... you might like this new reno .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was here on valentine 's day for dinner . not a long wait even on a busy day . my hubby got the steak sandwich , which he really liked and i got the chicken parmesan with alfredo on the side . alfredo was kind of tasteless , deff needed more cheese and the chicken was pretty small . overall for the first time here it was pretty good . the atmosphere tottally feels like one of those after work places with friends colleagues though , not a romantic date or a family place for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok - so the new vibe took some time to get used to . kelsey 's has always been a family restaurant with a bar to me . the new feel is a yuppie lounge . staff are fun an the beer selection is great . but i hate the new menu . there 's a few exceptions - like the goat cheese flatbread . but the one thing that really drives me crazy are the sayings ( happiness always ) and the silly signs . out of ten - i have to say a six .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the steak and chipotle shrimp was fantastic . i strongly recommend the new kelsey 's ... although it 's a bit pricey", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i actually really like going to this kelseys now because they have made renovations and changed up the menu . the burgers are quite delicious", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great burgers ! cool atmosphere . it gets busy especially with the movies beside . a little pricey but i enjoyed the food . i would go back . i enjoy it more than the milestones or montana 's next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i always stop at kelsey 's for lunch when traveling from ny to michigan . i had a cosmo which was delicious . i got the reuben spring rolls . the idea of them is brilliant and they were super tasty . my mom got the chicken caesar salad and they nailed it . on the way back we got flat breads . we got the chicken and goat cheese flat bread and the burchetta . the crust was thick and actually held all the ingredients together . it was also a very big flat bread perfect for sharing . i would go there again on my next trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a bit too bright to my liking - for a pub - but it feels cheerful and safe , by the same token . it s a bit over-priced , but you know that you 're going to get consistent service and consistent quality . last time i went , i ordered a 7 oz sangria - and was pleasantly shocked when i was served a 1-liter glass jar of sangria . turned out the 7 oz refers to the amount of wine , and not the overall size of the drink : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , the music was so loud we could n't speak . i do n't want to sound like an old grouch , as i am only 40 , but wtf ... ... after waiting 15 minutes for our table and struggling to have a conversation , we decided to ditch . to many near by choices , to be forced to tolerate the poor environment", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as usual this is a place to bring friends . the staff is young and attractive . the food is average at best but my high score comes from the people who sit at the bar . it 's always a fun place to sit and strike up a conversation . i tell my single friends to go here and have fun . order the 101 burger and leave the steaks to a steakhouse . the best apps are fried expect to have fun , not an award winning meal . the tvs are always on and the employees dance throughout the day . it 's always fun to be around happy employees . jay - the gm - will stop at nothing to ensure you are happy . if you 're not , ask for him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this guy is a scam artist . i had a genuine large scale tax problem . he managed to con me into giving him my debit card number and tried to charge me $ 7500 . here 's where i was red flagged ... .he never even asked or cared about knowing my social security number ! ! ! ! ! ! oh nd do n't let the fancy building fool you . he rents that little 8x8 office and probably shares that too . that 's why there are no personal items or files in his `` office . '' buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "be very cautious with this company . first of all , they are not located in las vegas , rather they are based in california . this would n't be a problem except they are not up front about it . secondly , they charge way too much . thirdly , they ignored the real reason i sought them out , which was guidance on how to file back returns . i felt i was an employee but was being treated as an independent contractor . they just give you forms to fill out and offered no guidance what so ever . they also did not require any actual receipts - just their forms filled out . i could have filled in anything . i do n't know how they can be licensed in nevada . after paying their awfully high fees and getting my returns filed , i felt like a fool having paid so much . i could have used turbo tax and highly recommend that is what you do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love our photos ! they are beautiful and captured some awesome moments from one of the best days ... ever ! chadwick and his team were professional , on time and really creative . my husband and i wish we could do it all over again ... not the planning but of course the celebrating with all our loved ones . we went to papago park before the ceremony to get most of the photos out of the way and they turned out fantastic . chadwick and his team blended right in to our party and even set up a slide show of the photos taken before the ceremony for our guests to enjoy which was super cool ! we ca n't wait to get our wedding album from him and would definitely recommend his services for your special moments . definitely do n't pass up the chance to work with chadwick and his team .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chadwick did our wedding this past august at lake powell resort ( traveling 5 hours from phoenix ) , and we were blown away with how amazing our photos turned out ! not only was he priced very reasonably , but he was fun and easy to work with and the photos were fantastic ! i am so glad that we have such beautiful pictures to capture and remember one of the biggest days of our lives together ! = ) seriously -- whoohoo ! as good as it gets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chadwick did a fantastic job as our wedding photographer ! we knew he was the right photog for us from our first meeting . he made the whole process leading up to the wedding easy and low key . on our day , he was prompt and professional while being fun , engaging , and creative . he captured the moments perfectly and i could n't recommend him more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing photographer that does not do the typical or mundane . i have had the honor and privilege to not only work with chadwick , but also witness the art he produces . if i could have had his eye behind the camera at my wedding i would have jumped on it . you will not be disappointed , i promise ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only is he amazing with his wedding clients , but he is a joy to work for . he loves his work and enjoys his clients . there is no other place he would rather be than photographing your wedding day . i look forward to working with chadwick again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stop your search , you have found the best ! chadwick took our engagement photos in cholla bay , mexico and did a phenomenal job . he gave wonderful direction that translated into gorgeous photos that actually capture `` us '' not staged poses . he is easy to work with and helped even my shy husband out of his shell , not an easy task ! thank you for everything chadwick , we ca n't wait to find an excuse to use you again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was married in december , 2009 , and this wonderful group did my photos . this was a second wedding for me , and i was able to have a lot more fun this time around . i wanted something really different . i had only a short time to plan my wedding because my fiancee was being deployed , and they went out of their way to fit me in . chadwick fowler , the owner , and his team spent all day with us , and we honestly just had fun . that fun and relaxation definitely shows up in our photos , which are so different and striking . i get tons of comments and compliments on them . i would recommend using this company , you definitely wo n't be sorry ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are some great wedding photographers in the phoenix area , but chadwick is in a class all his own . from start to finish , chadwick was great ! he worked with us to create a custom package tailored to fit our needs and budget . he was prompt in answering e-mails , and the day of the wedding he arrived at our venue a few minutes ahead of schedule to begin working his magic . not only did he have great ideas for poses , but he caught the most amazing candid shots , many of which turned out to be our favorites ! he was an absolute pleasure to work with , and his professionalism and friendliness impressed everyone in attendance ! chadwick went above and beyond and captured beautiful memories for us to cherish always . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i worked for chadwick as a filmmaker video editor for modern wedding scenes . he 's an amazing person , he cares , and he 's always focused on what 's next and what we can all do better . most importantly , he 's fun and has fun while doing it . he 's very talented and know what he 's doing when it comes to wedding photography and filmmaking . if you 're looking for the best photographer in the valley , and you wan na have some fun while making great photographic art , hire chadwick . simple . he goes above and beyond to make sure you 're happy , because like i said , he cares .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chadwick fowler was our favorite wedding 'vendor ' and we are so happy we chose him as our photographer . his work is amazing , vibrant and artistic . also he is very personable and really knows what he 's doing ! ! i really recommend him because you can completely relax and know you are in good hands and that 's so important on your wedding day ! ca n't say enough good things about him ... check out his work and webpage bc they speak for themselves ! thank you chadwick for capturing our wedding memories and being a joy to work with ! you are awesome ! lov , ken & juls", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chadwick and his team are amazing ! we interviewed many photographers for our wedding and once we met chadwick , we knew we found the right one . he offers the perfect combination of talent and personality . he is fun to be around - which is so important for your special day - and his work is incredible . we will always cherish our wedding photos and have chadwick to thank !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the modern wedding scenes team handled my photo shoot on location in cholla bay , mexico . chadwick and his staff , helped put us at ease in front of the camera and took the time to listen to what we really wanted to commemorate the moment , plus added suggestions that were invaluable . the result is a set of photographs we will remember forever that truly captured the moment . if you are need a wedding photographer or a photographer to capture an important moment in time , chadwick fowler and modern wedding scenes are your guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my lawyer sent me here from my car accident and this place is great . dr. day is awesome . his staff are like family . kamie , laura , pris & brinanna were wonderful . made me feel very comfortable . thank you guys for your tlc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "effective treatment . well run office ; everyone very personable and friendly . dr day serious and skilled . knows his stuff . fixed a back problem for me in three visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a horrible car accident , & dr.day has conservatively been treating me . he 's easy to talk with , and goes over everything with me , especially all the other dr.s appointments , mri 's and my options , in health care . his office staff is more , than helpful as well . they call other dr.s for me , and get answers right away , referrals , films , reports , anything you need . i would highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pita of the month = great value ! ! ! had the chicken pesto pita and it was very delicous and fresh . food was prepared quickly and the fries were bomb ! not too much room for dining ( hence , the title express ) , but just enough . will be back again , for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great for lunch ! inexpensive , good food that really hits the spot . get the greek fries ! you wo n't be disappointed . that lemony garlic flavor is amazing . i recommend you bring a sweater during any of the cooler months because it gets shady on the patio and they tend to leave their doors open inside . it got rather chilly there and i had to rush my lunch . other than that , this place is on the list for quick service and quality eats !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the lamb souvlaki and boy was it good ! the lamb was seasoned and cooked to perfection . my co-worker loved the gyro too . i will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice menu . inexpensive prices . a great find thanks to yelp .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the express falafel pita and was so happy to find out that i got a free salad fries with it at lunch time ! : ) i only paid $ 5.24 and had a bigggg plate of food ! i really liked the falafel so i definitely recommend this place . the staff was also very nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is fun . quite talkative , but very nice . table was a little dirty but silverware was clean ! food was pretty good . not the best but up there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mbfge is close to my casa , so i swing by often for takeout . the staff , including the owner , is always quick and friendly . i 've never seen the place busy ; location is probably to blame for that . the patio looks pretty comfortable . i 'm boring , so i usually get one of the express pitas and a side of fries . you can opa ( ! ! ) size any pita for $ 2 ( includes a side and a drink ) . you 'll always get a generous serving of tzatziki sauce ( which is good , but most of it goes to waste , sadly ) . there 's a little bar with 4 stools and a nice flat screen ( which usually has espn on ) . they serve happy hour , but i have n't partaken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good but not great ! ordered a gyro 's and fries the gyro meat was cold and could have been reheated before dishing it up . lots of food for 5.50 for the lunch special but i dont think i would make a special trip to return", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all my lunch crew has said such great things about this place so i had such high hopes ... i went to the counter and ordered the lamb souvlaki - tender pieces lamb sirloin marinated and grilled with your choice of two sides ... the sides i went with were fries and the vegetables ... i mother tells me i need to eat more vegetables so i thought it was a homerun meal . i rate the experience as followed ... lamb souvlaki - f french fries - c vegetables - d i have a lot of lamb in my life and that was by far some of the toughest i have had but it did have great flavor ... the broccoli was cut way to big and over cooked the only thing that save the meal was the side of the sauce i got they put on the lamb i drowned everything in it . i will say i will not be back anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "popped into this michaels looking for some late halloween decorations and perhaps some for thanksgiving . a few days before the end of the month , the very few remaining items were marked down 70 % which was nice . but the main focus in this part of the store is on christmas decorations . so clearly , plan ahead . pick up what you need and store it for next year . a was also able to look at the framing section and their prices are n't too much out of whack considering that it 's ready very quickly . especially when you need an odd size like 15 by 35 . i 'm not a crafter or a scrapbooker , so i could n't really tell you if those sections are particularly enthralling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite location ! this michaels is newer , puts all others to shame . looks like they 've upgraded the fixtures and a few other things . so here 's my story . i 'm a former employee of michaels arts & craft . worked at the mayfair location in wilmington in 2007 -- -highschool days -- -dear jesus i do n't miss working in retail ! sales : there 's always a sale at michaels . you have to move fast , theses customers are vicious . my item of choice is ribbon -- lots and lots of ribbon . i have a million colors . priced between 50 to 98 cents . you ca n't beat it . i 've never had a bad experience here . the michaels staff is top notch -- i always forget about their coupons -- which they will give you at checkout . i 've been meaning to takes one of their monthly classes . maybe i 'll do this after my wedding . nothing wrong with adopting a new hobby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this michaels in rivergate is pretty cool compared to the others in the charlotte area . it is `` newer '' and i bet they had a part in planning the construction of the store since there 's a craft room for classes located in the front ... . glass windows and everything . the registers also seem carefully planned with one common line , instead of the normal panic you go into as far as choosing which register is faster at a normal michael 's location . probably the only downside is that the location is on one end of the rivergate shopping center so it took some hunting ... .. i knew it was there , but it was just a matter of navigating the parking lot ( no easy task ) to get there . not sure if this location has seen a lot of change in seasons yet , but the floors and everything were pretty spotless . not that your craft supplies need to come from a clean , sanitary standpoint , but it 's nice to be clean and organized to begin with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loves michael . yet i 'm not a scrapbook expert or very crafty . i 'm glad they finally open one near my home . this place is a hit or miss . they have good stuffs but very limited . however , i went 2 weeks ago and wanted something to hold my seem like thousand of makeup brushes . unfortunately the one they had on the shelf is broken . since it 's more than 70 % off they mention it have it ship to the house . which i did . i was very annoyed when i received in the mail that it 's completely not what i ordered . did n't have a chance to take it back until today . and the sale is over . michael staffs was very nice and priced what i wanted to the sale price 2 weeks ago . i 'm happy . even tho items can be limited . staffs make things better by helping and very tentative . nice to see so far no high turnover . i recognize some of the same staffs . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this particular michael 's now a few times so i feel i can properly give an opinion on it . generally speaking i end up coming in for fake flowers in the fall to make wreaths or some other autumn craftiness my friends and i decide to make . their selection is usually pretty good . not as large as some other locations but the quality is there . yesterday i went in looking for some ink pads and photopolymer stamps . the selection in store was pretty grim . my guess is they do n't have much of an audience for it . that being said i was able to get in and out with only what i needed and no going overboard so my wallet can respect that lol . i was very tempted by their planner section as there were many . however i stayed strong and walked away . all in all the staff is nice , the store is clean and organized , and it 's in a convenient location . so solid 4 stars ... a full 5 stars would have to see them upping their selections !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to utilize coupons and do two separate transactions your made to get back in line to do the second transaction . store policy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so when i moved in around 6 months ago i ask for window screens and i was told no due to diferent excuses . well i found screens on the floor of a vacant apartment that have been sitting there for almost a month now . like i said before it was definitely a mistake moving here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never written a review on yelp before but let me tell you , this is the worst place to live . i 've been thru hell and back and to top it off just got stung by a scorpion in my bed 4 days ago , the most traumatic experience in my life . i 'm moving as of that day , thinking the new management would be better and do something about these scorpions , ac and everything else . nope not happening . if you do n't mind any of that , move in ! i sure as hell would n't though . you have been warned guys !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if your a fan of scorpions this place is for you ! infestation galore . total of 5 scorpions within a month we 've dealt with . especially one that was on our ceiling above the bedroom . do n't take my word for it check out apartmentratings.com for more reviews and pics about your friendly lil roommates . surprising how the complex would spend money to finally add lights to walk ways instead of investing in professional control for these poisonous insects . this place was great for the price we had high hopes until we found out the home we 're suppose to come to after work is more stressful to keep an eye out . if they do n't break our lease i 'm going to the media and or getting an attorney . scorpions scorpions ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the apartments complex and brittney in the office is so wonderful & she is very helpful and always answer all my question and concerns with no hesitation , thanks a million brittney you truly are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , thought it would be nice ? saw a guy get murdered here monday april 18th . i have a camera that may have caught the men who did this . due to maintence ordered being ignored 3 times my camera did not catch any of this . i got stung by a scorpion 3weeks ago . a real bad cast at the leasing office . they do n't take care of anything or make sure things get done . i 'm not sure if there is a property manager but they are always gone or in a meeting ? very disappointing . gated community ? really ? yes , they do have gates . they are always open . lived here 3months are the gangs , drug dealers , homeless are allowed here ! come one come all , felons , you name it ! you 'll find them here . keep looking ! ! this is all true .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live here , i 've been here for almost 2 years & @ first it was fine , but we recently got transferred to a new apartment & it was suppose to be their `` new `` model , & nothing is done right , our toilet is tilted , our ac broke down a month later there 's paint on the door knobs , our washer does n't seem to work & we 've complained & complained & nothing i ca n't wait until our lease is done so we can get the hell out of these apartments . i would n't stay even if they lowered rent . front office do n't care about the complaints etc , they put you on hold & their just rude . i hate going down there & talking to them because all they do is procrastinate on sending a maintenance over to do their jobs . do n't move here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the maintenance staff are fast and efficient . i have been here for a short period and i have felt at home . i always see maintenance working hard and cleaning the property . the office staff is very nice and cordial and always there to help shows alot about the managing style of this property . i am very happy that i chose to live here and will make this my permanent home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where to start , well i personally have only lived in the complex about a month but i have a few friends who also live here so i 've been in and out of a few units before i moved in and let me tell you ! the way the maintenance department updated my apartment is nothing short of amazing ! usb ports in all my outlets , fresh paint , completely sealed corners , smooth flooring and a spotless finish all over ! whenever i move int a new places i always feel the need to clean the apartment from top to bottom as i move in , not this time . all the appliances were upgraded and functional , i did n't have to worry about a thing ! i was truly impressed not only that but now i 'm the envy of all my friends lol they ca n't believe my place ended up being nicer then there 's lol !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . infested with roaches and scorpions . maintence never shows up . my toilet has been broken for 3 days now . called several times a day . i usually get their answering machine since no one ever is in the office or they are busy so they just let all the messages go there . found out it doesnt matter anyway cause they wont respond anyway . pools are never open . and hot tubs are alway broke . tennis court and basketball court dont have nets . i can not say anything good about this place or its lazy incompetant staff . please dont even consider this place . if you do you will have regrets .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "large and very nice apartments , but the customer service and cleanliness very bad more pool takes three months without maintenance slug water is full of germs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally moving out of this apartment which sucks because the location and apartment itself was perfect for me . my kitchen is still to this day not fully functioning ( broken refrigerator and garbage disposal ) . they have gotten much better staff recently . if you decide to move here , only speak with brittany or prepare for clueless stares when you ask specific questions about anything . she 's been awesome and even made me want to stay here . she takes the time to listen and help which is not something we 're used to here !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everyday i put in another main thence request . the ac is broken , the stoves does not work , my mailbox gets broken into . no response from them . that 's it ... when you have to move into a hotel to get away from the lack of air in your home that is surrounded my roaches , and you no longer get mail , nor can you cook ... .it 's time to get the hell out ! i 'd live in the desert next to a cactus before giving the idiots that run this place money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great area , great living space but ! ! ! ! ! ! when you need stuff fixed ur sol it 's been a month and i have n't had my door fixed ... i just had a new issue come up in my bathroom . i called them because i would love to take a nice decent shower and i asked if they could come and check it out by today and they said no there busy with they 're daily schedule . so here goes takin bucket showers for a month because i doubt they 'll ever show up . also what 's up with them raisin the rent on loyal customers i 've definitely have had it with them and am looking to move as soon as my lease is up . had it with these bozos ! do n't get me wrong the staff is very nice but nothing gets done on time when u need it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've tried to refrain from speaking on this place but my gosh ! ! ! ! rent here is expensive enough for the area and for me to have to wait a week for maintenance is utterly ridiculous . my dryer stopped working and i immediately called and it 's now been an entire week and they have yet to show up . i called back after maybe three days and was promised they would come within the next 2 days and again nothing ! this place is overpriced and infested . it 's hot and i ca n't even walk outside after dark because it 's hundreds of huge roaches on the ground . i 'll hold the rest as i 'm tired of typing . i 'm over this place thinking about getting outta this lease it 's not worth it i can get a house for the rent they charge . ugghhh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it not to these apartments is the worst move ! ! ! ! ! ! it not to these apartments is the worst move you do not get customer service are rude bruno who is in charge of maintenance is a fool who has no education in the office do not pay attention and the gate is always open . awful proof of maintenance work . closed the pool in summer and water wasted", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has been absolutely horrifying wtf just moved here yesterday and im guessing the budget sweets may be better then this for 740 a month i feel like im living in a motel 6 ! roaches are all over the place smells like mold and here i am at 4am in the morning pissed off cause my kitchen is flooded out the so called 24 hour maintenance people didnt answer ! ! staff needs to get there shit together ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've lived here for over a year now . ever since it 's been under new management there is a huge difference ! the maintenance team is on it and fixes things in a timely manner as well as efficiently . the staff is helpful , friendly , and gets renovations done in a timely fashion . i feel much safer better now that they fixed the gate and maintain everything including the pool . thank you new management for making me want to renew my lease !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the staff in here they are fun to talk with , they treat you like a friend rather than a stranger , the residents are chill and respectable and sometimes it takes a little time for maintenance to respond . overall the maintenance is very kind when they come and complete orders .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "and once again the staff carousel just trashes any progress made with the prior group . i really do not understand how any claim of making this property viable can be made with a straight face . 1 more year and my time and patience are up . just a standard `` turn and burn '' property . average buildings at a too high price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if it would be my choice . i would n't give it a star.. this place is horrible ! ! i 've been paying stupid late fees because of them ... they turn off your water with out going out notices ! ! dryers and washer do n't even work ... they talk a whole month in order to repair a water leak ! ! oh , and if you like special guests ( waterbugs reaches ) coming in to your apartment then this is perfect apartment four you ! ! they say they pet friendly but they not !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been on property for a year now and i love it ! the staff & maintenance crew are amazing . they have great pools and love the basketball & tennis courts ! close to the stripe and airport too ! ! ! ! have n't had any issues with pest but the office staff let me know that if i ever do they have pest control on their expense . ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "don't ever try to rent this place their price change every day ... they give u price different from their website to the price u have to pay ... .sooooo unrealistic what more if u sign your contract you do n't know what price u gon na pay . their listing for two bedroom online is only one ... they said does n't exist then why u put it your info like that . so all that is f # % bullshit . not gon na rent this place if they giving u different pricing and the unit does n't even exist ... .wtf", "score": "1"}
{"review": "muy buen trabajo , efficientes , respectusos , limpios y muy amables trabajadores , muchas gracias", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we moved to the west of toronto , we decided to switch to a salon closer to our home . after much research , we decided to give soho a try and have never gone anywhere else since . victor does great razor cuts for men if requested and is also one of the owners . i 've loved every hair stylist that i 've gotten to cut my hair -- ashley , noelle and agatha . unlike most salons where you have to be choosey with who you get , at soho every stylist is amazing at what they do and are always willing to offer hair tips . great salon close to sherway gardens and i would recommend anyone on the way west end to come . it 's an enjoyable and fun experience getting your hair cut at such a lively place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my hair has never looked so good as it has since i started seeing victor for a cut and danielle for highlights . why did it take me so long to find this place ! easy to get to , a pleasure to be a client .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've done a lot of weird and damaging stuff to my hair and soho has been there to help cover up my mistakes and make my hair look good again ! when i 'd dyed my hair pink and could n't get it out , my colourist made it look fantastic . when i wanted to take a risk and get bangs , my stylist did exactly as i asked , and then touched them up when i changed my mind about my vision . the staff are very friendly and the service is excellent . i 'm happy to say that i 've found my permanent hair salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got home from my appointment and i 'm so happy i had to come and write a review right away ! this was my first time at soho and i was lucky enough to get holly who is an absolute gem . such a beautiful and talented girl , i 'm so happy to have her as my new stylist . i have really fine hair that you ca n't do much with and i wanted a certain style but was n't sure if i was going to be able to achieve it with my texture of hair . holly talked to me about what would and would n't work and the results were beautiful . the atmosphere of the salon is great , everyone is very nice and efficient , and i was in and out in less than an hour . after many years of not often not liking my hair cuts and have a stylist who did n't really listen to what i wanted and had outdated ways of doing things , holly was a total fresh of breath air . i will definitely be back to this amazing salon and stylist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time going here today and i was impressed with my results which is rare . will definitely come back in the future ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went into the salon with an idea of what i wanted for my color but i was n't sure how it was going to be implemented . after explaining to danielle what i wanted , she knew exactly what to do . my color is fixed now and i was able to keep my blonde which is what i wanted . thanks danielle !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for about a year now , as my colorist left my previous salon . i 'm so happy i found soho - its even closer to my house than my last salon , and its such a nice spot with lots of natural light . its conveniently located across from sherway gardens and i 've never had an issue finding parking . they can be busy ( especially around the holidays ) , but its worth the wait for an appointment . would recommend : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a client of salon soho since 1996 and would never think of going anywhere else . not sure why it took me so long to review them ? ! ? they just moved from their original sherway gardens location across the street in the plaza with sears home and red lobster . i am so glad i wo n't have to deal with mall parking during the holidays anymore ! ! love the new space , tons of natural light and good ventilation . my stylist is robbie and is beyond awesome . he always listens to what i want and makes helpful suggestions to ensure the perfect do every time . make sure you ask for him ! ; ) both men and women are welcome . kids are welcome here too , one of my younger brothers had been going here since he was a toddler ( and he has an appointment for later today ! ) . overall , this is a great salon option with awesome customer service - a perfect place to get beautified !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in before catching my flight home . the establishment is open 24 7 which would be a great place for your late night night munchies fix . dine inside where there is ample seating and a salsa bar to spice up your favorite mexican entree . after cheking out the the menu large posted menu , i went with a carnitas burrito and a side of sopas . they accept credit cards here and my order was up quickly . the burrito which was packed with yummy pork , cilantro , and salsa - it was so large i could only eat half of it and half of the yummy side entr\u00e9e rice . definitely would recommend this place for your nevt mex fast food fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you know if you 're looking for a quick meal that is n't too bad it will not break the budget we would recommend this place looking for authentic mexican food this far is from the place you want to be thank god we were only looking for a quick meal . when we ordered our steak burrito , the steak was dry like it been sitting around for a while really nothing to decide to come back . of course we are always people that try to give locations a second try , so we decided to come here for breakfast , we ordered breakfast burritos which were very dry tasteless and nothing special . if we were looking for a couple quick tacos we were deafly give this place a try again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have only been to this location so i ca n't review what the other location are like . i love this place . they are friendly , fast , and willing to make changes and substitutions . the price is good , higher than taco bell or del taco but the food is always much better . i love the carne asada fries and beef tacos . you get a lot of food for the price so that is a good thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disgusting service..i ordered a total of three items and everytime i added to my order the cashier would look back at the cook and tell him to make it pissed off and the cook would throw the tortillas on the grill with an attitude i asked if he could add chicken to my burrito and he said no i have to buy it the way it 's on the menu i asked him to sell me a side of chicken and i 'd do it myself he said ok .at the end he put the chicken in the burrito ..made an issue of it just because..lazy ass paisa..then he rushed me out of the restaurant once my order was ready ..disgrace to the race ..pinche porqueria de servicio", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is so dirty i honestly ca n't believe the way the station where you get your sauces lemons etc is . came in here during my lunch break and the cashier did n't ask me if i was taking it to go or not . so they did my order as if i was eating here . second the back station for the sauces was gross . there was no green sauce left and all the lemons were thrown on top of the sauce everything was basically not where it 's supposed to be drenched in all the sauces . not to mention i stepped on an old onion that was left on the ground along with lemons and napkins . like i 've been to so many robertos and this by far is the dirtiest one . management needs to do a better job at keeping the restaurant sanitary .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! ! im definitely not coming back after that lady 's attitude ! i ordered a horchata and she handed me the cup & i said i asked for horchata & she said ice ? i said yeah & she told me `` go get it yourself ! '' customer service is everything at a restaurant ! she was rude ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite roberto 's location : ) the service is awesome . i always ask for my green onions to be grilled and they do it without hesitation . their salsa bar is always clean and there tacos are delicious ! i love coming for the wednesday chicken taco special . california burrito is bomb too ! the atmosphere is n't too welcoming but whatevs i come for the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cashier was super rude . ordered 2 breakfast burritos and they gave us 2 carne asada burritos drowned in guacamole . we did n't realize it was the wrong order until we got back to work . went back and explained what happened and she said that it 's our fault and that we should n't of picked up the wrong order . customer service was horrible , instead of apologizing and giving us what we paid for she decided to be nasty about it . to be honest i should of got a full refund after that type of service because after running back and forth food was cold and appetite was ruined . will not be returning , food is n't that good anyways.. it 's just convenient .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh . and that 's all i have to really say . i was craving mexican since i was close enough to the west coast , but i have learned my lesson that the best mexican food is in cali . i really had a thing for tacos for some reason around this time and wanted some rolled tacos . they were just ... okay . was n't anything to write home about . i did n't even finish them . ummm the best thing i can say about them was that the food came quick and they were within walking distance of the outlet mall . dassit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "january 4th 2017 . chicken taco wednesday and their carne asada fries are the only thing good about this place . do n't expect clean tables or good customer service . get everything to-go ! i work at the mall right across the street from this location . walked in during peak hour around 130pm-2pm on a friday , so i expected it to be crowded . i order ten chicken tacos for my entire staff and reminded the woman about the employee discount we receive for working in the mall . she rolled her eyes and told her coworker in spanish `` this girl is trying to get a discount . what do i do ? '' i 've been to this location a million times and remind them each time . they thought i was lying , however gave me the discount anyway . my staff was satisfied with the food , but service i received to go get it was not worth it , in my opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hmm , it is what it is . it 's an okay mexican fast food joint with a decent selection . i consider the food bland , but you can doctor it up with the sauces on the side bar area . the food is cheap and made fresh on the spy , so it 's a notch above taco bell . the place was clean even though i went at what consider a busy time ( lunch ) . i 'll come back the next time i want something fresh and cheap , but not because the flavors are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so there 's no line and there 's a cashier who were talking to other girl and she saw me and my bf and the thing is she did n't even greeted us and like she went to the register , turned around and talk to her co worker and i 'm like `` hi ! '' with manners of course .. and she got our order then when our order is up , my pine apple juice is missing and she is no where to be found and her guy co worker did my pine apple juice like seriously bad service smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to order a torta and california burrito with extra guacamole for my girlfriend . once we received our order we went back home to eat it . my girlfriend noticed there was no guacamole added as requested . i called them to let them know what had happened . the girl on the phone said i could come back in . i assumed that theyd make me another order . i got there and they told me since i did n't bring back the burrito they will not be able to make me another one . they offered to return the extra dollar i had paid for the extra guacamole . i was not very thrilled with this . i would recommend if you do order here make sure your order is correct or else they do n't bother making you another one . apparently someone is counting all the tortillas in the back to make sure one sole tortilla is not missing and their business tanks . even though they messed up the order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is great but the incredibly rude service kills it . lady who works the counter on night shift is uninviting , rude and unprofessional . we 're all locals and wo n't be coming back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get the same thing every time i eat here , carne asada chimi , they make it just how i like it . they have churro 's but i wish they had the fruit filled ones that would make a nice finish to my meal . i usually eat here for lunch from time to time they are quick and my food is always made correctly . my husband orders a variety of things and has always been happy with his choices from california burrito or the carne asada plate . the restaurant is always clean and so are the bathroom which for a lot of semi fast food places with a lot of traffic is not . there is a language barrier because most of the ladies that work in there know not a lot of english so the customer service is not bad but it 's minimal communication with them . they are reasonably priced and huge portions . i would recommend this to anyone who wants a change from del taco and taco bell .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the salsa bar here made me very happy . the food here made me very happy . i like carne asada all the ways , except at breakfast time when you have to order the ultimate hangover killer ... . machaca burrito with cheese . also the coke machine is in the dining are so you can just drown your sorrows in soft drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! if you 're looking for fast food , but something different than what 's back home , give roberto 's a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here specifically for the carne asada fries and was disappointed . not bad , but not exactly what i was hoping for . might have to try something else next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh , how i wish roberto 's would come to indianapolis ! ! their authentic mexican cuisine at great prices drew me in , and the deliciousness had me craving more by the next day . the portions are huge and definitely filling while the price is right on point . i ca n't wait to try their breakfast burrito before i leave vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in at like 4.30 am for a burrito before catching a flight . it 's right around the corner from the car rental return for the airport . and the gas in the parking lot is much cheaper than the station 1 2 mile away at the car rental return . so get a yummy burrito and fill your gas tank as well . the burrito was delicous , btw ... much better than i was expecting . ususally things i eat at 4.30am seem amazing b c i am drunk ... that 's why i 'm eating ... but this was delicious and i was 100 % sober .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this food is so amazing . i just ca n't get over it . carne asada fries are my achilles heal ! they 're expensive and the service is cold at best but damn , this food is so bomb , so be it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rhis is n't the best mexican food spot , but far from the worst . it 's open 24 hours . after a late night out in vegas , it works ! there 's a self-serve salsa bar on the side . food was fresh and i love the cheese . you ca n't go wrong with a veggie bean burrito . prices are decent too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give a -negative score i would super greasy ! ! chips and tacos literally sitting and dripping in grease yuck ! ! i specifically asked about shredded meat saying i do n't eat shredded meat then my tacos had shredded beef yuck . the sauce was horrible ! she did n't even 'offer ' to replace the order . the tables were dirty , chairs were broken . i will never go back ! ! i do not , do not , do not recommend ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "roberts is located all over las vegas . being from chicago we have lots of quick little mexican restaurants all over the city and suburbs . roberts is a little taste of home right here in vegas . i 've really only had a few things on the menu . if you like tacos or burritos and carne asada , this is your place . this location in particular i frequent , because it 's close to my house . the service is typically quick but sometimes this location can get pretty slow which is why they do n't have five stars . sometimes it gets very busy and they do n't keep it the most clean . with a lot of slobs that spill all over the place , i imagine it can get pretty hard to clean up after pigs all the time . however the quality and taste of their food is what matters most . as far as a taco shop and burrito joint , you can never go wrong with robertos !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the second time this has happened . we ordered a burrito to go and used my debit card , today i saw that once again the charge was for exactly 2.00 more than i signed for . this happened a month ago which is why i have n't gone in there but today my kid wanted a burrito . i should file a dispute over this but i want to warn you , make sure you do n't pay 10.00 for a single burrito , no extras no nothing . maybe we wont go back again ... ... i may turn this into local media as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i been going to this roberto since it opened . the quality and size keeps getting worse . it 's right by my house . i actually drive to another one further away to get better and more mexican food . new fan of donny tortas now", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yummy carne asada tacos ! ! ! ! lots of carne asada in each one and their pico de galo is excellent . the shredded beef is n't very flavorful , but the proportion of meat to cheese and lettuce is good in their tacos , and hand made hard shells are crispy but do n't fall apart like other crispy taco shells . rolled tacos are good . again , the meat does n't have much flavor , but add their green salsa and it 's no biggie . they are smothered with guacamole and cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gross . chicken tastes like toilet water . bad service too . want my 14 $ back . yuck yuck yuck yuck yuck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the cashier is pretty rude . she needs to change the attitude or she needs to go bye bye . it gets 2 stars only for the fact that the food is good ok and priced right for anyone on budget .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "maybe i just expected a little more given i have heard how amazing the food is . not so tonight . enchiladas lacked flavor , sauce on it seemed watered down . chile relleno had a off taste and was even cold in the center . chips were literally thrown on the plate out of the fryer . you could see the oil on the bottom of the plate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "uhh ... this place is just ok if that . i went there last night ( well about 1 am ) and ordered the chicken chimichanga . the chicken was way too salty i could n't even finish it..i ended up eating some of the tortilla and throwing the rest away . the beans and rice were both bland .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we arrived in vegas late friday evening . after a long drive , i was tired and wanted to sleep . my hubby brings back roberto 's cause its across from our resort -- carnitas , chicken , adobada ... i woke from a dead sleep and could n't stop saying , oh my god ! these are amazing ! next morning , just as delicious . warning -- went back 2 days later ... not as good . guess it depends on the cook who is on shift .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food portions are smaller than what i 'm used to in southern california but the food is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hang over cure . good sprite . ( for those people like me , it 's very important ) and great for just before that long drive home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cayman boyfriend was drunk waiter was rude ( julio ) told him i only wanted one chicken taco roll he was trying to charge me for 3 finally took my order after i asked to speak to manager and he still did n't allow me to", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheap and greasy food that 's perfect for your hungover drive back to la ! ! ! the service could definitely improve as the cashier looked like she wanted to spit in your face but the food was much needed and worth the drive from the strip . it 's also not too far from the airport so it was good since we were dropping a friend off . there was no wait and food came out relatively fast . definitely will go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if there were zero stars that 's what they would get ... ate there today ... crappy food ! the guacamole was disgusting and nothing but watered down green mush ... not even sure they use acual avacado 's ! ugh , do n't eat there ... save your money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is great , i love their breakfast burritos ! the only reason i gave three stars is because they want to charge $ 0.75 to put a little cilantro on it ... really ? ! ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm really enjoying my lunch here . carne asada burrito platter rocks ! nice mexican music in the background , very clean here too . beans are kinda bland but everything else is tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place awesome open 24 hours bomb mexican food . we were staying locally and wished we found it sooner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roberto 's can be found pretty much throughout lv . the food is excellent and well priced . what makes this place even more awesome is the fact that it 's open 24hrs . we need this in california . during this specific visit i ordered a chicken chimichanga which came with r & b . the portions were so huge that i could n't even finish it . more importantly the taste was really good and i tried to finish but just did not have the room . i ended up finishing the rest of the chimi r & b later and it held up well despite being in the fridge for 6 hours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in town on vacation and wanted to get some good tacos . being from st louis we dont have the variety of mexican that is available in vegas . we really liked the food at this location , carna asada tacos with guac and pice were very good and fish tacos a close second.you can get a good meal affordibly and they are open 24 hrs", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new location out front of outlet mall . it is roberto 's not the best not the work just plain `` a ok '' update this location sucks . the smell in this place is horrible , i went in today and ordered a bacon breakfast burrito ... it was ok but they charged me $ 5 for it..i thought it was a special price on tuesday ... i guess not at this location , i am ok paying $ 5 for a breakfast burrito but this thing was n't worth $ 3 . plus the smell oh my was it bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love robertos ! get off the plane and this location is closest to the rental car pick up . any time of day go get you some mexican food . chicken tacos are my favorite - juicy shredded chicken with fresh lettuce and cheese inside a deep fried taco shell . i could eat these for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from socal , i 'm a bit of a mexican food snob . taco shops are on every corner and most are really good . i have been craving good mxn food in vegas but still looking . this robertos had a good tortilla and the hot sauce was alright , but the carne was n't what i hoped . more like boiled steak that was sitting around with little flavor or seasoning . service was decent and overall just ok. may try again and get something else", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really sweet workers , but this food is not good . it 's really bland and just disgusting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my company started treating us to $ 1.00 chicken tacos on wednesdays and the roberto 's on las vegas blvd s. near the outlet mall has been amazing ! ! ! ! on a few occasions we ordered as many as 100 tacos and the team prepared them to the utmost quality and with a smile on their faces ! sometimes on the wednesday special $ 1.00 dollar tacos they have a line that goes thru the restaurant and all the way out the door ... ..and this crew never stresses or quits providing the best customer service ! ! ! if you want a great lunch for your business office with an extremely low price ... hit up roberto 's at the outlet mall ! ! ! they are the very best ! ! ! james roth ii , solar city , las vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am gon na say this robertos beats other roberto . their sauce is not watery like the rest . it 's supposed to have a nice spicy kick and flavor . other places may have spice but tastes watery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roberto 's breakfast burrito is bloody amazing . i usually get the potato bacon breakfast burrito . i ask for green sauce and limes . this burrito is ginormous and delicious . i also ask them to put pico de gallo in mine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "asked for a california burrito with adobada instead of carne asada , they said okay . check my food to see its not adobada , so i ask and then they tell me no it is . literally unwrap the whole burrito and show it to them and then they tell me , `` oh sorry no adobada and no fries , tomorrow okay . '' what the fuck dude . instead of getting what i asked for , they gave me a carne asada burrito and tried to lie to me about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a bit of a connoisseur when it comes to robertos and there are definitely some not-so-great ones around town . this one is exceptional , from their guacamole to their salsa bar . on point ! and one of the few left that do n't charge that annoying 50\u00a2 credit card fee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude lady named rosario at the register had the nerve to argue with me about what i ordered . she seemed extremely dissatisfied with her job . perhaps she should reconsider her career path and get a job working as a mortician .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tacos are gross super greasy to the extreme at first i thought it was maybe the fresh lettuce but when grabbed another one it was staining thru the paper . service was ok but they did n't fix my issue so i 'll never eat there agin an would n't recommend anyone else to i 'm mexican also an that was garbage maybe everyone should stop laughing an make the food right i would had gave it a 0 had to throw the bag out before grease got on my care it 's was staining thru the taco paper an the paper bag shits gross go somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the cashier taking orders is not friendly at all doesnt smile , has an attitude when u order or ask for anything ... .she didnt give us napkins with our order , nd when u ask for some she gives u two , i wouldnt recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is our favorite roberto 's . food here is excellent , the place is always clean and the people who work here are great . 2 complaints , that do n't amount to much - if you eat in , the music is too loud , and the bells on the door ear-splitting if someone really swings it . if you are taking food home , no worries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that was the most amazing chicken burrito ever . the pork carnitas was delicious . will definitely go there again before we leave . yummy yummy . we found it on accident and said her let 's try this place . so glad we did . made the burrito fresh in front of me . so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst robertos i 've ever went to ! the staff was sooooo rude i walked past an employee that was mopping and i said `` excuse me '' and she sighed very annoyingly and placed her hand on her hip . and then another employee told me `` that those foam cups are for water only ! '' very rudely ! because she saw it a different color and told her i squirt mio in it and she should watch her tone ! very rude ! ! ! ! ! will neeeever return there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food but the works are never rude and disrespectful to customer that are not spanish speaks . the lady that took me gave me the meaning service . if i can give negative stars this place deserve it . only go here because it the nears on to house . do n't recommend to come here . they need new management and new works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've always come here to grab a quick bean and cheese burrito on my lunch break . typically never a problem . today however , half way through my burrito and i 'm chewing on some piece of shredded plastic ? let 's get it and keep it together roberto 's . i 'd like to still come and eat here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best mexican fast food in las vegas . can feed 2 people for around $ 12 . ca n't go wrong with rolled tacos , carne asada burrito , bean and cheese burrito . come here everytime i n vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for cheap mexican food in the wee hours of the night . it 's not gourmet but it 's tasty , quick and inexpensive . their carnitas tacos , bean tostadas and churros are my favs here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aside of the cashier lady who looks like she 's smelling shit . they are fast , the price is good and the food is better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good spot to grab a quick bite either after a long night of work or after a long night of drinking . i usually get the same thing ( cali burrito and rolled tacos ) but i have tried the nachos and asada fries and both were good and plentiful . this place is n't the place for you if your looking for a nice place to go eat . it 's purely a casual spot to grab a quick bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediocre service and mediocre food . they put cheese on everything whether you ask for it or not . made me think what are they hiding `` under '' all this cheese ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "needed some food before we headed back to cali.. my babe wanted smash burger .. but the smell of bomb mexican food was captivating.. so i decided to eat @ robertos instead.. the burritos were bomb .. on a fresh giant flour tortilla ... carne asada pick de gallo and guacamole ... hmmmm .. my son ordered a a carne asada breakfast burrito .. it only had carne eggs n cheese.. n was delish . prices are more than what i 'm used to paying decent for las vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most excellent tacos , really enjoyed them . would n't want anything else at 1 am after a long day of laying poolside and boozing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i game here for a quick bite to eat before we headed for home this place had good reviews and had a steady line of customers so you would think they would have good mexicam food boy was i wrong i order a carne asada burrito no flavor what so ever and my wife had the # 2 combo which came with bean tostada , cheese enchalada beans and rice the cheese was n't even melted and no flavor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best mexican around ! food always made fresh to order . i usually get the family favorite chile colorado which is stewed simmered to delicious perfection ! comes with 2 corn or flour tortillas which are huge . next time i should just get the burrito since i can do without the beans and it 'll be rolled for me . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm ... wednesday is chicken taco day . only 99 cents ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best roberto 's taco shop.. ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food but the last 3 times they have gotten my order wrong . i guess i should have checked it before i left .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent spot . not like the taco shops in socal . price is decent . crunchy tacos are good . the california burrito lacks flavor . the hot sauce is not flavorful either and is only mildly spicey . the service is always good . the restaurant is fairly clean which is a huge plus . best part about it is that it 's open 24 7", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big mexican food water but this place is the bomb an wednesday is 99 chicken taco day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this place less than a star if possible . the cashier with facial piercings was unnecessarily rude making a remark at me not being able to choose a drink size `` there 's only two sizes '' . i felt unwelcome and would not recommend this roberto 's especially if you 're not a local .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been two days in a row . day 1 : carne asada breakfast burrito , good flavor and lots of carne , no potatoes and very little egg . turned out to be a carne and cheese burrito but was still good . day 2 : bacon breakfast burrito ; lots of potato almost no egg and cheese with a right amount of bacon . it was a good bacon and potato burrito . the tortillas are really good and the salsa is awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in after reading some reviews on here , here on vacation and felt like some good mexican good . customer service was bad and the food was not good , i got the carnitas burrito and rolled tacos . food was cold and carnitas did n't taste good . the lady at the register was rude . never coming here again even for free food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here from the airport . ordered the carnitas burrito which was okay . had salsa and gucamole also in the burrito . i should have ordered sour cream , rice , cheese , and beans to put inside which i saw on the menu later on . i like they have a salsa bar with 2 different types of salsa and lime . another plus is that they are open 24 hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ahh , roberto taco shop . and old trusty favorite . this is what i love about roberto 's , no matter what time it is , breakfast lunch or even dinner , i know that my carne asada fries are going to to be amazing and so yummy . the cure to any hangover if you have n't tried it yet will be the carne asada burrito . it 's a roberto 's standard and a cure all . happy eating at my favorite hole in the wall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and helpful staff , good prices . i 'm not from the charlotte area , but will stop in here when i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and knowledgeable staff . great flavors to choose from . very good selection of accessories for your vaporing pleasure . nice clean lounge , and they even have cold beer . count me in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all time favorite ! i 've been to several of the kure locations around the charlotte area , and the university store is by far my favorite . they are always super helpful and nice , and the speak to you as soon as you walk through the door . most other locations have employees that barely speak or ignore you all together . i 've never had this problem at the university location . you can tell that they really enjoy their jobs , and have no problems leaving their friends to help . thanks guys for always being awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a truck driver . i have been to quite a few vape shops across the country and this is by far one of my favorites . rachel was awesome and extremely helpful . i would recommend this vape shop to anyone . great customer service and good prices and bundles . five stars all day long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of equipment and accessories . the staff is very friendly and helpful . i 'll definitely come back on my next visit to charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg do n't even get me started on kure . hands down the best place to go hang out , and also receive excellent service . the associates are wonderful and greet you right as you walk in . could n't be happier with the quality service and location of their store . ca n't belive it is 2017 and it 's not the hottest spot to hang out . seriously come on people ! anyways ... you can find me at kure at least 5 days a week ordering my shamrock shake . mmmmm . best vape shop in charlotte . xooxxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "biltmore open , anyone ? when brophy xavier milfs are n't hustling me on the tennis courts at granada park , i cry myself to sleep , dream of better tennis skillz and wax nostalgic about the beauty of the rest of the park here . mike and i present a formidable tennis duo to the typical tennis novice , but we lack the shrill catty barbs and mesmerizing tennis skirt swoosh of the xavier mom . even dog walkersby ca n't help but notice the competitiveness of the courts here . re : the rest of the park ? i 'm with david on the unique and hidden appeal of granada park . it 's large enough to have your own peace and quiet and given its slight slope at the base of lincoln drive , southwest of piestewa peak , the setting offers a hilly landscape , ducks quacking in the ponds and views of the central phoenix skyline . quiet picnics are definitely in order here over other parks in the area . check it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when it 's spring in phoenix , it 's hard not to love any of our parks thanks to the envious weather . but throw in the dog-friendly aspect and a couple of lakes for duck-feeding , and it 's even better . the only downer is that they have n't kept up the grass for at least two years now ... recession perhaps ? regardless , it 's a great place to get together with friends for a picnic , just be sure to bring a big blanket to throw over that prickly grass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our annual park for megan 's birthday party ! ! it is a clean and nice park with a pond with ducks , play area for kids , benches for lovey dovey couples to sit and watch the waters , etc . parking here is a little hard , but it is a good thing that is streets are extra wide so you can park on the sides of the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lived half my life in phoenix and when i was a kid my parents always took me regularly to feed the ducks . this last time i went ( aug 2011 ) while visiting family , so my dad , daughter , and i made our traditional visit to this park . i love this park and always will . its clean , pretty , and how can you forget the ducks ! there are so many ducks , and if you bring a loaf ( or two ) of bread it is so fun and easy to feed them . some are more friendly and eat right from your hand , or lips ! ( see my photos from here ! ) if you 're looking for a fun , basically free , thing to do in the area , this is a must do . a casual date , friends , family outing , it does the trick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad park at all . the canal path is great to run along and is usually pretty open during the early mornings on weekends . as it gets nice out , it can be filled with bikers , runners and walkers alike . one downfall , the few times i 've tried to stretch on some patches of grass , i 've had some unexpected and unpleasant encounters with ants . stretch on the sidewalk please ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we frequent this park on a weekly basis , especially now we have a child . the playground is fun and greatly upgraded a few years ago . great for a nice stroll . in the trees over the lake there are a bunch of lovebirds , very cute . the views are awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a fun little park i always catch fish here . nice trails and always clean . plenty of room to hold football practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great neighborhood park . nice play area , walking trails and grass . my son caught a decent size catfish in one of the two ponds - was really humoring him , letting him fish , so that was a surprise . we threw it back . there is also a colony of wild parakeets in one of the trees and ducks in the pond . a great park if you live in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool little park with a lake ( i do n't think you can swim in there ) and a great view of squaw peak . fun little place to stop by and walk around , and if you have kiddies i think they have a playground for them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was really disappointed when i came here for a relaxing walk with my baby . although leash law signs are posted , i counted 13 dogs off leash during a 35 minute walk . the entire upper lake was off limits to me unless i wanted to be surrounded by no less than 8 large dogs running loose . i hate to be the bad guy but not everyone feels comfortable with all your dogs running wild . i worked with bite dogs and i know how common these incidents occur . my walk was ruined as i had to be in a constant state of high alert and could n't enjoy the park . please leash your dogs . there is a law for a reason . too bad . pretty park overrun by a lack of respect and consideration .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great park . the playground is great for kids and my son loves watching the ducks . it 's also very dog friendly . in fact , it loses a star from me because the city has n't made part of it into a dog park yet . in the early mornings lots of people like to let their dogs run free . there 's so much open space at the park so the dogs do n't usually interfere with regular park goers . i just wish the city would finally turn at least part of the park into a dog park so the rest of the playground stays dog poop free . granada has beautilful views of squaw peak and is always very clean . definitely one of my favortie spots to take my son .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice park for an evening or early morning walk with our dog . popular enough that we can meet other dog owners and socialize our puppy , but a large enough park that you can avoid other dogs if you so choose .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice quiet park for a morning stroll . plenty of grass to sit and read a book , let your kids play , or let your dogs poop ! walking paths , playground , pond with hungry birds , and great views . really enjoyable place . another viewer said do n't bother , it 's all rocks . really ? my pictures state otherwise . and the pond did n't smell ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a mom to a toddler it 's important to know where all of the best parks are . granada park is on the top of my list . it boasts large open fields , a lake filled with fish and ducks and a great playground . the bonus is it has amazing views in every direction . my spunky toddler enjoyed waking though the desert landscape before arriving to the playground and i love how the restrooms are close to the playground . 5 stars are not given to this park because the playground is pretty close to the lake and that scares the out of me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the park has two small lakes , it 's a large park with plenty of room to lay out and relax or play ball with the kids . saw a lot of people walking their dogs on the trail and going for jogs , great vibes overall", "score": "4"}
{"review": "granda park is great for walking your dog . my dog likes to take a drink from the duck pond . there are plaugrounds with slide & swings for kids . also some public bbq spots . a local there told me cops dress in regular clothes & will ticket you for your dog being off the leash . there are some poke stops , but it could use more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place to jog ! beautiful views and never too crowded ... just beware , some of the ducks will try chasing after you at time ! just see it as motivation to run a little faster . haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last week i met a friend and her daughter at this park and we had a great time ! it was my first time there and i plan on going back . i was happy to find restrooms with running water ( wonderful when potty training or heck anytime ! ) . large playground with sand floor . 2 lakes with ducks , swans and i think a heron and lots of other small birds ; my 2 year old had a great time feeding the ducks ! ! lots of dogs and sadly some of them do n't have the best owners who did n't clean up after them ; a dog park area would be a great addition ! nice grassy areas with several picnic tables scattered around . it has a very small parking area so that is a bit of a drawback but the nearby streets are very wide and do accommodate roadway parking . we had a great day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this nice park . i almost said little , but it is n't . this is a place for families , for pets , for relaxing , for studying . the only downside is the ducks . i love animals of all kinds , but sometimes these can be a little messy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice park . glad to have found it only 5 minutes from where we are staying . perfect place for a morning stroll with plenty of space to walk around . great for bicycle riding and dog walking too . they even have tennis courts there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can highly recoomend this restaurant on lothian road , which successfully combines the favourites from a chinese menu , and introduces people like me to traditional japanese fare . a good time to go is at tea time - about 6pm . this is the calm before the storm , and the best spot to sit if there are just two of you is right in front of the bar where they make the food . you can sit mesmerised watching them work , before they serve you delicious , warming food . washed down with asahi beer this is as good as it gets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "119 lothian road edinburgh , eh3 9an 01314669888 izzi_restaurant @ yahoo.co.uk http : www.izzi-restaurant.co.uk the best asian restaurant in town ? i think so . an asian restaurant even asians visit . reasonable priced and large portions . a feast for the taste buds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience here was mixed , i have to say . while the food was decent ( not the best sushi i 've ever had , not the worst either ) the service was really horrible . the person who served me just acted like he could not be bothered . if i were paying less , it would n't annoy me , but for the prices i expect good service . i had the vegetable tempura , which was lovely . the only fault i have with it is that there was too much of it for one person . if you like tempura , i recommend splitting one portion with a friend . the sushi was nice - it was n't outstanding , but it was okay . again , for the price , i would expect something a bit more aggressively good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "because they provide chinese and japanese food i feel that they have somehow neglected the original flavours and the raw produce lacks freshness - there is no sense of professionalism in the production of the two completely different type of food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "izzi is responsible for marital tension in my house . ok , not really , but we do disagree about the quality of sushi from izzi . he maintains that it is the best in edinburgh ; i stridently disagree . i would say that it is only good to ok. freshness flavor level : moderate . variety : hardly , especially if you do n't tempura or do crabstick . build of the roll sizing : good . so really the drawbacks are the low variety and mid-level freshness flavor combos . the quality of izzi is the really attentive staff : my green tea is always full and the food is served very promptly . i 've not tried the chinese menu , so i ca n't comment on it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to say this is my all-time favourite restaurant . been going for about 8-9 years & never had a bad meal . the food is fab , the staff are really friendly and treat you like old friends . thoroughly recommend this to0 anyone . elaine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the best place in edinburgh for japanese food . the food is great and , in my opinion , quite well priced . the service is friendly , and the place is clean and well presented . the menu has a good amount of variety , and the udon is wonderful . well worth checking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without a doubt the best japanese restaurant i have ever been to . the open plan restaurant means you can see your food being cooked , the menu is varied and everything i have tried has been out of this world . the staff are all so friendly and helpful especially if you have no idea about japanese cuisine , as i did n't my first time there ! it is more costly than your average meal out but as japanese in my opinion is far better than chinese and there are fewer restaurants that serve teppanyaki style food and authentic sushi i did n't grudge paying more than i would normally for a meal out . i only wish i was rich enough to eat there all the tiume !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed my other car to get inspected and they again got it done in short order and in less than 30 minutes . i 'm in another town , but if you live in the city of clt i 'd recommend these folks ... a little out of the way , but fast enough to get you back into the city in no time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called ahead to make sure they had my size of tires and they did by the time i got there . cheaper than the last place i went , with less of a wait and great service . i will be returning ; highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had new tires and brakes put on as well as an oil change . brad was awesome to work with . i was in and out much faster than anticipated . will definitely be going back for regular maintenance needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grunds\u00e4tzlich w\u00e4re das warawara eine bereicherung der stuttgarter gastroszene , allerdings konnte es auch nach einem zweiten besuch nicht \u00fcberzeugen . das essen war recht schmackhaft , allerdings gibt es hier bereits abz\u00fcge bei bestimmten zutaten die geschmacksverst\u00e4rker enthalten . was mir jedoch bei beiden besuchen negativ aufgefallen ist , ist die plumpe , teils besserwisserische art des inhabers die meiner meinung nach nichts im umgang mit kunden zu suchen hat . so etwas habe ich wirklich selten erlebt . rauchen direkt vor den augen der g\u00e4ste macht das ganze auch nicht besser ! der herr sollte schleunigst an seinen softskills arbeiten , einen coach konsultieren oder jemanden einstellen der mehr feingef\u00fchl im umgang mit kundschaft an den tag legt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nun ist es ja nicht unbedingt so , dass man in stuttgart und sehr weiter umgebung ohne weiteres ramen essen kann , umso angenehmer , dass ich \u00fcber dieses sehr versteckt gelegene kleine restaurant gestolpert bin . der inhaber ( ein deutscher ) weilte drei monate in japan , um die kunst der korrekten zubereitung zu erlernen . und ja , der aufenthalt hat sich durchaus gelohnt ! die \u00fcbersichtliche speisekarte bietet in erster linie 6 verschiedene suppen , die man mit typischen zutaten wie algen oder ingwer noch individualisieren kann . angerichtet werden sie genau so , wie man es erwartet . die portionen sind sehr ordentlich und durchaus richtig schmackhaft , da kommt glatt asienfeeling auf !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren 2 . mal da . 1. mal haben wir ramen & extra kimchi gegessen & 2. mal dandan & veg.. kimchi ist ok. ei ( ajitsuke tamago ) , fleisch ( chashu ) & suppe sind super . aber vielleicht essen wir gerne bisschen st\u00e4rker geschmack . irgendwie ist dandan scharf & aromatisch , aber vielleicht war bisschen zu wenig salz ? - es ist bisschen teuer hier , aber ich kann nicht richtig aufessen , ist ja bisschen viel . ( 0.5 stern weg ) - noch 2 mal dort hin , war geschlossen . ( 1 stern weg ) wir werden vielleicht jede 3 monate 1 mal hin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "suppenk\u00fcche an der stadtbahnhaltestelle rathaus . eigentlich ganz okay , mehr ein imbiss halt als restaurant . die ramen waren gut , evtl . nicht ganz authentisch japan , aber lecker gemacht . der wirt labert zu viel , meint es aber gut mit einem . ich werde da bestimmt nochmal essen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das war das mit abstand teuerste glutamatsuppe die ich je gegessen habe . da w\u00fcrde ich nicht hingehen . und f\u00fcr den schrott hab ich auch \u00fcber 10 euro bezahlt .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is a wendy 's . it is newer . the bathrooms are clean . the drinks are cold . not much to critique . oh , and it 's in belmont . seriously though , everyone was nice and friendly - a -ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love wendy 's in nc they have the carolina classic sandwich", "score": "3"}
{"review": "from the outside the place looks nice , but management is lacking here . the employees are rude and lethargic . the food was absolutely disgusting which i did n't know it was possible to mess up fast food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the renovation ! ! but the drive thru line tends to be super slow lately around lunch and dinner especially , so be prepared for a serious wait unless you go inside . maybe they 'll make some new hires soon to speed things along", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would give 0 stars if i could but i 'm forced to leave one in order to write a review . this place is horrible ! for the past couple nights for like a month i been coming here since i work near by . they kill the wendy 's experience completely at night . never been here in the day time but other wendy 's make you feel better than this and the fries taste like they are cooked in fat and not grease like taste so bad i had to turn back around and return it after letting them get away twice . please fix this because we wait in line like it 's only 3 ppl working in there and i 've pulled off about 5 times in 1 month . that 's bad , avoid at all cost because this ai n't fast food it 's sad . never coming here again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't know what 's going on , but i 've been sitting in the drive thru over 20 mins ! ! ! ! ridiculous", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to this location maybe 10 times in the past few years and every time i go through the drive through the order is wrong . no fries , no salad dressing with salad , no fork , and the last straw was at the bottom of my chili bowl it was about a 6in piece of paper . avoid ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i was n't going to write a review but i feel like you need to know . there 's a gentleman who works the drive-through seems like a younger guy with dark hair . he never smiles he 's completely unprofessional never says thank you and literally looks to me like he wants to kill me . every time i come there lately the food and service have been horrible . i tried to give someone a call today after my salad was completely wilted and the lettuce felt like somebody poured water all over , no one answered . i would 've liked to have spoken to someone individually but considering i 've tried to call numerous times ... .i 'm also in the food and hospitality business . i 'm letting you know now if this keeps going the way its going you 're going to lose a lot of business ! $ 10 down the drain , and i 'm on my `` lunch break `` and do n't have time to go somewhere else . i guess i 'll just drive 10 minutes out of the way for something else next time . # stillhungry", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst wendy 's i have ever been to in my travels all over the usa . normally wendy 's is at the top of my fast food list . this particular location is horrible . avoid ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all i wanted was a quick burger to take out , and i never got to even order . sunday night at 7 pm should n't be peak dining time , but the drive thru line was 10 cars long . so in to the lobby i went , and waited in line inside rather than out . i waited , and waited , then waited a little more . after 5 minutes without getting closer to the register , i gave up . that was enough for me . in the end , i probably added a year to my life skipping my order anyway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the baconator . service is top notch and quick . fry recipe is n't my favorite but a lot of people like it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "na ja . beim letzten mal hatte ich mir vorgenommen , dort nicht mehr essen zu gehen . seit heute wei\u00df ich wieder warum . die qualit\u00e4t der speisen l\u00e4sst zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig . buffet war eiskalt , es wurde fast nichts nachgelegt bzw . ausgetauscht . pommes , die beim chinesen eigentlich nichts zu suchen haben , blieben den ganzen abend \u00fcber unber\u00fchrt . stelle man sich mal jemanden vor , der gerne welche gegessen h\u00e4tte ... die speisen zum frisch braten waren ok , an fisch & co habe ich mich aber nicht ran getraut , da es schon zu sehr nach fisch roch . der meiste nachtisch war schon weg . apfelkuchen etc . haben auch nichts beim chinesen zu suchen . in sachen eis kann ich nur sagen , dass es auch da bessere hersteller gibt . teller habe ich mir auch n\u00e4her ansehen m\u00fcssen , da einige doch sehr verschmutzt waren . den stern , den ich hier dennoch vergebe , kommt aus reinem mitleid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ich schrieb bereits eine kritik hierzu ( bitte weiter unten nachlesen in der listung ) . allerdings muss ich diese kritik dringend revidieren . selten habe ich es erlebt , dass ein lokal binnen weniger wochen ( ! ) so rapide an qualit\u00e4t verliert , wie das `` f\u00fcnf sterne '' in b\u00f6blingen . wir waren sehr oft dort , waren immer zufrieden und das eindeutigste zeichen : es war immer , egal an welchem tag wir dort waren , richtig voll . diesmal sa\u00dfen au\u00dfer uns in diesem gigantisch-gro\u00dfen lokal nur 10 andere personen ! das essen ist schlechter gew\u00fcrzt , lauwarm und dass es nun auch pommes im buffett gibt zeigt die verzweiflung der k\u00fccher vermutlich . schade !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "essen ist okay und wer bahnhofshallenatmosph\u00e4re mag , der f\u00fchlt sich hier wohl", "score": "3"}
{"review": "allgemein also ich war zwar schon \u00f6fter dort aber seit dem letzten mal besuche ich dieses lokal nicht mehr ! ich finde einfach das die qualit\u00e4t der speisen sehr nach gelassen hat ! die frischetheke ist mittags logischerweise zwar kleiner als abends aber durch die masse der menschen die mittags dort essen geht ist die zubereitung durch den koch einfach nicht mehr so wie es sein sollte ! finde es sehr schade ! auch bei den bereits fertig zubereiteten gerichten am buffet schwimmt und trifft alles nur so im fett ! vielleicht liegts auch am koch , keine ahnung , aber mein geschmack ist es nicht mehr bedienung ziemlich genervte und dauergestresste bedienung , man kam sich vor als ob man ganz schnell den tisch wieder frei machen muss das essen leider sehr fettig und pommes haben meiner meinung nach bei einem asiaessen am buffet auch nix zu suchen , wenn ich pommes m\u00f6chte gehe ich zu mc donalds das ambiente die einrichtung ist sehr nett , tische und alles andere auch sehr gepflegt", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren heute erstes mal 4 erwachsene und 2 kinder , alles war f\u00fcr uns neu , der ganze ablauf ( reserviert hat unsere schwager , schw\u00e4gerin \u00fcber internet hat auch geklappt ) , eine nette bedienung hat uns in empfang genomen nach unsere anfrage hat uns alles erkl\u00e4rt - wir haben pauschal 14,90 euro pro person , kinder 7,50euro und wir d\u00fcrften alles von b\u00fcffet probieren , essen ( alles war sehr frisch lecker , zubereitet ) , wir haben sehr genossen , wieder bestellt bei dem koch und wider gegessen ! ! ! ! au\u00dferdem sehr freundliche und netter personal von hektik ( waren alle tische belegt ) war nichts zur sp\u00fcren ! ! ! wir waren sehr nett und positiv \u00fcberrascht .wer m\u00f6chte einen sch\u00f6nen gem\u00fctlichen abend verbringen mit kinder , familie , bekanten in b\u00f6blingen ist dieses restaurant asia 5 sterne nur zur empfehlen einfach perfekt ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! wir freuen uns auf n\u00e4chstes mal .au\u00dferdem war die musik auch sehr angenehm ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "systemgastronomie , aber leckeres essen . es gibt ein gro\u00dfes buffet u.a . mit sushi , salat , und warmen asiatischen gerichten . zusaetzlich kann man rohzutaten mit einer so\u00dfe zusammenstellen und kochen lassen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das b\u00fcffet war etwas lieblos aufgebaut , es war relativ wenig los , dh . es wurde auch nicht immer gleich aufgef\u00fcllt , die meisten warmen vorspeisen waren eher kalt , das sushi angetrocknet , der service langsam , f\u00fcr getr\u00e4nke musste man immer 2x nachfragen . die warmen hauptgerichte waren gut gekocht , schmackhaft , aber auch da eher lieblos auf den teller geklatscht . der preis f\u00fcr das b\u00fcffet ist sehr g\u00fcnstig , a ber wir werden trotzdem nicht wieder hingehen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "perfekt ! alles super frisch zubereitet und lecker . der snack beim einkaufsbummel der zum kleinen preis satt macht .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buffet f\u00fcr ca . 14\u20ac . wer sich durch die asiatische k\u00fcche durchprobieren m\u00f6chte , ist hier richtig . sushi zur vorspei\u00dfe , suppen , einige fertige gerichte am buffet . und wem das nicht gen\u00fcgt , der kann sich sein essen selber im rohzustand zusammenstellen . etliche fleisch- und fischsorten , sowie gem\u00fcsearten und viele sau\u00dfen stehen zur auswahl . selbst zubereiteten teller dann einfach zum koch stellen der kocht das essen dann frisch und die bedienung bringt es an den tisch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leider nicht so lecker oder frisch wie bisher berichtet . habe gebratenes tofu mit gem\u00fcse bestellt , es kam in einer ekligen so\u00dfe und tofu schmeckte wie mit sp\u00fclmittel parf\u00fcmiert . ich hab davon nichts essen k\u00f6nnen . die fr\u00fchlingsrollen waren okay . peking suppe auch . gebratene ente aber wenig genie\u00dfbar , weil ungew\u00fcrzt und wie putzlappen . mir wieder !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "die b\u00f6blinger filiale der aktuell f\u00fcnf restaurants umfassenden kette ist nicht ganz leicht zu finden : sie befindet sich im ersten stock eines etwas in die jahre gekommenen einkaufszentrums , gleich gegen\u00fcber der mercaden . das wlan-passwort ist kein problem f\u00fcr den freundlichen und aufmerksamen service . das angebot umfasst eine karte , aber auch ein buffet und einen `` mongolischen grill '' . die fertigen speisen haben eine solide qualit\u00e4t . mein fischgang vom offenen grill ist sehr gut , aber die thai-red-curry-sauce hat nicht ganz die sch\u00e4rfe , die die karte verspricht . der fleischgang mit lamm , rind und fischsauce ist gut . das sushi ist in ordnung , reicht aber nicht an die exzellente qualit\u00e4t der d\u00fcsseldorfer filiale heran . fazit : solides ayce-buffet kategorie : moderat ambiente : drei sterne service : f\u00fcnf sterne qualit\u00e4t der speisen : vier sterne preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis : vier sterne", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buffet essen aber auch aus der karte . \u00e4hnlich wie der sonnenk\u00f6nig im domo sindelfingen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all u can eat : 7,90\u20ac ( mittags ) fairer preis ! ambiente : durchschnittlich chinesisches ambiente . lage des restaurants ist mit kaufcentrum allerdings nicht gut . essen : beim all u can eat findet man im sushi selten fisch . man kann sich frische speisen im wok zubereiten lassen . top ! das warme buffet ist durchschnitt . geschmacklich ebenso . bedienung : freundlich und dezent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "als das restaurant neu er\u00f6ffnete war ich bestimmt 15-20 zu gast . nach nur wenigen monaten verschlechterte sich die qaulit\u00e4t der speisen ( buffet ) eklatant . -verkochtes essen -schlecht gew\u00fcrzt -lauwarm bis kalt -buffet wird schlecht aufgef\u00fcllt , teils gar nicht -bedienungen unaufmerksam und gleichg\u00fcltig ist mittlerweile mehr eine futterstation geworden als ein restaurant . all yo can eat - egal wie es schmeckt . g\u00e4ste : t\u00fcrmen sich tels die teller voll als w\u00e4re es nachkriegszeit lokal fast immer voll , deshalb wird hier auch nichts mehr verbessert . jeder china imbiss hat schmackhafteres essen zu bieten . wie gesagt , die ersten monate war das lokal gut gewesen !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr leff is great , he really knows how to diagnose and treat the problem while still being very socialable and easy to talk to . i went in after having my gall bladder removed and still experience horrible digestive issues . after a year and a half , all my organs are back to normal and i 'm eating the foods i love ! healing may take some time , but have faith , he will get you to where you want to be with your health . i highly recommend seeing him , no matter what your health concerns may be . it seems like every time i come in with a non-digestive related health issue , he has an explanation and solution ! for instance , he just gave me some techniques to help with jet lag for my trip overseas . who knew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly one of the best ... ... other chiropractors offer open bullpen style service with shoddy contract type services . not dr. leff ... ..from the moment i walked in ( in 2007 ) i felt like family . i am originally from scottsdale and moved to so cal in 2008 but i still make sure that i visit dr. leff every month when i travel to az . dr. leff offers real relief . not just a two day fix . he listens and follows up with your concerns . if chiropractic is n't the right solution , he offers acupuncture and herbal treatments ... ..with no pressure . after i experienced back pain , another doctor ( scottsdale based , doc in the box type ) told me i had a kidney infection . dr. leff was my second opinion ... ..he accurately diagnosed an l5 issue and recommended chiropractic and acupuncture . within 3 sessions , i was pain free . i was skeptical too . give dr. leff a try . he 's a true professional with no mumbo jumbo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. leff is amazing ! you can tell he truly cares and is passionate about what he does , and his knowledge of alternative medicine is very apparent . i have been to other chiropractors that are very wham bam thank you ma'am , but this experience was very different . he really analyzes your total body for the answers to what is wrong , so you do n't just have a quck fix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ... nobody better no matter what you need . dr. leff listens and comes up with the right solution ... takes the time to figure out what you need . if you are skeptical , try him once and you will be convinced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . no one should really complain about a haircut from a place that is a chain . staff is friendly , not saying that they remember who you are , but they do store your previous haircut in the computer . so do n't be surprised if they remember the number they used on the clippers . most staff are easy to talk to , but avoid the one that talks about anger management when he has a pair of scissors in his hands . they do have an app for smart phones that allows you to schedule yourself for an appointment so you do n't have to wait as long . also , i give you kudos for using 'clippers ' as your dividers between stations . although i do n't always feel like i 'm sailing when i 'm here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a good place for a cheap haircut . the service was fast and friendly . they could probably do a better job of cleaning and sanitizing the cutting equipment . the haircut was fine , however i did not ask for anything fancy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst haircut ever ... i 'm actually embarrassed to be in public . the so-called stylist apologized , yet blamed it on the notes in her computer ( i 've been here in the past , with less devastating outcomes ) . in my opinion , she should ask prior to unleashing the clippers on people . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just like the others this place is terribly hit or miss . i went twice , got a decent cut the first time from a nice and almost too cool for that kind of place woman and a horrible haircut another time . the woman who cut my hair the second time must have forged her license , she split my hair down the middle and cut everything the same length before i had a chance to say anything ; she gave me the worst , most blunt and unflattering haircut i 've ever been given . i have also seen that same haircutist ( because stylist she certainly is n't ) butcher a poor little boy with a botched crew cut , i did n't think it to be possible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just wanted to trim my split ends without the hassle of a hair appointment and spending a lot of money . i went to great clips the service was great and i only spent $ 14 plus tip . i will check in online next time but the wait was reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only come here when i have those moments when i think i need a haircut right then and there . i do n't know why i have tortured myself and returned . 3 times i 've been there . 3 times i 've asked for short in back , long in front with a severe angle . 3 times i walked out with a plain jane bob . the employees try to make small talk but just end up talking to each other about how much they hate working there . at the end of the day you get what you pay for- a cheap generic haircut .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's your standard chain hair salon . the staff is always nice and talkative , sometimes too talkative -- is there a way to make a note in the computer as to if you like to be talked to or not ? ; - ) reasonable rates . they offer discounts coupons frequently . i do love the online check-in via the app . makes it so much easier to check in and decrease the wait time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son is 3 and hates a scissor near his head . we went to hair clips by homewood and my son was treated with patience and love . heather was understanding , sweet and did a great job cutting son 's hair . he sat on my lap and huggged me for the back of head cut and then turned around for the front and side . we loved this place and for 10 bucks it 's perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an ok haircut for an ok price . you get what you pay for at this place . defiantly hit or miss as far as haircut quality . staff was not very pleasant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually avoid chain haircut places like the plague ; shockingly , they have given me a pretty darn good haircut two times in a row ! i know i 'm bound to eventually get a hairdresser who gives me a `` just okay '' haircut but for right now i 'm going to be a repeat customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i keep going back because they 're at a convenient location for me . the quality can be hit or miss at times , but they do well enough for the price . and high price is n't always a guarantee of quality . the worst hair cut i 've gotten in recent memory was at dean of shadyside salon with one of their mid level stylists ; she did good the first time i went there , but the second time was awful . i needed it fixed in a hurry for an upcoming trip so i went to great clips and was happy with the result .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a very pleasant experience here . i was heading home for the weekend and decided i wanted to get a quick cut before i left . i checked in online , but ended up not really needing to , since there was no one else there . they had notes from the great clips i had gone to back in michigan , so they already knew what i wanted . the stylist was very friendly and did the typical haircut chit-chat . it was very quick and efficient . i had a very simple cut ( just clipper work ) and i was in and out in maybe five minutes tops . they gave me a coupon for my next visit . i will definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was surprised at how good this place was ! very yummy . atmosphere is nice . they 're very slow service wise though and should have way more options ( whole wheat pitas , more veggies , etc ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid menu choices . great customer service . sapna cafe is a breath of fresh air along grand avenue . robert m and i drove past this place after arrive home from a vacation in san francisco . having dined out daily there , we were in no mood to cook but a bit apprehensive about eating somewhere that would disappoint . sapna came to the rescue . we split the croque monsieur panini and a tomato salad . the panini was fabulous ; the salad a little too bitter for robert 's tastes but otherwise good . they do n't refrain from their use of garlic in the latter , so it 's best to share this on a date . apparently , this space can be rented out which would make a great party spot . plus , they 're working on getting a liquor license .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the brie and carmelized onion quesadilla and my husband had the calcutta egg roll . ca n't wait to try everything on the menu . ana was our server for our early saturday morning bruch . when i first saw the small space and fold out chairs , i worried i had made a wrong choice , but when the food arrived we were blown away . never would have expected such depth in flavor . ana took the time to come out and answer questions about ingredients used and even went back to the kitchen to bring us the jar of an ingredient we 'd never heard of . great place , amazing food . i only wish i could have a calcutta egg roll everyday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my quest to find a palatte replacement , i ate at sapna . amazing . well crafted tasty food in non-american portions . the eggs with the tomato sauce -- the eggs were farm fresh and i could taste the carmelized onions . and the pint of gazpacho brought me back to seville . i did think about spiking with some good vodka for a sublime bloody mary . fantastic tea , great coffee , charming service , bright beautiful location . please stay open -- i 'll pay for business education classes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sapna cafe is one of those places i would have missed had it not been for the urban spoon app on my iphone . i love to try new places and this place is certainly worth trying . the staff is very friendly and the food is very fresh and tasty . i had one of the daily specials . it was sort of like a breakfast burrito with eggs and other goodies in a tortilla with a side salad made of fresh greens . i also had the ginger lemonade and even fresh strawberries and creme . i wish them well , i will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . the food is always delicious and well prepared . my favorite dish at the moment is the tofu scramble with veggies , it never disappoints me . the space is clean , airy and bright . the staff is friendly and attentive . i took my ( picky ) sister here for lunch when she visited from out of town and she made us go back for brunch on the way to the airport !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best thing about this place is the price , everything is really reasonably priced and the food is decent . three stars for the extremely slow service . when i went , there only one other table in the place and it took our party of three over thirty minutes to get our food ! overall : decent food , good price , slow service . do n't go if you are on any sort of time constraints", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the cutest place with great healthy food options . i love the decor and shape of the space , triangular , light and airy . i had an eggplant and onion panini and some ginger lemonade . totally fantastic . great little spot for a light brunch after mass . looking forward to visiting again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is just average . i wanted a hearty breakfast this morning , so i invited my friend seene to join me . i ordered scrambled eggs with vegetables and a cup of coffee and my friend ordered a sandwich with salad . all of it was competently made but nothing jumped out as being hearty and good quality . my toast were this two sad little biscuits . : ( i really wanted to like this place , but there just does n't seem to be enough special about the place to give it four stars . on the other hand , the positive side is they have vegan options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute decor but uncomfortable seats with odd table heights and slouching chairs . the menu selection was neat and small , which is refreshing . prices were good and the fresh portions were a perfect size . they have very well blended perfect pairings of exotic foods . i was going to get the indian soup special until the waitress announced that it was n't spicy , as a sales pitch . some of us love spicy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place ca n't be beat in the downtown area in terms of creative , yummy food , relaxed atmosphere , and fair prices . i 've sampled about half of the menu , and while the red curried noodles and veggies was n't really spicy enough for me , i 've otherwise thoroughly enjoyed everything ! the gypsy stew is probably what comfort food tastes like in heaven .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place makes me happy . as a native san franciscan , sapna reminds me of the cute neighborhood cafes with amazing food and great prices . i had a delightful brie + pear combination panini , which was served with a salad lightly dressed in vinaigrette ; to drink i had a ginger lemonade which tickled the tongue . plus ... the colors of the building are incredible . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little space in a mostly anonymous part of downtown that is often neglected . nice people serving up quality , healthy , mostly organic food . vegan-friendly , but with a little something for us meat-eaters too . small menu , quick and easy . interesting desserts and juice teas and great lunch specials . i like the chicken sandwich , but i 'd pass on their quesadillas since for the price you pay , it 's sort of a meager meal . you get more bang for your buck with the other items on the menu . a great addition to grand ave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a kid friendly chill out cafe with lots of the same food that anna offered at the downtown market . we 're so glad to have this restaurant in downtown with great choices for breakfast , lunch , or an early dinner . my son 's favorite is the gypsy stew , a wonderful blend of fresh vegetables , squash , and garbanzo beans . the panini sandwiches and quesadillas are also a big hit . we 're looking forward to trying one her new breakfast menu items on our next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really nice , unique neighborhood place - the decor reminded me of south beach a little . the menu is nice , although the pricing is a little odd . the $ 5 goat cheese and red pepper marmalade quesadilla was delicious but tiny . meanwhile , we got a bigpiece of pound cake for dessert that was just $ 2.50 . and my ginger lemonade was $ 3 . i 'd say both food items should have been about $ 4 , and the drink $ 2 . the paninis are priced right - $ 7 for a nice sandwich with a small side salad of mixed greens . all-in-all , the food gets a solid 4 stars . the service , however , is their weak point . it took 10 minutes for our server to come over to take drink orders and another 10 minutes for her to come back to take food orders ... not a place to get in and out of quickly . sapna is a great addition to this grand ave. area - now they just need to hone their service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing . they have vegan , vegetarian , options , which is so refreshing ! i have eaten there three times and it has been great every time . the prices are great too - $ 7 and under !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gazpacho soup in town . ( in a cup with a straw , yes ! ! ! ) many of my friends have told me to dine at sapna . each time i have has been more than enjoyable ( vegan options ! esp . breakfast ! ) great staff and intimate atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple times and liked the place and the menu . but recently sapna offered a groupon , of which i bought two , and soon after she closed ! i heard she was having a tough time keeping afloat and maybe this was a last minute attempt to bring in traffic , but what the heck ! it was valid from nov 21 till may 21 and i have n't used even one . this is just pure ... nonsense !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is delicious . service sucks . trendy atmosphere . a little pricey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my mom and i tried this place today . we are both avid cooks - and picky but appreciative eaters as a result . i 've got to say , we were both pleasantly surprised by the special : moroccan lentil soup served with bread and salad . the flavors were fantastic ! and the soup was hearty . there are options for vegans , vegetarians and meat eaters here . the food is spanish and moroccan inspired . the ingredients are incredibly fresh . the service is friendly . and the prices are affordable . all in all a good experience . as other reviewers have noted , the pace is slow . this is not the place to go if you are in a hurry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simple decor but sophisticated cuisine and healthful ingredients make this place a pleasure . low prices do n't hurt either . there is fenced parking across the street . this is a byob place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this charming little cafe made my day- the atmosphere is charming , clean , bright and warm ... .and the wait staff and cook were friendly and welcoming ... . but the food ? the food was the best part . eclectic , delicious and reasonably priced . i got an eggplant panini -- called espaniclata or something- which came with a side salad . the quesadilla i split with my coworker was surprising and sweet- good for a snack or dessert . i was n't a big fan of the chai ( i stole a sip from a friend ) -- -it was indian , just not what i am used to- not as sweet anyways , i went on friday for lunch , and liked it so much i had to go back sunday . again , fantastic . i think i found a new love .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've deeply enjoyed anna 's stall at the downtown farmers ' market and am delighted to [ belatedly ] learn she finally opened her cafe . we went yesterday and had specials - a libation of gazpacho with beet instead of tomato as a base [ surprisingly delicious and thirst quenching ] - her filling take on a spanish omelette and a pasta dish garnished with carmelized onion , bleu cheese and crushed walnut - again suprisingly delicious . a word traveler who has mashed diverse sampled cuisines with a taste for what 's good - phoenix is a richer place for her sojourn here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only place i know of in phoenix where you can get a fresh vegan breakfast , with new specials each week . i love the tofu scramble , sometimes they have a tofu and veggie breakfast burro which is absolutely to die for . the owner and staff are always very friendly and have always been happy to accommodate any special requests i 've made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the facility is fantastic . the staff are very sensitive to difficult situations . we had to have a dog put down and dr. kaylor really helped us through it . you can tell that these people love animals and love their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if a very cranky dog patient has any say , my old boston bulldogge gives indian trail animal hospital two paws up ! his fave -- and the only vet he 'll allow near him when he 's sick -- is dr. katie wolfe . dr. wolfe ( very fitting name , btw ) gets down to my dog 's level and takes time to get acquainted and my reagan loves her genuine spirit . no muzzle needed for him when he 's in her care . dogs know a person 's spirit ; do n't let anyone tell you otherwise . but back to the care . the itah deserves every star they 've earned from the welcoming staff , whom you can always expect their time and attention , to the vet techs whom i love and you know about dr. wolfe . if you truly value your 'pet ' as family , nothing but the best 'll do . and you 'll get it at indian trail animal hospital . i do n't trust anyone else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if yelp had 3.5 stars , i would give that rating . we started taking our dog ( aka `` my baby '' ) to this vet a few months ago after finally giving up on the vets at the local petsmart . we exclusively see dr. wolfe , as she came recommended from a neighbor . dr. wolfe seems to know what she 's doing . after leaving a petsmart vet who told us , `` that 's normal '' , dr. wolfe immediately diagnosed a bacterial infection in my dog and prescribed a medication that cleared his issue in 3 short days . only 3.5 stars because this place smells like cat urine ! i do not like that smell and it makes me think they do not sanitize in between appointments , which admittedly might be an unreasonable expectation . also , on my visits there has been dog hair spread about the exam room . again , a cleanliness issue , which is important to me . friendly staff and convenient hours . prices seem consistent with other local vets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love indian trail animal hospital ! they take such good care of my standard poodle solomon . all of staff are so friendly and caring ... i also love the candles they keep in stock - awesome ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. wolf is okay , but i have experienced bad service and issues with testing and follow ups . i want the best for my girls and was not getting it there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they seem to have a lot of positive ratings , but i did n't have the same experience . i scheduled an appointment to have my yukon windshield replaced , which is a very common windshield , and they did n't show up . i had to call them . they claimed their stock had defects and they ordered a new one and apologized and asked to reschedule . when no one showed up the second time , i called and asked for an eta and was told that they would n't be by until the afternoon and argued that it may not be in the second estimated window for the appointment time they provided , but it was still on the same day , so they did n't see why i should n't still go ahead with it . i have a busy schedule and already moved meetings twice to accommodate their time , .. i was n't about to do it a third time when my confidence was already low about their commitment to show up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty easy to schedule and the guy that came out did a great job . i thought he did some high quality work . i called them for the $ 50 gift card . i had the understanding i would have this 2 weeks after the install and it was closer to 3 weeks . just keep that in mind . overall , i 'd use this company again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called my insurance agent ( farmers ) to get windshield replaced , and they wanted to have one of their contractors come do the work . i asked them if i could choose who replaced my windshield and they said that they are required by law to let the customer choose , so i chose integrity auto glass . they were very professional on phone , set up an appointment , came to my work , did a great job , and a week later i received an $ 80.00 american express card . i was slightly skeptical at first , but now i would highly recommend integrity auto glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "making the ppt was simple . mike showed up on time and was super friendly . it was obvious he has a great deal of experience and is highly skilled as the windshield was replaced in minutes . if it was possible to award more stars , i would !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend integrity auto glass to anyone who needs auto glass service because of their outstanding customer service . they worked efficiently with my insurance company to ensure my claim was completed correctly . the customer service representative that i worked with was very knowledgeable and friendly . when the time came for my windshield to be replaced , the technician arrived on time and completed the work in a timely manner . overall , i could not be more satisfied with my experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service and very friendly technician . fast , professional and thorough . makes me want to have a broken windshield soon . i highly recommend this service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the installer called me . he was prompt . very courteous and knowledgeable . he replaced the windshield in my wife 's honda civic hybrid without any problems . i will contact integrity again if i need new auto glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my windshield replaced a few weeks ago . it was very easy to set up an appointment and they helped me with the claim through my insurance . they were able to schedule replacement quickly and on a saturday of a holiday weekend ! the installer was professional and efficient . it was so convenient to have someone come to our home . i will definitely keep them in mind if i need another windshield replacement or repair . i would be happy to recommend them to family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used through insurance company . they damaged my vehicle and gave me the run around . spoke to doug and he is the manager . very rude . bad customer service and he plays games . however they did fix the problem . i wonder if this would have happened without my insurance company riding on them though . the lead technicians name is eddie and he maintained a good relationship with me throughout the process . i recommend this technician . if i did n't have to deal with this doug character i would feel much better . i recognize there may be unseen problems with service , however this doug guy acted like i was trying to steal something and was totally rude to my sweet wife and got her angry . doug , thank eddie and his helper for the 3 star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i called integrity auto glass right after my windshield got hit with a large rock leaving a very large chip right in the middle of the glass . the girl who took my phone call contacted my insurance company and made all the arrangements for me to get my windshield completely replaced . they came out 2 days later and did the work in my driveway . the installer was on time , very professional , and finished the job in less time than was quoted . we are very satisfied and will use them again when the need arises . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service , from start to finish ! i 've used integrity several times , and i can always count on their outstanding customer service , and highly skilled installers . they make the process so easy ! i will continue to use integrity , for all my glass needs . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was home trying to control the cravings of my new addiction but withdrawals where to strong and i finally gave in to temptation , unplugged my vcr , stopped at the nearest pawn shop , got some cash and headed to the most shadiest part of downtown , i asked for a double dose , checked my surroundings took the money out and finalized the deal went back to my car and in no time it was all running through my veins giving me that satisfying feeling and comfort you can only get from the best frozen custard in town ! the problem is that you can never have enough and could turn into a never ending cycle . when i got back home i unplugged the toaster ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the malt creme custard was amazing and the m & m custard was good but i was not expecting it to just to be vanilla custard with m & m 's mixed in . service brought this visit down to two stars . the two young girls working would not let me have the custard in a cup because my buy one get one free coupon said two cones . i offered to pay extra for the cup and i was told i could have my cone upside down in a cup . so you are telling me i can have a cone on top of the custard in a cup but i ca n't have my custard without the cone in a cup ? common sense was clearly missing . the person who does the hiring should not hire young girls who lack common sense . also the menu posted is confusing because it has long list of flavors but when you get to the window you realize only 6 are available daily .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to love this place when i was a young child , but as i get older my dreams get crushed . i came here on 4 11 with my girlfriend for dessert after lunch . the man working the counter was rude when asked for suggestions to the point where i wanted to walk away . however , the custard was good as always . i 'd be willing to go back and try again , though . it 'd be nice if they took debit , but maybe cash only contributes to its old school vibe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "luv-it custard is awesome ! my favorite thing is the rootbeer whip and i always get it . i have tried some other items and they are always yummy . who needs ice cream when you can get fabulous frozen custard ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on the search for the best frozen treat in the las vegas valley my boyfriend and i stopped here because of all the positive reviews and the cool old school vibe . i am glad i thumbed through a couple reviews and learned of the cash only exception . this custard stand is sandwiched between a 7 11 and the olympic gardens in the heart of the naked city . i am glad we came in the daylight hours if you know what i mean . the frozen custard itself was very tasty . i enjoyed the limited selection of flavors of the day , often being indecisive myself . my boyfriend went with a junior sized cup of the malt custard and i had a junior cup of the western with vanilla . i would have love to order an more exciting order but the lady behind the counter did n't give me much of a chance to speak up . seeming overly excited to close the window blocking out the already 90+ degree temperatures . overall fun experience but not as delicious as lappert 's ice cream inside the california hotel and casino", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped by because of all the yelp reviews . walk-up counter . cash only . not in the greatest of neighborhoods so come during the day . i was expecting it to be a bit more custardy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ifg you can get around their odd hours and somewhat unpredictable flavor selection , the custard is really quite awesome . you should definitely check the website before going if you are picky about your flavors", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been in town forever and a day . the location is pretty random but the custard ice cream is so worth it . i would make sure you lock your car doors and keep your eyes open as it can get pretty scary down here when it gets dark . my wife grew up coming here and was always asking to stop by . tonight we did and i was pleasantly surprised . we were rather early and there was already a line down the side of the building . large selection and great flavor . i had the banana split and the wife had the swiss crunch with banana . we will be back next weekend if i am lucky ! ! ! remember it is a cash only spot . only `` negative '' is that they do not have all the flavors listed on the big sign . they only have a selection of 5 on any given day . so plan accordingly . they list their weekly flavors on their facebook page .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up going to this custard place as a kid . this will be my last time coming here . this place carries fond memories for me . however , every time i go here nowadays i get shitty service from some disgruntled employee . i was also very disappointed that they only have normal flavor custards on valentine 's day which also happens to be the weekend day before presidents ' day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the custard is usually awesome- like the most awesome , like a long standing family tradition , but- what is going on with their service lately ? the last three times i 've been it has been terrible . not to mention that i got one of the daily flavors and it was super hard , not the awesome custard i 'm used to . but how hard is it to be nice to people ? i mean they do n't even have a dining room and not even a bench ! so , i 'm boycotting my beloved western to say- `` give me a good experience '' form the people at the window .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok , compared to the $ 5 a scoop gelato places on the strip , this is better . if i had to score it against places i 've eaten at in so cal , then it 'd get 3 stars . it is a hole in the wall place that you ca n't even tell if it 's open or not . they only have certain flavors each day , so do n't look at the big menu hoping you can get any flavor you want . just hope you get lucky with the flavors they serve daily . we got the banana split after trying the flavors and it was pretty good . it 's not huge or nothing to gush about , but not bad . once again , good for vegas , nothing special to those from l.a .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the `` best '' , a little pricey for my taste but deliciously worth it . it also is in a shady part of town , but there is always a lot of people , so it 's ok just be aware of your surroundings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a year of self banishment from luv-it due a change in ownership i decided to give it a shot and not hold grudges . my son ordered a mint shake and i had the trusted western . they both tasted the same as always but their new and not improved smaller container ( which is almost half the size of the old styrofoam container ) was very disappointing . especially considering that the prices have n't changed a bit . ca n't support it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do n't always eat frozen custard , but when i do , i go to luv-it . the storefront is very unassuming , and smack dab in the middle of downtown las vegas . if you blink , you 'll miss it ... well except that it is always busy when it is open , so you 'll see the line . the price is very reasonable especially compared to fast food chains like dq or baskin robbins . the quality , however , is world 's apart . this is a great spot for a quick frozen treat , or a nice post ( or pre ) dinner delight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a cup of the swiss almond last night . omg . great place , and a favorite of various hip and creative locals , as well as the more daring visitor here and there . the frozen custard has to be tried to be believed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's 99 out right now ... so what 's the cure for the heat ? get to luv-it and order a western special or a scotch jimmie treat . $ 5.75 of pure bliss ... i know , i know slightly overly dramatic but you get the point riiight ! ? ! lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thanks to yelp , we were introduced to this amazing fro-cus ( if that 's a word ) place ... and we 've been fans ever since . every time we 're in vegas , luv-it is a must for sure . i usually get the banana split , i know it sounds plain and simple , but it 's a little different here . the service is nice and custard is delivered quickly when there is n't a line . it 's basically just a hole in the wall ... literally . but it 's so good here ! it 's all the way down the strip by the stratosphere off oakey , ca n't miss it , it 's just a big ol box with an order window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a vegas native and am embarrassed to admit that the last time i ate at luv it was when it was next to mervyn 's by the meadows mall . i remember it being smooth , creamy and delicious . i was really disappointed . it seemed to lack any taste at all . if i had not added the chocolate sauce i think i would have chucked it way before i did . sad to report this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we got here before it opened like 20 minutes earlier . if i have net had frozen custard before i would have given them 4 stars but the price comparison to their competitor i the area . i would give them 3 . it so yummy . i like the waffle cone with the special flavor of the day . the western sundae was good but so small for what you get . the banana split was okay . the computer blends it into the ice cream and they give you more the same cost .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have n't been here in years but decided to go last night and years and years later this place still delivers the deliciousness . the western is a must have anytime i come here . the gf who was n't a fan of frozen custard absolutely loved her mint chocolate chip waffle cone . prices have gone up a tad since i was here last but it 's still the same great quality i have been accustomed to receiving . ps- do n't let the seedy neighborhood deter you from trying this place out . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my worst chipotle experience . all new staff it seems . they served very small portions and failed to wrap my burrito correctly . i tried to eat it the traditional way but it just fell apart . ended up eating like a bowl . if i wanted a bowl i would have bought one . this location is always hit or miss . it 's upsetting that they ca n't get it right . consistency is the key !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well . for a place that i visit at least once a week , what higher compliment can i give than spending hard earned money there ? well i could write a great review ! i used to be obsessed with barbacoa tacos , but recently for diet reasons , switched to barbacoa burrito bowl . yum . this is the closest thing i will get to fast food . and ... .they are organic and do n't use companies that practice animal cruelty . all in all , its the perfect lunch dinner place for healthy food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to like going to this chipotle , but lately it has gone downhill . there was no line when i arrived , but soon after the dinner rush showed up . i noticed people were waiting a long while and had angry expressions on their faces . another thing , they ran out of chicken . how do you run out of chicken ? they were also out of forks . really ? ? ? it would also be great if they posted the children 's menu . it was n't until i was paying that i saw the take home menus that has choices for kids . oh well , now i know for next time , but it wo n't be at this chipotle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have always like chipotle mexican food . but today was the last time i 'm going to solicit their business . i drove 5 hours straight today..i wanted a chicken salad today . in order chicken salads . i go in , they are a little busy , but damn , there are about 5 people working . they bag my food up , i can see the dressing in the counter . are they that slow-headed that they can remember how to put the dressing inside the bag ? ? ? i get home , no damn dressing ! ! ! i 'm hot ! i call the manager , she 's saying , `` i can get you free salads next time . or , `` you want to come back and pick up the dressing ? '' hell f , no ! i 'll just start going back to qdoba , better service . unjust threw them away , going to bed . on top of everything else , they wee so skimpy with the lettuce ! ! i had to ask for more lettuce . i 'm done !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is really popular and always busy , so if you are in a hurry not a good choice . service is always rushed and sometimes they make their portions on the lighter side . i love chipotle , but i like other locations better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it really depends on the day for this location . some days your burrito comes out huge , others they seem much smaller than usual . this time , they had run out of steak and had to quickly prepare it- a lot of it came out quite rare . i like rare steak , but i can see how some people may not enjoy it . also , the girl helping at the register seemed a little frazzled ; there was a cup of hot salsa that she had forgotten to put onto someone else 's tray , she put it on ours . when we told her it did n't belong to us , she picked it up , and a few seconds later put it back on our tray . she also forgot to put my burrito in a small tray , so i asked her for one.. hopefully she was new . even when the line is long , they always manage to get people through relatively quickly , which i always appreciate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when they get crowded they skimp on the protein and if they run out of the steak they barely cook it and its bloody . also they are so busy talking that they forget how to do your order ... three times i said no red salsa and each time you put it on there . three stars because its hit or miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan when it comes to chipotle . my proportions aside , this place is one of the fastest growing changes in america . i 've not had a bad experince here yet . i do n't imagine i will have a bad time here , but i 'll leave my future options open . this location is particular was pretty darn classy . here 's a trick i picked up : order a burrito bowl ( for here or to go does n't matter ) and ask for extra rice . then ask for 2 tortillas and dump the contents onto your tortilla plates . this makes it easier to mix the goodness around and you can eat the plate ! i usually roll it into a burrito when its less-than-exploding-mass is all that 's left over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! i am sans gluten most of the time and really enjoyed the bowl option they have at chipotle 's . the food was consistent with what i 've experienced at other locations ( fresh and tasty ) and the restroom ( ladies at least ) was tidy . i 'd eat here again if i were in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burrito heaven = ) i always seem to show up with my stomach rumbling and ready for it to be satisfied ... .always works lol the menu isnt so elaborate but its enough for me = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chipotle dearly . at this particular location everybody is so nice , every time i cosme in a feel like a somebody .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't know it was possible to screw up a chipotle until today . the chicken had a bunch of gristle in it , and my son 's tacos were ice cold .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the better chipotle 's i 've been too . food is always fresh and tasty : ) . my go to `` fast food '' place as i would n't call it a real restaurant . chicken burrito bowls with pinto beans and everything is so good ! so happy that this place is so close to where i live now , because my previous location did n't have a chipotle joint for over 10 miles : ( .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "standard chipotle- food is always good . however we always have issues with the staff here , i 'm not sure if it 's because they are always slammed ( line out the door everyday ) but if you ask for something they just ignore you and talk amongst each other . they also skimp on the portion sizes here majorly . the only one in my area or i 'd definitely find another location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is not mexican food or grill . they have this bs white ans brown rice . thats sone asian stuff . wheres the spanish rice ! ! also food was cold . would not recomend for mexican food", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kind of boring i wish there more qdobas in vegas", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time at this chipotle location . the team working the line is friendly and helpful . everything on the steamer was looking fresh ! thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chipotle but not this location . maybe i should start trying my chicken because it always has a burnt taste to it . this is my third time ordering double chicken and being disappointed at how horrible it tastes once i get all the way home . and she forgot my corn today . i wo n't return to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst food ever . tacos were cold , meat tough and no flavor . and all that for $ 28.00 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a very clean and nice place to get a chicken bowl with guacamole on the side , it was crowded about a 10 mins . wait in line.was greeted by the friendly staff which was really cool on this hot day in n.l.v.only one complaint is that the seating is too close .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another classic 3.5 stars . i 'm not quite a fan , but it 's better than 3 stars . food is better than average , not great , just better than average . service can take a while depending on if it 's lunch hour or not . it 's not cheap , however , it 's not expensive . i just feel like i 'd rather spend $ 10 on something better . it 's a chain , so there is really nothing of substance i can say that has n't already been said .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great inexpensive food - i especially like having vegan options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg , were to begin ... we can start with improperly making a chicken quesadilla ... attitude from staff ... and an inability to listen to a customer about not over cooking and burning a tortilla when heating up the quesadilla . this place has gone down hill big time , the last time i qas here was about 6 months ago and it was great but not anymore . not sure what happend but i 'm nevwr coming back here . i had to go back to the front and remind them about my quesdailla that was foegotten by them ... i sat and watched as the line cleared of people and they just stood around.. clearly forgot about a simple quesadilla . do not go to this place omg ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best thing about this chipotle is they 're always busy so you always get fresh meat ! the line workers move fast so the wait is n't long", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and fresh . friendly staff . wear a sweater if you 're eating there when its warm outside . they blast the air conditioning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "online order was not ready . hell , it did n't even get started til i walked in and asked for it . i asked for sour cream on the side but it was blopped in the bowl . when the cashier asked the guy who made it if the sour cream was on the side like the order asked , he simply answered , `` uh , i guess we 'll find out '' . seriously ! ? ! ? fantastic service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we walk up and there is very little fajitas veggies on the line . they hadnt even started making more until they were gone . now my husband and i both have to wait while our bowls get cold for the veggies to cook . it seems rather simple to keep the line stocked . after previous issues with this restaurant on the news , i am starting to see no point in continuing to eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had chipotle at work events and when i was going to college i would have their chips and guacamole . i was going to attend a concert with friends and we wanted something relatively fast but good . we settled for chipotle . i always find it cool to watch them make food right in front of you . i had me a big burrito . 3 meats and everything in it ! the girl at first was like are you sure ? i said , `` oh yes i am really hungry ! '' . i even had the chips and guacamole . everything was hot and fresh . tables were relatively clean as well . only downside for this location is around dinner time at least there can be a good sized line . however they do their best to make the food fast and keep it fresh ! i give it 3 stars and definitely will be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is really slow on a saturday night ... disappointed , dodge this spot around 7pm ... maybe from 7pm to 10 pm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this location . yes it does get packed and they do n't always get it right but i like the staff . they are very friendly and always eager to please . i see myself coming here for quite some time . the food is always on point too . only one inconsistency which is the guacamole , sometimes it 's a bit too salty but you can ask to sample it first , so just make up your mind then . well i 'm off to enjoy my burrito , or in this case my quesadilla : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love love chipotle ! ! we eat there all the time ! they do n't have a military discount ( which i 'm always on the lookout for ) , but they would lose so much money if they did cuz troops are always there . the menu is a little confusing if you 've never been there , but just think subway , but with mexican food . sometimes the staff is great and seem very nice and other times they seem overwhelmed by how many people are ordering or how long the line is . i wish there was another one in the area , it would help with the crowd . all in all , love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in at 10:30 only because they left the door unlocked as if they were opening early , 15 min till they open the store some old bitch lady was like we 're closed you ca n't come on we 're closed my elderly grandpa wanted to use the restroom and her rude ass said no till they open how fucking rude . bitch i ordered online and your kicking me out you could have lost a customer cause of your service but fuck that i want my chipotle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ate there thursday . second visit in 30 days . each time i ordered a chicken bowl and each time i had to remove un-chewable gristle pieces that filled up the diameter of their brown napkins . poor quality . the big hype of chipotle and good quality food is obviously over . doubtful i will return and try them again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service ! how can a store be so stingy with product that they do n't pay for ... if you 're spending 8+ dollars for a meal you want to get your money 's worth ! it 's really sad that when you ask for meat they give you literally 4 pieces but fill it up with rice and beans ! do n't get me started on the rice ... i asked for fresh rice and the lady placed the old mixed rice in the new container so i was forced to get white rice . i 've never seen people sigh when you ask for more ! wo n't be coming back here ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am so in love with this place right now . i have the lap band and so i can not eat like the normal everyday burrito eater . i get the burrito bowl and chips to use to scoop with . i love the atmosphere and the fact that everything is made fresh and you can taste the natural flavors in the food . amazing . it makes the perfect lunch or dinner ... or in my case , both ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slowest chipotle ever . i have been to 25 diff chipotles and never experienced such a slow place . there was 10 people at most in front of me and i 'm in line for 15 mins . i posted that comment in line . now i see why , the people working are not very bright . i repeated my order 3 times . training needed at this establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my co-workers and i eat at this chipotle at least once a week , most of the time twice . up until a couple weeks ago the meat serving sizes were normal in comparison to all the other chipotle 's in town but it seems as of late you do n't even get a full scoop . when i pointed this out to the employee he stated that this was corporate 's direction and if i wanted more ( or close to the normal amount ) then i need to pay for double meat . really ? i appreciate the honesty but this is ridiculous ! if you eat at this place watch them when they put the meat on , ask them why they are so skinny with the meat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very disappointed , its my first time eating at this place and charged me an extra $ 1.65 for guacamole . thats like another 2burritos from taco bell , what a ripped off and never comin back again ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "usually the best but today they closed early and i took a uber here just to get me some taco smell . rude . stay open until your scheduled time . thanks bye", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cashier shorted me 5 dollars i caught it when i got home called they pulled the drawer and found my 5 i did n't live down the street from this location so i said i would pick it up in a day or so . i came today which is maybe 2 days later . the manager said he would leave a note . when i arrived i spoke with the manger on duty which did n't know so he called the guy i spoke with who com firmed my story when he came back he said oh i 'll give it to you but you were supposed to get it that day . so i 'm guessing that they put a time frame on when you can pick up your money that there no counting ass cashiers fuck up on if i did n't come back i know they would have pocketed it no good pos .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is just food . it 's not fast food . even with a completely empty line , both times i went , i ended up waiting much longer than i should have for chips . they 're just chips .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on this particular sunday morning , service in the drive through was on point . the lady was very friendly and food was ready quick . no complaints here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here the other night with my husband when a kid at the drive thru window handed us our food and asked us for a tip for him and his co worker . wtf ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there at 7:30 a.m. to have breakfast because my sister said that the store should be opened by then , and it was not opened . i thought that maybe they are not opening in the morning , but then i saw two posters on the windows saying that they should open at 7:00 a.m. with the breakfast menus . i do not know why they did not open the store . all of my family members wasted time going to the store . thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service sucks . they are always messing up orders and are rude to customers . one of their workers was just yelling at a kid for bringing in his skateboard and told him to have consideration . so rude and unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you ca n't really screw up a starbucks . you 'll get a uniform experience almost anywhere you go , barring a bad barrista or different ambiance . this one is pretty much par for the course , though the ambiance is a tad boring . what shocks the hell out of me , is how starbuck 's can survive with their business model . if you look at the map , and see where it is , it 's basically in the middle of nowhere . there are 2 other starbuck 's withing spitting distance ( one at front and jarvis , and one at king and george ( the next block over ) ) . mind you , it 's the closest to work , so if i go to a starbuck 's , i 'll go there , because i 'm lazy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is not my usual starbucks , but i was in the neighbourhood , so i stopped in for breakfast . decent size with adequate seating and decor of a typical starbucks franchise . this location has a handful of small tables , some leather chairs , one large communal wooden table and offered a few tables and chairs outside . staff was friendly , fast and efficient like most starbucks , so i will definitely come back if i 'm in the area again . plus this location is really close to the st. lawrence market and not as busy like the one situated across from the market , so it may be worth the extra block east of jarvis if you want some peace .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear this exact location of starbucks , thank you for existing during the eight months i masqueraded as a student . it was lovely , whirlwind affair . sincerely , ex-torontonian", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a starbucks . there 's 6 of them in walking distance of this one . what more can you say ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we walked around downtown and counted the starbucks we walked by . i counted 31 . this is the one we started from near st lawrence market . very nice and had a fair bit of seating though it seemed they were always all taken . staff was very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in here wanting to try their new cascara latte . although i find this new late a little too sweet for me i like the starbucks at this location . clean , cosy , not too big it 's certainly a nice place to chill . plus it 's right closer by to st. lawrence market within steps away . it must be busy during the morning rush . washrooms are also clean with passcodes needed . young , hip starbucks baristas are friendly and you can see they take alot of care in prepping your beverage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "obviously it 's packed before halloween , so plan accordingly . i thought they actually did a fairly decent job of handling the chaos while i was in the store . the lines are long , but given the amount of people in there , duh , you 're going to have some wait time so do n't try to go the hour before the party ... my bad . overall , they do have a varied assortment of , go figure , party supplies and costumes . at less busy times , it 's easier to maneuver and you can get in and out . for $ 25 i got a serviceable santa outfit for santacon . for halloween , i got a crappy mustache that did n't stay on all that well , but they have enough props and stuff to make a decent outfit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're a middle high schooler , then this might be the place for you to go find your costume or party supplies . but i had to get out of there quickly . wow ... i know it 's getting close to halloween so all of the kiddies are looking for that costume in a bag , but this place was a mad house . things were thrown everywhere & there were so many kids bouncing around from costume to costume . all of your costume options are pictured on a wall , so you have to ask for assistance & name your number so they can fetch it from the back . they have a huge selection , but i 'd much rather order online than go through this mad house again . i got out of there pretty quickly & do n't plan on going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looking for cheap costumes or party favorites then look no further than your local neighborhood party city . nothing ostentatious or over the top just the items you need to have a great time on the cheap . i like to go here for cheap partying ideas because they have all your basics .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was jam packed today . if you wanted to try on a costume , they would radio to the back , have it pulled and you can go back to the dressing rooms . unfortunately , the quality of the costumes in general these days is incredibly cheap - super thin flimsy materials with inadequate stitching . and the prices for what you get are high . you really are almost better off making your own . in general , good selection of party supplies and lots of different themes . a bit pricey compared to target and walmart , or for that matter , the dollar store . good place for party favors and balloons .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "premi\u00e8rement c'est le plus grand sports bar que j'ai jamais \u00e9t\u00e9 , \u00e7a doit \u00eatre qool \u00e0 une game du ch en playoff.il ya des tables avec bi\u00e8re en fut ( faut faire attention ) trop de tv pas assez de deco7.5 10", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nous sommes all\u00e9 un samedi soir lorsqu'il y avait une partie du canadiens et un match de l'impact ( sur tva sport 2 ) et le restaurent ne pouvais faire jouer les deux parties en m\u00eame temps car il n'ont pas acc\u00e8s \u00e0 tva sport 2 . ( vraiment ? un resto-bar sportif ? ) le service \u00e9tait extr\u00eamement long . en effet , nous avons command\u00e9 en 1 p\u00e9riodes et \u00e0 la troisi\u00e8me nous avions toujours pas \u00e9t\u00e9 servis . le serveur ne ramassait pas la verres vides et la bouffe \u00e9tait correcte , sans plus .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "costco food with non-english speaking waitresses ... menu is in french , with the american section in broken english ( hamburgers and hot dogs ) but there are a ton of tvs with sports on them ... i would need one of the tables with the beer tap installed to make this a 3 ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went at like 11pm for a plate of nachos and afew beers ... barly any service , which was strange considering the place was close to empty .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s sympatique , nourriture tres copieuse et bonne . ambiance super surtout jour de match . attention tr\u00e8s ( trop ) bruyant pour les jeunes enfants . ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unbelievable that the staff is too lazy to accommodate a party of 8 . `` we are not going to accommodate you and i am not going to argue with you '' is something you should never hear from management at a restaurant . i am absolutely floored by the condescending attitude of the manager and apparently the owner 's son . they refused to put two tables together under the guise of a fire hazard . our group frequents east valley restaurants and usually with even larger parties . i can say for certain we will never visit this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is good but the service is horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! been here 3 x thinking it will get butter but nope ! the food takes forever ! do the owners even read this ? ? ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wish there were an option for zero stars . the service is the worst ! ! ! we waited 45 minutes before anyone took our order ! ! ! we went for happy hour and ended up missing it because we did n't `` put our order in on time '' total bull sh t ... we complained got nothing . we asked for a manager and there was n't one available ! ! ! we only go for drinks now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we live so close by , but because of the horrible review we almost did n't come . all i can assume , is somebody was a real grump and hit the place during opening week . what a pleasant surprise , the wait staff was friendly and fun , the food exceeded our expectations , best guacamole and chili relleno ( and we 've lived and traveled to many cities ) . the house margarita was really good . overall a great and needed addition to east mesa . we will be back weekly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decor ; good , atmosphere ; good , bar ; great , music selection was decent . and yet ... quesadilla with kraft singles , italian spaghetti sauce and jalape\u00f1os or some sort of concoction to make salsa , the server lacked the understanding of a veggie fajita and bordered on refusing to allow us to order them . she legit told me three times `` i 'll be back with a water for you '' and i ended up getting my second refill only after my date got up to take our cups to the bar . ended up with 2 good margaritas because the only one worth anything there was the bartender . watched the owner manager ( not sure , dude in a suit ) chug a corona behind the bar and then bus tables with the crew . it was so insane . there were a handful of tables full and a full bar with only 1 server and bar tender on staff . bad nights happen but the food was bad . drinks are good though . enjoy it for its cantina .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "some of the worst service i have ever experienced here in arizona . several tables were not bussed the whole time we were in the restaurants and guests were leaving due to there not being seated or they were told they could seat themselves ( at dirty tables ) . if they sat themselves , they sat at their table for several minutes with dirty dishes and old food sitting on their table , while the waitresses walked passed and avoided eye contact . there were three waitresses and they made up excuses as to why the tables were n't cleaned even though they could have taken dishes back instead of walking to the kitchen empty handed . two guests ended up waiting at the registers to pay because their checks never came ( after being requested ) . the food was good , but the service was extremely poor and the lack of management extremely low expectations and training was very obvious .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 and i have been here twice . it 's close by our house so we are going to keep going but we wo n't be ordering food . we 've tried the mexican and the burgers and both are subpar at best . we wo n't be ordering food again . we went yesterday and had to wait for service while the waitress finished her cigarette right outside the front door . both times the staff seemed more interested in hanging out at a table than actually helping the customers . the only exception to this is mark who is on top of it and the only one who seems to do anything . if we had any other options as close as matta 's is we would go there instead . maybe they 'll get better the longer they 're open .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a reservation for this afternoon for a big family birthday lunch , confirmed it yesterday over the phone and got there today to find a note on the door that the restaurant is closed ! as in , closed ! ! no phone call letting us know . manager came out and said they had n't known yesterday that the restaurant would be closing . we even watched an employee show up for shift and be told to go home ! sad and very poorly handled . puts the mattas restaurant name to shame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sat there for 17 minutes not one person acknowledged us . one person working and was running around like a chicken with her head cut off . this was our second visit the first was horrible had to wait 45 minutes for the wrong meal thought we would give it another try never will we be back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "junk ! terrible service . table was dirty , food was undercooked and tasted bland . waited forever for our check . just a terrible , terrible , experience . save your money and eat a meal at home tonight , do n't waste it here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst meal ever ! ! ! i 've eaten at a lot of places in my life and this hands down was awful ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is great but twice now i 've been in there and there has been a horrible sewer back up smell at the ellsworth and brown location . not their fault it 's the building . you ca n't enjoy a meal in that environment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place , food is great and service is awesome ! the only complaint are the bar stools , made of rod iron and the most uncomfortable i have ever set on , maybe a foot rail would help ! oh , also , i wish they would carry grand marnier and some other higher end items ( not as important ) !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i gave them a try . it 's close to our home and had hoped it would be great food . the food was ok. not bad , not good . the real issue was the lack of service . my wife was tired of waiting and was ready to leave when the waitress arrived . she apologized about the long wait time . it was nice of her to acknowledged that we had to wait for service . i do n't understand the delay since we were two out of the eight people in the restaurant . we had to ask about our drinks a couple times before they finally arrived . the restaurant seemed to be well staffed . i just think the staff did n't want to be bothered with work . if you go , i hope you have a better experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been fans of matta 's for years , and we had a great experience . our server , derrick , was wonderful ... very attentive and friendly and we did n't have to ask for anything . everything was very clean and the on-duty management was accessible and friendly . also , clean restrooms which i very much appreciate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went by there today because they advertised `` walk-ins welcome '' . however , i sat in the waiting area for 15 minutes + and still no one had the courtesy to speak to me or ask the time-honored `` how can i help you '' . after my attempts to flag someone down failed , i decided to leave . way too many barbers in the charlotte area to waste time on a new one : - ) i can not comment on their work as it did not get that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner of amity stylist , jerry rhodes , has been cutting and coloring my hair for 17 years . he is a barber , a stylist and a perfectionist at both ! i 've always received excellent service at amity stylist salon and its sister salon in harrisburg , studio 7 . at amity stylist , you get superior service at a great price . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good quality smoothies at a decent price . seems like a high turn over in employees though so had a wide range of quality of smoothies with them from some watery ones to others too frozen to drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "reminds me of jamba juice . the tropi-kale was good ! cups are made from a horrible styrofoam . was waiting for my plane . this was a healthy option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "booster juice near f57-61 terminal 1 is a really good deal . i did n't realize that their juice is so filling so i ordered a combo with steak panini . i thought the panini will not be a tasty choice but it turns out to be the opposite ! it 's fairly good warm panini given the limited choice in the airport . love it ! recommend tropical kale , and i saw strawberry ones and orange ones are also people 's favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh pressed juice in the airport ? ? ? vegan snacks ? ? ? after flying from newark and having possibly the worst mexican food on the planet i 'm loving the options here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a serious addiction to this place and always look forward to working at terminal 1 do i can visit . the wraps are really decent and there is a variety of choices . it 's difficult to choose a favourite . booster bakes are worth a try.. mostly here for the smoothies of course.. i will either choose 'bananas a-whey ' or 'pomegranate punch ' . limited to salads and grains.. maybe it differs from locations ? some people say it 's not worth the money to pay that much for a smoothie but i beg to differ . service for this location is relatively fast and consistent . i would have never discovered booster juice if it were n't for this location at work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to go to this paradise often when we lived in chandler , especially before the `` new '' one went up on germann gilbert . but now -- i 'm resorted to only visiting 2x a year when i go for my dentist appts near by . : ) yes , that 's right -- i love paradise 's sandwiches and sweets so much , that even after a dentist visit i 'm still picking up some sugar . the staff has always been friendly here . and this location has a nice , comfortable feel to it . there even are a few leather sink-in lounge chairs - - so it 's perfect for surfing the internet w one of their cookies and some coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "paradise is a 3 star in my book . they have the same salads and sandwiches all the time ( i occasionally note they change a bit up , but nothing new to add to the repertoire ) , so if you eat there often ( like i used to ! ) , you get bored quickly . this particular location is decent and clean and fairly quick and friendly and has n't messed up my orders before , so that 's a positive note . their nutrition online totally sucks and is always down or 'under construction ' . also , they are a bit tight with their chicken portions and if you do extra chicken to your salad for added protein , it can add up quickly . paying $ 11 for a salad to me is rediculous.. but that 's just me . if i 'm paying that much , it better have lots of ingredients and be big and of course have a heaping helping of protein ( in the form of meat ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mmmm - they have a great vegetarian sandwich that i just ca n't resist ! the bf and i went for lunch on a sunday and were happily surprised to find that they were n't busy . the guy taking lunch orders was super friendly , and did n't mind that i 'm a picky vegetarian - a big plus in itself ! always had a positive experience here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "salads are fresh ! i recommend ordering from scratch though . however , if you happen to get there at brunch , you 'll have to order a salad off their menu because the line is n't ready for personalized orders .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "limited choices of breakfast . and our orders came in cold . they seemed to run out of people to clean the tables . my friend added that they always run out of coffee . i mean , it is definitely not place to start your day but a place for emergency .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location , but wayyy overpriced ! for a paradise club sandwich , small southwestern salad , and a cookie it 's 18 bucks ! and that 's not including a drink ! three stars for that reason . other than that it 's always clean and the employees are always nice and welcoming .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this pharmacy . everyone is very nice , and the owner pharmacist , ken , is so helpful and informative about what he 's prescribing to you . it 's so different than those chain pharmacies , that treat you like cattle . if i could , i would get all of my medications here . thanks ken 's compounding pharmacy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for all you jamaican food lovers we all know how hard it is to find jerk pork these days . well i finally found a place really close to where i live . very tasty , super fresh . i have only been here once so all i have tried was the pork and the rice and peas . i will be visiting this place in the future and will add to this review and also ass pictures .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edit : made this a 5 star review . why did n't i in the first place ? proceed to original review ... some friends said this place is known for their jerk pork . finally made it over and ordered the small portion with rice and peas . when i received the box , it felt a comparable weight to a newborn baby . came back to the office and it completely filled a large plate - and it was n't 90 % rice either , there was a lot of pork . the pork was very tender and well seasoned and even a unique taste . there were a couple fatty parts , but that 's the cost of having tender meat and if that 's not your thing , but be sure to have a knife . rice and peas met the standard and was n't clumpy - so it was fresh . very solid dish and will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here with my co-workers on a weekly basis . we love the jerk chicken . very tender , and the rice is really good as well . rice comes with the chickpeas , and we usually ask to get some sauce on the rice . the chicken is full of taste . the consistency of the sauce is not always the same ... sometimes they make it a bit too spicy ( for my co-workers ) . i enjoy it spicy anyways , so for me that 's usually a bonus . definitely would recommend . on tuesdays they have the 5 $ special , which in my opinion is a very large portion . i usually get the small plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "portland jerk is amongst one of the best jerk places in b-town , it only really comes down to two places either gem 's or portland . portland 's jerk first off is not as spicy as gem 's sometimes gem 's can be overly spicy on one piece . the chicken itself is tender and almost falls off the bone and you can taste the jerk seasoning right to the bone ! their ox tail is equally as good as gem 's and they have a combo where you can get a large ox tail + jerk chicken only $ 11 ! ( compared to gem 's $ 18~ although the size of gem 's portions are definitely larger ) . portland is definitely worth a try and definitely one of the best of brampton 's jerk chicken scene .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious jerk chicken ! i came here because of the great reviews as usual and it did not disappoint ! i got a pound of jerk chicken and my brother got a large jerk chicken meal . the total was $ 20 which is a great price for the portions that you recieve here . the smell of the jerk sauce is still marinating my car and i wish it could stay there forever . the jerk chicken tasted wonderful and it was not too spicy which i prefer but just sweet enough to add a little flavor boost . i will definitely be coming back here for my jer chicken fix and try the jerk pork and oxtail next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best jerk chicken i have tried is here . try there jerk chicken with the jerk sauce and their hot sauce poured all over your chicken if you like the spice . you will never go anywhere else believe me ! there is one lady taller skinny and wears head scarf she is always smiling and pleasant to talk to . i must say though another lady who is heavier set and slow walking kind of sends off a rude attitude to a lot of the customers . one time i walked right out when i saw the line up and that one particular lady at the front because i know she would take a long time and brush off the wrong way with the care free attitude . i cant complain about the food . although sometimes i feel like i 'm being short changed on the meat when i get a large jc i expect no rice to show until i dig down for it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok try the beef soup way too much potato i rather more soup than food any way taste is standard not bad .got a mix of curry goat and oxtail rice not bad oxtail ok a lil sweet curry goat taste good way too much bone . i would try again next time jerk pork on my list . service wise it 's ok . i do n't care wat kinda day ur having smile with good service that 's how u get me to come back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very yummy , flavourful everything ! we came by to get take out , we got the jerk chicken , jerk pork , ox tail and a curry chicken roti . the meats were n't dried out , nicely marinated seasoned and the rice is super yummy ! they do not cheap out on the portions ( more rice than meat ) ! only thing - not spicy enough but then again , i have an obsession with spicy food . i would definitely recommend this place . too bad they 're so far from me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best jerk pork around . i drive out of my way to have the jerk pork dinner with rice and peas covered in ox tail gravy . the coleslaw and hot sauce are also second to none . it 's a small place with limited seating in the front . gary the owner is friendly and jokes around , having said that , the rest of the staff needs to learn from gary what customer service is about . i find them unfriendly and unappreciative of my business . with the exception of the owner , the rest of the staff could n't care less if you are in a hurry or are happy with your meal if they tried . i 'd give it 4 stars but the service takes away the higher rating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being multiple times and likes jerk chicken and the goat curry . rice is so so sweet as the beautiful girl suggested that they can severe half jerk chicken and goat curry . loved the food . keep smiling and serving the best food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the better jerk joints in brampton . i always order the jerk chicken with either the ox tail gravy or jerk sauce , both add great kick . they now include coleslaw , had n't the last two times which is great because it tastes amazing . overall the jerk chicken is tender and flavourful , my go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite is the jerk chicken , i get it every time go . however , the last three times i went there was no jerk chicken left which makes sense because it 's so good . this place is usually packed every time i go , but it 's worth the wait for the jerk chicken and jerk pork . i 've also tried their curry goat , but it was n't that good . the food also is n't that spicy if your looking for something with a bit of kick . if the jerk chicken was spicy i 'd give this restaurant 5 stars , but nonetheless it 's worth going and trying a few of their dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice jerk chicken . absolutely love it . i have tried other places for jerk but this by far is the best of the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review ca n't describe how amazing their jerk chicken is ! ! i 've been around the world , been to almost every jamacian restaurant in brampton , been to the number 1 rated spot in new york for jerk chicken but nothing compares to portland ! ! my friend tried their jerk pork & said it was the best thing he has ever had", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alright so what makes this place nice ? start off with the vibe . small caribbean joint the owner has a strong accent and is really nice . i got the small jerk pork . now usually these joints give small portions . but not portland jerk ! generous portions even for this small . also another cool option is they ask what type of gravy to put on . ox tail gravy is the way to go . overall great food , good price . ps small joint so you probably should order out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the jerk chicken with drizzle of oxtail sauce ! it was yummy ! they 're very friendly with the portion .. i only ate half and i was full ! the other half will be my breakfast for tomorrow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here 'cause it 's close to me . most of the servers are hit or miss attitude-wise , especially when it 's busy . one time it was -7 outside , they put my order in a brown paper bag . i kindly asked the lady ( who shall remain nameless ) to put it in a plastic bag instead ( like they 're supposed to ) so it 's easier to carry to avoid frostbite and even the lord above felt that ratchet piece of cut-eye that ensued ! apart from that , they 're curry goat and oxtail is mouth-watering and tasty . good portion sizes too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! especially on tuesdays when you can get jerk chicken special for only $ 5 . spend the extra dollar to get the amazing coleslaw . i find the staff to be very nice and attentive . if you get the pleasure of being served by gary , the owner , your experience may be enhanced . remember this is not a dine in restaurant . there 's a few bar stools if you need to eat on the run . i can not remember a time i did not enjoy my succulent jerk chicken , flavorful rice and peas , watering oxtail gravy.worth the drive to brampton . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to add a review about portland jerk for a while . my opinion - this is the best jamaican restaurant ( take out ) in brampton . i usually get a variety of different dishes , from oxtail to curry goat to jerk chicken and more , and i am never disappointed . food is always flavourful with the right amount of spice . the meat is tender . i wish i had pictures to show you . i would highly recommend this place to anyone in the brampton area . check it out and i hope you enjoy it . note- this is more of a take out place . they do n't have too many seats ( 2-3 ) for sit down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got take out jerk chicken and did not disappoint . perfect amount of spice and sweet , juicy and tender chicken . this place is a bang for your buck . big portions to satisfy big eaters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was craving oxtail and decided to stop by based on the reviews . it was busy but service was quick and friendly . the oxtail was good , could have been cooked a bit longer for my taste and i did n't care for the added sweet taste to the meat but it paired well with rice and coleslaw and was tasty . not sure if i would order again but i 've had their jerk chicken in the past and it was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best jerk joints in brampton . place is always relatively busy but service is always quick and friendly . decent pricing as well , especially their tuesday specials . portion size is more than enough and i always save some for later as i 'm stuffed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were out of jerk chicken twice , but i finally got my hands on them for lunch . good food and service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most tender jerk pork i 've had . finished my meal before realizing i wanted to take a picture of it . it 'll sure i 'll remember the next time i go there which will be soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been eating here for many years now and consistently buy the jerk pork with oxtail sauce . consistent and delicious every time . jerk chicken is my back up meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the one older lady there is so cheap and ignorant . she never gives good pieces , every time i go there , i always robbed . a large jerk chicken is usually $ 12.something and last time i went , she charged me $ 14.00 on the dot . absurd . attached picture for proof .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm come here on tuesdays for their $ 5 jerk chicken lunch special . the `` small '' portion they serve that day is very generous for the price . all in all great chicken portion size no matter what day you visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food good prices . not a large eat in area but good for quick lunch . amazing jerk chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the oxtail is good this is the only thing i tried here they done give you coleslaw like other places . i would go back the prices are pretty good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say that a 5 star rating does not do justice to this place . their jerk pork is the best ! ! i highly recommend their food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restuarant is a well-kept secret . the food is great -- try the vegetable medley -- and the staff is excellent . it 's almost always deserted during dinner , so it 's like having an entire restaurant to yourself . the best part . if you have an entertainment book , your meals are always 2-for-1 ( expect on holidays ) . they never punch your diner 's card , so you can use it as many times as you want . i 'm talking about a prime rib dinner for two people for less than $ 20 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good but the service is terrible ! we had a party of 7 and we were the only table in the restaurant 15 mins before we were even given menus . in fact one of our friends had to go tell them we did n't have .enus . our food took forever and came out cold . we were never given bread a d had to ask for silverware after our food was served .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just found out today that , as of next month , the restaurant will no longer exist . the hotel has been sold . the only food that will be served , according to the front desk this morning , will be a hot breakfast buffet in the mornings for their guests . i will so very much miss eating the flinstone sized prime rib that we enjoyed for at least the last decade . i 'm so bummed ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place really feeds you . everything we ordered , although on the menu looking perfectly harmless actually was beyond monstrous in size . the eggs florentine was extremely large and will probably will be mentioned at every brunch session from now on : muffins topped with 3 huge pieces of peameal bacon , topped with a ton of spinach , topped with 4 poached eggs , topped with a generous pouring of hollandaise sauce , with at least 1 pound of hash browns on the side , with a cup of baked beans . i attest that all of the above is very delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely agree , this place is a hidden treasure . in my opinion , the best restaurant for a casual breakfast & brunch in the ajax area . it is well worth the drive in from pickering . you wo n't be disappointed with the atmosphere , quality dishes and food portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the new york steak eggs benedict and the peameal bacon eggs benedict , with a small breakfast poutine to share . we quickly learned that the portions are big and maybe should not have gotten the breakfast poutine ! the steak that i asked for medium-rare was perfect . the peameal bacon were thick slices , not your usual thin sliced ones that you see at most breakfast places ! all eggs benedicts come with 4 eggs , and all of the eggs were poached perfectly ( medium and soft for me ) as requested . definitely recommend this place ! there are tons of items to try ! i 've lived in durham region for a while and i ca n't believe i 'm only try this place now . also , customer service was is excellent . all of the ladies ( who took the orders ) were very nice and friendly like a family-type restaurant should be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard \u00e0 lot about this place before i went this morning . the portion sizes were good . i love baked beans with my breakfast , so i was happy with that . the food was good and came really fast . like the food i felt rushed to order . so my first experience was ok , but i will be going back for seconds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i frankly do n't understand why i ever go anywhere else for breakfast when it 's open . everything is home-cook style , delicious , huge portions , and inexpensive . breakfast or lunch , it 's definitely one of my favourite places in durham .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous ! all day breakfast at real great value . we ordered eggs benny with hasbrowns , cheese , broccoli and potato soup and a ham and swiss on a croissant all for about $ 22 before tip . we left stuffed ! i scoped out everyone else 's meal in the dinner and it all looked great . i 'm new to area and i know that this will become a staple establishment for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i had breakfast here this morning on a recommendation from a friend , without question the best value in town and no doubt we will be back , that said the food made fresh is fantastic but it 's pretty clear what comes out of a box and i found them to be disappointing , i hope that they move away from the store bought stuff overall good place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be prepared to wait for a table during the weekends if you plan to eat here - its not a huge place and seating is limited - but indeed worth the wait , as it is one of the better ajax establishments for breakfast - probably the best actually .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was great . had breakfast for lunch . ordered the combination breakfast . good eggs , good hashbrowns . the best bit was that they didnt make me choose what meat i wanted . i was giving all the meat ; peameal , bacon , sausage , and ham .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , large portioned food for so little . been here twice and both times the food and service has been great . the waitresses are so amazing and the lineup moves very fast . well worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing value . big portions . great service . kind of hard to find without a gps . i would have breakfast here 3 days a week if i lived in ajax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for brunch to celebrate my birthday , and it was such a good decision . the place was busy for a workday ( friday ) , but there were still a few open tables so we were seated immediately . the service was incredibly fast also . we ordered and received our food probably within 10 minutes . and everything on the plate was absolutely phenomenal . i ordered the combination breakfast with sausage , bacon , peamal bacon , ham , baked beans , scrambled eggs , hashbrowns , and cranberry pancakes . the portion of food for only $ 12 was massive ! and everything was cooked to perfection . if you ever go , definitely try the cranberry pancakes as they were probably my favourite part of the meal . the waitress also commented that the cranberry pancakes were her favourite out of all the pancakes on the menu . i 'd definitely go back just to have them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a sunday afternoon . place was busy but we got a table immediately . got the combination breakfast and they give you a ton of food . we had to pack some away . service was nice , slightly on the slow side because they were so busy but nothing unbearable . overall , i am bringing stretchy pants next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our go-to place for breakfast on weekends . my husband always orders the eggs benny . he claims that they are the best around . the atmosphere is lively as its a small place and its always packed . the decor is eclectic and cozy . we love restaurants where you can bring your kids and not worry about the noise level and them disturbing other patrons . i usually get the steak sandwich . its always prepared fresh and the steak done to my specifications . portions are huge . even my kids can split a kids meal and still leave full . great wait staff make this place a keeper . the secret is out however . this place is always packed especially on a weekend for breakfast and lunch . if you do go on a weekend , prepare to wait in a line up out the door . that says a lot about how much people like this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came for sunday brunch with my husband - waited in line for about 15 min , tables rotate fairly quickly . we ordered the philly steak breakfast platter , the breakfast poutine & the philly cheesesteak accompanied by the broccoli potato cheddar soup - everything was much larger than anticipated and tasted fabulous ! the staff were impeccable - so friendly and fast ! i ca n't believe i 've lived in ajax for 12 years and have n't come here sooner ! will def return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little place went in the other day and look great didnt try the food yet but gon na try soon ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far my favourite breakfast place ! always a line up out the door so try to get here early , but even if there is a line up it 's worth the wait . service is always friendly , quick and just lovely . huge portions but also very delicious and not greasy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place makes me feel like home . big portions ! just look at my order with my girlfriend . i had to polish off the rest of her 75 % that she did n't eat . i 'm full , satisfied , and stuffed to the point where my food spews out of my nose ! sorry tmi but worth it , good food , great quality and people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good greasy spoon . large portions cooked how they like it . it is a busy small restraunt . lineup was n't long . i was informed that it could be . services was good & fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had the pleasure of coming to this crappy restaurant at least 3 times and every time it 's been nothing but garbage . i get it it 's cheap byow but you do n't have to serve nasty food . vieux duluth is bring ur own wine 100x better . anyways besides how terrible it is the service is n't great either i spoke with the owner and he gave me a extra stamp in my casa grecque passport which i laughed and left behind .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad ! numerous things improved significantly , they replaced the veggies with fresh greek salad , refreshing and tasty . souvlaki is great , and the shrimps and scampi are well seasoned and freshly prepared . hopefully they can expand their appetizer menu soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've made a yelp account for the sole purpose of writing this review . today , i had the displeasure to eat at this god-awful restaurant . a few hours after eating there , my stomach started hurting . both my girlfriend and i had upset stomachs after eating here . the food tasted bland and , like other reviewers here mentioned , they do not know how to cook a steak . i asked for medium-rare and they gave me a well-done steak instead . that is only one of the many examples i could give from my experience there . my family chose this place due to its convenient location . if you have a choice , please save your money or use it to eat elsewhere . sorry if i ca n't write anything good about this restaurant , my stomach is just killing me right now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we celebrated a new year party in this restaurant : high quality service , friendly personal , warming atmosphere and interesting show program . the best new year for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the butterfly shrimps ! i 'm a seafood lover , salmon salad is the best . the service is good , attentive waiter . yummy food . price is kinda hmm range 20-40 $ per person ( main plate + appetizer salad : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "un des restaurant pr\u00e9f\u00e8r\u00e9 . le menu n'a pas change depuis longtemps , mais la bouffe est bonne est accessible . pendant le dinne on recois unr soupe ou salade gratuit , un gateau et un yhe ou un cafe gratuit aussi", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . poor quality food and service . this is definitely last on my list for byow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely a place to avoid if you like weights , bars or anything that is not running on a treadmill . maybe more appropriate for those who prefer classes and group workouts . perhaps i would like them more if they were not littering the neighborhood two or three times a year with their flyers . they place them under every windshield wiper , hand them to every passerby . every time we find that trash all over the neighborhood for 2 weeks . very disrespectful of the community . for a better , less flashy gym at a better price and even more convenient business hours , i strongly suggest to check out the \u00e9ts ( \u00e9cole de technologie sup\u00e9rieure ) gym a few blocks west , and open to anyone , not just students .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was in montreal for a week on business , bought a week pass for this gym . very impressed ! clean facilities all around with new , clean and modern equipment . best of all , the staff were very nice to a person and made us feel welcome as visitors . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liked it a lot and would recommend it . it was huge , and thus felt a little bit empty when i was there . equipment in good shape . clean locker rooms . friendly staff if just a little formal ( well , they are french canadians after all ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "per my original review , it 's time for a quick update of illume photography ... just as i presumed , i am 100 % pleased with the pictures from our wedding weekend ... we were given a choice of getting the proofs in individual printed photo format vs. in book format . we chose book format and we now have 2 beautifully bound books full of incredible photos from the weekend . now the tough part is going to be going through them to select which ones we want in our wedding album . jason captured the special moments from our individual preparation , to our first meeting , the ceremony , and of course speeches , dancing , the hora , and so much more ... i know it must be extremely difficult to take pictures of animals but jason even managed to get some incredible shots of minnie ! i said it before and i 'll say it again : jared and i will treasure the memories of our incredible wedding day through our photos for the rest of our lives , and we 're extremely pleased with our decision to work with illume photography .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gabi ! ! i am so thrilled that you also chose illume for your wedding photos ! ! we had a few messages back and forth about out wedding plans before the big day . i need to come back and write my own review - but for the time being - if you are considering illume for any photos for any event - please take every thing gabi said in her reviews and multiply them by 2 b c she has said absolutely everything i would ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first let me say i hate getting pictures taken of me . but i love artistic photography . i was raised in a family that appreciated art and can say jason 's work is awesome . you are not hiring a wedding photographer per se , you are hiring a photo journalist , an artist to document your life . you may start with wedding picture but like us you will want more . i 'm still trying to get some of his art shots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yep . as good as it gets . jason is crazy talented and you would be a fool to look elsewhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their in house craft brews ! the ipa was inexpensive and very tasty . the food was great too . the best fried pickles i ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this may be the nicest looking ( on the inside ) hole in the wall place i have been to . we came here twice recently for sunday football with a friend who lives down this way . this place is pretty basic ... reasonably priced bar food ( wings special on sundays ) and 2-3-4 drink specials everyday . i suppose most people are regulars . they are some loud football fans ( ok , maybe just one very loud female patron who would scream and curse at the most obscure game ) . i personally was very happy with their $ 6 grilled cheese with tomato soup special . especially the soup . it was savory and creamy . i would just drink a pot of that if i could . it is a decent neighborhood spot . probably does not worth a special drive ( unless you 're down this way for cheap gas ) . and keep your drink order simple , it is a bar , not a lounge , stick with beer , or something with coke tonic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure if i just came on a bad night or if that 's just how it is . i came in solo , expected to hang out , meet people , play pool , whatever . did n't finish my beer before i met someone and we headed to another bar . i 'd be willing to give it another chance but not going solo . the bartender was nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little sportsbar with many tv 's . great selection of beers and excellent staff . music was a little too loud for me but i still loved the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , great bartenders . one of my favorite places in charlotte ! i love the staff and the food is amazing , especially the wings . blake and bruce are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local hang out ! excellent prices for beverages and good food ! pool tables and lots of tvs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great simple bar . servers have a heavy hand which is always welcomed . food is better than decent for bar food . cheap drinks , usually a good crowd . i had n't been in almost a year and they all remembered how i took my drinks . 3.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great bar if you are not full of yourself . a good local bar across the park and good folks . if you 're expecting vegas or south beach , keep driving . the food is good and the bartenders are very personable . great place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more of a bar than a grill . i went on a monday night . it had a handful of what appears to be regulars . the food was typical bar food . no complaints . nice staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i actually love this place . the food is regular bar food , the drinks are strong and fairly priced . there is something about the atmosphere i love - it 's a charming hold in the wall : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff ! ! super friendly ! ! good food ! very reasonable prices ! great place to go watch a game ! casual !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap drinks and good food . ask for bruiser just do n't look her directly in the eyes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it would be a great place to watch a game if the jukebox music was n't up so loud . there are tvs at the booths with sound so it would be awesome if i could actually hear it . too bad - wont be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i knew this would n't be great but i was a little taken back . it was close to the hotel and had good prices . i agree with a previous yelper that this is a local spot and outsiders are not very welcome . it 's very loud but it looked to have a nice pool table in the back so it 's fitting . the bartender was pretty nice since i was clearly out of place . she waited on me quickly and managed the fairly full bar like a pro . i ordered a salad , which came out quickly . it was fairly legit with chicken and blue cheese . it was heavy handed on the blue cheese , i did n't think i 'd ever say that . the iceberg lettuce was okay but it did n't hold up to the toppings . this is a $ 2 domestic draft kind of place for locals to meet up . it 's probably a great spot on a hot day for some cold drinks with friends but i 'll drive further from the hotel next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not sure so just gave 3 stars . here't the deal i was thinking of going here and after reading the reviews i am not sure . it would be ideal as i pass by it but the reviews kind of made up my mind . i looked at the menu and the prices are rather high for a dive bar who does n't pay to advertise on tv like a chili 's or tjif 's . $ 10 burgers and $ 6 basket of fries seems at the high end of things considering . the $ 2 beer sounded good and for a place like this that should be the going rate i am not sure why their food prices are not in check . very few of the reviews raved about the food either . there are other options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "across from carowinds from which we were coming , hungry and tired . nice friendly place to refresh , table-top tv to catch the olympics on , and bar food served quickly and nice and hot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! the bartender is friendly and gave me an extra lime and a cherry in my drink ... it 's the little things in life ! food is excellent and a great value , get the nachos . very yummy . i also love the music here . give it a whirl .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good drink specials food was alright for bar food . spicy fried pickles were pretty good . it was pretty slow for a friday night i thought . lots of tvs , perfect place to go watch a game . i will be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't let the newish , plain little building fool you : sam 's has been a bloor west institution for years , although the business used to be just off bloor on durie street . you can still get a good , workmanlike cut here for a fair price , and it 's still very much a one-man operation : there 's even a cute , hand-drawn `` gone fishin ' `` sign in the window when sam takes summer vacation ( so plan accordingly if you want to get a trim in august ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sam has been in the village for over 50 years . i 've been coming here for the last 15 . dependable , experienced , friendly , affordable ... .what can i say about sam 's . i 'm not looking for the day sam retires .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this barber shop is awful . i came in for a regular cut and line up and the barber ended giving me a thick line in the side of my head and making my hair line uneven . he was also quite aggressive with the way he comb and cut and was altogether a very unpleasant person . i do n't recommend getting a hair cut here ever unless you do n't mind terrible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good cuts . wo n't leave disappointed . the barber that took over is pleasant to be around and sometimes has a bird around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've used duke for many different homes . always prompt , always professional . very competitive rates . they are our one and only call for all our rentals ' carpet cleaning needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used duke family carpet cleaning several times over the years for carpet cleaning -- but just recently relied on them for restoration work when our downstairs flooded around new year 's eve . they were incredible . they responded quickly . they handled the mess with great professionalism ( and did n't mind our nosy kids asking questions ) , and they helped guide us through what we could expect over the coming days and weeks regarding our insurance claim . they even offered to help answer questions or concerns when our insurance adjuster came by to write the claim . the dukes are wonderful and treated us like family . it was beyond what we could have asked for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very easy to work with family company . very quick scheduling and low prices . removed several stains from my rental house bedroom and even helped do a quick patch at no charge . they even said they would n't charge for the room if they could n't get the stains out . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an upscale thrift store in all its glory . basically , the items here are in typically pretty good shape , hence the price inflation in comparison to places like the salvation army . the key is to shop on monday , when it 's half price day . i found an amazing pair of boots here , new like condition , typically priced for 8 dollars , bought for four dollars . i was a happy camper . the atmosphere is similar to a salvation army , fluorescent lighting , lines of clothing , separated by size . the staff is friendly , and the changing rooms are clean , a nice bonus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time in a savers . i am used to goodwill and salvation army . it was a surprisingly good experience . the selection of items they have is very good and they organize it very well . the book section looks like a small book store . all the books are organized by genre and before people mess it up some are organized by author as well ! looking around the girlfriend and i always find something to buy and take with us when we leave . the only complaint i do have is their pricing is very random on some things . old square lcd monitors going for over $ 20 when i have gotten wide screen ones at other thrift stores for $ 7 and other pricing issues on things that are not worth nearly what they ask . they redeem themselves to get that 5th star with how friendly their staff is . they make us feel welcomed when we are there and they are very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will give them the fact that they have an extremely clean and organized store ! ! decent selection but i seemed to think it was a bit over priced for the things they had , might come back if i 'm in the area but would n't go out of my way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "organized and clean . but small household items are ridiculously overpriced to the point that i might pay that much for a new one . make sure to sign up for their mailing list as the 50 % off they do once in a while makes it much more enticing ( the fact that they can offer 50 % off items regularly and not just items that have been sitting around for a couple months proves their original pricing is n't great ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm disappointed in this store . the prices are extremely high . these are used items for sale . i go to thrift stores to buy clothing and household items for my family at a reasonable price and it 's very disappointing when i come into this store and see prices that are not comparable to the item being sold . the store itself is very large . it 's right on center ridge past the westgate shopping plaza . the store is organized by size , style , and items .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "way over priced ! ! nice store , large selection but , wait for senior citizen day ( 55 over ) on tuesday or when they run discounts via their savers card . 30-50 % selected areas . you can buy new on some items that are priced too high . i 've seen female manager belittle a customer once when the customer asked to reduce a price on a damaged clothing item , manager refusing to drop the price when it should have been discounted . a real power hungy ass of a manager . turned me off to the store . she was rude & nasty for no reason . i witness the entire situation . a little power went to her big inflated head . most of the staff friendly & helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the only thrift stores i 've been to in a while where i left with things i actually came in hunting for ! the good clothing looks like it gets picked through pretty quick but their purses and handbags sections is awesome . large selection and good quality stuff . if you are used to the salvation army and goodwill 's base prices you may be a little turned off by some of the prices here but honestly there 's still plenty of bargains to be found . for example , i came away with a $ 3.49 never been worn banana republic blouse and a quality $ 5.99 rosetti handbag . you can probably do even better on their half price days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah ! the rich people who live in rocky rive donate good stuff ! very large thrift with tons of children 's books , unused office supplies , and of course clothing . need way more time to look around here . i liked it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice global cuisine with a `` spice road '' flair . short ribs were _really_ good , as were the grilled calamari ( top 4 i 've ever had ) portion of the shrimp calamari appetizer . quiet late , could see how it could be a little noisy when busy . friendly , professional service . did not rush us even though we were the last table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my partner and i also had a groupon for this restaurant . our meals were very good . the buttermilk flat bread with the eggplant and tomato jam was delicious ! i had the salmon which was perfectly done . i also had a very nice class of pinot grigio , which our server let me try first to ensure i 'd like it . very nice service ! back to the food ; my partner had the pork chop which was also very tasty . he did n't like the black rice that accompanied it . i liked it , but found it to be a bit too salty . i had the poached pear for dessert and , although it was tasty , i was also a bit disappointed that it was served cold . overall , we had a very nice dinner and would eat here again if we 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was disappointed given the good reviews . i thought this place would deliver an innovative mix of flavours but it did n't . the shrimp calamari appetizer tasted like it had been cooked hours earlier and warmed just prior to serving . my beef shortrib entree was ok , but lacked flavour . same for the striped bass special my wife had . a small menu does n't bother me if the dishes are outstanding - maybe we just chose wrong . we had dessert up the street at hollywood gelato . ambiance and service was fine , but not outstanding . probably wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a welcome addition to the oft-troubled food landscape on bayview . i had the shortribs , and they were as advertised ; excellent . great service , nice atmosphere . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was our second visit to segar and were very disappointed . the service was abysmal . we arrived for our 8 pm reservation and were promptly seated . . our companions had starters and that arrived in a timely fashion . our meal did not arrive for an hour and a half . during that time no wait staff approached our table or provided an explanation as to why the service was so slow . we had to call over people at 3 different times after about an hour and 15 minutes and were told that our meal was being plated and still it did not arrive . when our meal arrived , there was no apology nor was there any when they brought our bill . this restaurant should learn the importance of good customer service . any restaurant can have a bad night but it is important to acknowledge it and deal with it . this is unfortunate because the food is actually quite good and we live in the area and could have been regular clients . we will be very hesitant to go back because of this unpleasant experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mmm delicious . great alternative options , interesting options , and great veggie options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took advantage of the groupon deal and tried segar for dinner . the menu is not very extensive but the choices are very interesting and there is a good selection , from seafood to proteins , however they lack any vegetarian options . highlights of the meal : crab and shrimp fritters : nicely fried and cilantro chutney was a great compliment . prices are on par with similar restaurants in toronto . skip dessert and go up the street to hollywood gelato afterwards !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! perfect for a date , bite to eat - and definitely perfect for getting out of the busy centre . also , en route to the footpaths accessing roslin rosslyn chapel and glen . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lovely friendly place to pop in for a light snack of even a 3 course meal . authentic french dishes or the usual choice of bacon rolls and morning breakfasts etc . a good choice of coffees and a warm welcoming atmosphere for all", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having returned here after an absence of a few years , i was most disappointed at the decline , of this once friendly wee bistro . the whole place had an air of grubbiness , the food was of poor quality , and the friendly waiting staff of before , appears to have been replaced with a caricature frenchman , who was rude and dismissive of our complaints . a whizz with the pastries , he may be , but , i would suggest , if this is the standard of his customer care , he should stay behind the scenes , and reinstate the cheery staff he had before ! ! ! ! ! ! ! .oh.and clean the place ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place . as well as being a sit-in caf\u00e9 , there are various tasty treats available for take away . the baguettes are very handy if you need something to eat on the go , all freshly made for you when ordered . i also have to mention the tarts , absolutely delicious and i find it impossible to walk out without buying one . the fruit tarts are fantastic examples of french patisserie , but do n't overlook the savory ones !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this tiny caf\u00e9 boasts a cozy atmosphere , authentic french dishes , reasonable prices , and a gregarious and entertaining parisian owner . do n't let this man 's everyday-guy appearance fool youhe 's a magician with pastry dough . try anything he recommendsyou will not be disappointed . a real gem , in central penicuik .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have ordered a media center two weeks ago , paid in full online , and have not heard back since . it said that the order would ship within 3-5 business days and i would receive a tracking number . i have not received an e-mail update or tracking number . i have e-mailed steve via the store e-mail and left a voice message . they have not responded and i 'm very frustrated with the complete lack of communication and the non-completion of my shipment . i would not purchase any items from this store again and i do n't recommend anybody else does either . i have never had anything like this happen with an online purchase .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a sectional from furniture in paradise after looking around at other local stores for the exact same piece . steve 's prices were by far the best i found . not only were his prices extremely reasonable , he provided excellent customer service ! he kept in regular communication with me until my sectional arrived . he even delivered and assembled the whole thing for me . i would highly recommend this store to anyone . ca n't be beat . thank you , steve ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very scared , as not every day you order furniture online , but the price was unbeatable , so i took a chance . . steve the owner was super helpful and responsive ... , the sectional leather sofa is actually a dream , even nicer , than it looked online . will shop again , and all my friends asking where i got such beauty on that price ! .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. bass is wonderful ! she thoroughly examined my eyes and gave me thorough information about my eyes and what is happening to my vision . her staff is highly trained and very personable , especially when you are trying to choose the right set of frames for your face . i strongly recommend dr. gail bass and her staff to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. bass and her staff are the best ! the office is really easy to find and cery nice inside . i went in for an exam and dr. bass was so friendly and made you feel comfortable . margo and nicole were also very pleasant to work with . highly reccommend this office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. bass is a wonderful , caring doctor who truly cares about her patients . she is fantastic ! my son has keratoconus and needs very specialized care . dr. bass took the extra time and care to fit him with special lenses and restored his vision . she is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the last review read like an advert , here is an update . had problems with the cool kids sunglass frames that i picked out and my prescription . the lenses came back from the lab with flaws , and multiple tries did not help . unfortunately it took weeks and the whole time jennifer was very professional , ( i can be whiny ) , and updated me often . in the end , i got more than i asked for . i like to support local small businesses , and excel vision is a really good one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting my contacts here for 4 years . my now 12 year old has been getting her glasses her for just as long . dr bass is great , although the staff has changed , dr bass is very thorough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had not been to an optometrist in quite some time and had no idea where to go . i decided to try excel vision based off a referral and am very pleased with the service provided . the whole office was extremely nice , professional and knowledgeable . they went above and beyond to make my experience amazing . i did not elect to have eye insurance at work and the front desk staff was able to identify a savings program through my medical plan to help cover the costs ! ! they are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to dr bass after the service at my old eye doc fell apart . i was pleasantly surprised ( after years of subpar service at the other place ) to find punctual , friendly , knowledgeable staff at every step of service and a kind , thorough , knowledgeable and eager-to-educate od in dr bass . she is so great and on point , i 've referred my parents who both love her and her staff as well . ( i 'm a nurse , i do n't recommend medical people without a lot of consideration ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rarely do i find an optometrist that inspires confidence , but dr. bass managed to do so . the entire office emanates confidence and an all around positive energy . i would highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just went to this office for the first time . the staff was very friendly . i did have a very small wait for about 20 minutes and then i went back and met dr gail bass . she was very nice and thorough . i felt completely comfortable in the office . she did dilate my eyes and the escorted me out to pick out glasses while the dilation took place . i told the glasses technician that i did not want to go outside of my insurance prices . he showed me what would be covered completely and i realized that i would have to play a small amount more to get my lenses thinned out and an extra $ 50 for the frames i wanted . i was ok with that . i was then taken back to dr gail and she took a look at my eyes and said they looked great . she even asked if i needed a spare pair of sun glasses to wear home . i would recommend this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while waiting in the icu waiting room with family as my mother-in-law was critical , it was very disturbing to listen to three volunteers conversing so loud between the three of them , that our family could not carry on important conversations . families use the waiting rooms not just to wait , but to comfort each other , and these volunteers displayed a total lack of respect for that . they are using it for their social time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is just unbelievably compassionate . my mom has been staying here for three days so far , hoping she gets discharged today . rose who is in charge of evs literally came in just now and wanted to make sure my mom was being treated right and everything . made my mom cry and everything . what a wonderful employee . aaron from the er sounds like aiden from satc , lol but really good rn , very patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best staff in the world in the eps lab . thank you ! ! boswell has a long history of being the best hospital in the west valley . when banner took over i was concerned but that proved to be worthless worry since the people are really what makes boswell great and it looks like banner has not tampered much with a successful formula other than adding their banner ( no pun intended ) which looks like a chicken . seriously , just add the legs to their logo and you have a chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good service . from the second i stepped into the door till i was helped to my car everyone was fabulous i stayed in c339 for 3 days and shift after shift was perfect from rn to cna to toilet plunger food bringer , i could go on . everything i could ask for in a hospital stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know this is chain restaurant and have eaten at coral gables & aventura locations several times but this cheesecake is located inside the cesar 's forum shops where diners can watch the fall of atlantis show for free . we sat on the terrace and it was great for people watching . ordered the smoke house bbq burger ( smoked bacon , cheddar , onion strings , ranch bbq ) . this burger was pretty enormous and mighty tasty . bacon & onion rings were crispy . the patty was juicy medium . it came with fries so this was definitely a filling lunch for $ 12 . my friend got the factory burger and said that it was also good . service was swift and polite . got seated in 5 minutes and food came in a timely manner . we were there on a monday so weekends are probably a lot busier from reading other reviews .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so , the final verdict is out . 312 menu items , not including beverage offerings . holy crap . if you ca n't find something you like at cheesecake factory , you are just a grumpy gus . i had the taco salad-type dish . it was ok - sooo much lettuce - but my friend had the santa fe sandwich , which he said was tasty . wine was good and did n't break the bank . this location is apparently the busiest in the world . i would n't doubt it ... it 's always packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took forever to get our food . my huevos ranchero tasted like it had been sitting under the lamp for quite a while . stiff and not very tasty . our server did apologize and credited our bill for my food . ( i only ate a few bites . ) very disappointed in cheesecake factory !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to dine in\uff01white chocolate raspberry truffle is the best ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my fourth time dinning at this location . cheesecake factory is obviously known for cheesecake , but also a variety of food and great service . i may be bias because i 'm a local to summerlin las vegas , but this location lacks `` great service '' the food is sub par , and food wait times are extremely long . like i said i live in summerlin and the boca park location has exceptional service , the food quality is much higher and the time it takes to receive your food is shorter . each time dinning here it 's been an extremely long time before our food came . if you 're a local definitely avoid this location at all cost , i suppose it 's convenient for tourist .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the waiters are really busy ... pasta da vinci was veeery tasty and the cheesecake ... yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ahi carpaccio was amazing , and the food was better than good . we had a very late dinner even for vegas standards so it seemed like we were imposing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my girlfriends and i found ourselves drunk and starving at the forum shops one saturday afternoon . too tired to find a cheap place to eat ( which was hard in the forum shops ) but not wanting to spend a crazy amount of money for lunch , we found the cheesecake factory ! i know ... we can find this restaurant back at home ... but we were really hungry and the factory never really had failed us in the past . we were seated right away , and we sobered up quickly with their complimentary bread , lol . we decided to eat light ( as we planned to eat greasy pizza later that night ) so we ordered calamari and the luau salad , which were both very good and served in big portions . we ended the lunch with a macadamia nut cheesecake , in celebration for my late birthday with my girlfriends ! overall , it was a good experience with good food and good friends . we 're glad to have found this restaurant while super drunk . thanks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location . we came after finding out that we cound't get a seat at the buffet due to long line . the staffs were super helpful with getting us a table line up . there is a huge aquarium right outside of the restaurant to keep the kids entertained . our waitress was kind and patient . food never disappoint . overall a very happy dining experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3 stars for the cheesecake ! minus one star for the crowded tables and the flavorless jambalaya . we came here after walking all over the strip because i had a giftcard and the food was just ok . the only thing i recommend getting here is the cheesecake- i ca n't remember what it was called , but it had reeses crumbled on top with caramel swirls and cheesecake on a butterfinger crust with more caramel . i 'm drooling just writing about it ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i had a late dinner . we ordered the chicken bellagio and chopped salad . the chicken bellagio was delicious ! the chicken was tender and crispy at the same time and the pesto pasta was perfect ! the bread arrived warm and soft with a crispy crust . the service was great and our drinks were topped without any prompting . the only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the chopped salad was a tad over dressed . also , we 've been to the cheesecake factory several times and it 's not consistently 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cheesecake factory is located inside caesars palace and is absolutely beautiful ! eat outside if you can . we had no wait and our waitress was very accommodating . i ordered the mexican tortilla salad- delicious and fresh . as an appetizer we had the basil , mozzarella , tomato flatbread- also good but small . my boyfriend ordered the four cheese pasta with chicken- very tasty ! lunch portions are great . of course we ended with cheesecake and requested the key lime- tasted fresh and sweet and perfectly tart . try the tropical iced tea too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered a cake and were charged hundreds of dollars ( literally ) for it- it was because we had specific sugar `` jewels '' on it that they were making for it . in the end the cake looked nothing like our master plan with them and this cake shop could not even apologize or own up to their terrible service and the fact that they charged us an incredibly high amount for a cake that did not resemble anything we had agreed on . terrible . we , nor any of our guests and neighbours whom we 've all told this to , will go here ever again . an apology can go a long way , but arrogance , greed and an unwillingness to admit your mistakes burns a heck of a lot of bridges .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was for the love of cake for the most recent iron cupcake competition they hosted . their shop is quite cute and nicely organized . i wanted to sample a variety of their cupcakes ; i ordered a 6-pack of their mini cupcakes . unfortunately , they only had 3 flavours available after a big order was purchase before me . for a 6-pack of mini cupcakes , it was $ 10 including tax . not bad , considering it is within the similar price range of other cupcake shops in the city . their cupcakes are soft and moist , the icing is average . overall , it was an above average cupcake . if you are in the liberty village area , it is worth stopping in and trying out their cupcake . side note : they make some awesome custom cakes ; if you are looking for a cake for a special occasion , for the love of cake is definitely a place worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get your asses over to liberty village and eat cupcake ! this little bakeshop of wonders has a pretty long list of cupcakes that all look so good . makes the little fat girl in me giddy with joy . not surprisingly my favorite was the bacon cupcake . yep , pork on cake . someone now needs to make spam brownies and i think i can die pretty happy ( by way of heart attack in this case ) . another awesome thing they do is stamp your cupcake pass port . fill it up and you get a 6 pack for free . not ashamed to say mine is almost filled up . a 6 pack here and a 6 pack from the lcbo down the street and i 'm good for the rest of the day . p.s . they also do artsy custom cakes but i was too busy choosing my cupcakes to give a f k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced and greasy cupcakes . the cake part of the cupcakes almost always has some kind of a weird food contaminated ( like they kept the batter next to fresh ground garlic and onions ) smell and taste to it . the gluten free cupcake ( pretty darn small in size with a very minimal dollop of frosting ) is 4 dollars . no thanks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "where 's the love for mint + chocolate , hello ? i sampled `` the grasshopper '' at the tail of cupcake crawl ii : the reckoning last weekend and it was by far my favourite cupcake of the day , and definitely one of the top minty dessert contenders in the city . i do n't care what any of you naysayers say - mint and chocolate belong together , and they were paired together perfectly here . i adore ftloccc 's cupcake legend , describing all of their flavours and accompanied by a photo and ingredients listing . a beautiful takeaway souvenir that 's well designed and a genius idea altogether . they do n't always have every cupcake ( or mancake ) available so call ahead if you 're looking for something special . note : this small shop is in liberty `` we want to make it as difficult as possible for customers to find us '' village , so take note that it 's in the sort of strip mall complex of stores - just follow your nose . an address wo n't help you here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stale . 2nd time coming here since a few months ago . still stale . still greasy . the cabinet had fruit flies buzzing around . cake is heavy , filling is gross and not appetizing . 3rd time , no charm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the cupcakes here are delicious ! there are many different options - including a bacon cupcake . my absolute fave is the salted caramel - yum ! ! my friends and i were at william 's landing for a birthday dinner the other night and we had them delivered in time for dessert . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have bought cupcakes here a few times out of convenience and im not sure why i ever went back . compared to the other cupcake shops around the city this has to be my least favourite . dense and oily , and lacking real flavour is how i would best describe them . i calculated the cost of buying a half dozen and there isnt even a price break ! they claim its cheaper , but thats only because the government doesnt make you pay hst when you buy a half dozen . it really burns me when people try to make it sound like a deal when its not .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried : gluten-free chocolate peanut butter cupcake . flavour : bursting with flavour . so ridiculously soft . does n't even taste like gluten-free . not too sweet . icing is soft and melts in your mouth . to die for . price : $ $ $ almost $ 4 for a gluten-free cupcake , but it 's worth every penny . i 've tried gluten free cupcakes elsewhere , it 's by far the best . customer service : 5 out of 5 stars . the guy chatted , very friendly and prompt . buying here all the time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy ! their cupcakes are moist with a surprise inside ! chocolate ganache , lemon meringue , red velvet , chocolate hazelnut , butter cream or cream cheese icing etc . make sure you get them to stamp the cupcake flyer each time you try a different one - when all their flavours have been sampled you get a free 6 pack ! see their website for a full list of flavours . depending on the season they will feature something different . when i went they had egg nog , candy cane and ginger bread flavours .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craving some sugar , i tried a salted caramel cupcake from for the love of cake the other day and it hit the spot . the cake part was very moist , the salted caramel had the right balance of salty and sweet and the frosting was more of a french buttercream style - which i prefer over the overly sweet american style - and the ratio of cake to icing was just perfect . if they were located closer to me i 'd definitely stop in again to try out some of the other flavours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i 'm feeling down the man buys me some cupcakes and cake pops from here on his way home . i 've never stepped foot in the store itself , but i 'm sold . sad to see so many negative reviews since i have n't had a bad experience with their products - ca n't comment on service here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tucked neatly in liberty village , you 'd have to either a ) live near there or b ) have someone tell you about it , but for the love of cake has a variety of cupcake flavours . because i 've recently had my first guinness , i noticed the guinness flavoured cupcake right away . they also had chocolate hazelnut , death by chocolate ( or something like that ) , rocky road , red velvet , mint chocolate chip , and a few others i ca n't recall . i got the chocolate hazelnut and , like kelly o said , it was delish ! for me , the icing makes or breaks a cupcake . the sweeter , the better . the icing reminded me of what you 'd make at home and i do n't mean that in a bad way -- they were very good . the cake was moist and fresh , and , although it was n't my favourite cupcake i 've ever had , i would n't turn one down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent cupcakes ! have used for the love of cake a few times to meet my cupcake needs . the cupcakes are moist , the fillings delicious and the icing to die for ! we have yet to find a cupcake type that we have n't enjoyed . will continue to visit this location and look no further , as we have had such a consistent experience every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is one of my favorite cupcake places of all time , they 're creations are a work of art and they taste awesome . they cater to the food allergy crowd as well with a selection of gluten free goodies that taste just as good as the real thing . what can i say i 'm a huge huge fan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh . so wanted to like this place but i was sorely disappointed . counter attendant was awkward and standoffish - big no no in any front of house position . no proper greeting , no eye contact ( and it 's a small store ) . i asked if the cupcakes had been baked that morning and he got all shifty ... they did n't taste like it either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mmmm . i do n't know what else you could say but this . such good cupcakes ! i like that they have mini sizes and large sizes and that the mini sizes are a third of the cost of the large size . this place is in the building where i work and i 'm so often tempted to come down and have a cupcake when the mid-afternoons blahs hit and all i want to do is curl up and nap . of course , eating a cupcake a day is not a good habit to pick up . so i 've been resisting temptation . but when i do go , i get two mini cupcakes just so i can get a taste of all the flavours . i have n't found one that i did n't like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious cupcakes , with amazing fillings . have been there many times and have never had a dry or oily cupcake . the cakewalks are addictive ! we careful not to eat them all in one sitting ! please open up an uptown location ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my new love , especially they have 2-bite size cupcakes that allows u to have a few without feeling overly full : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a 6 pack as a bday present and i loved the vanilla with the pink buttercream frosting . it was barbie pink and tasted delish , whats not to love ? the cake was so moist and so yummy . mmmmmmmmmmmmm the vanilla takes the cake !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here on vacation with my friends family all i can say is wow the pastries here were divine . they were so soft and the taste was to die for i think i tried one of everything , everyone needs to try this place out i wish there was one like this where i live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cupcakes are mediocre . they are a bit dry and the icing is very uneven ( both between cupcakes , with some having lots and others having barely any , and on individual cupcakes themselves , with the icing not being distributed evenly ) . the cashier put one mini in each space of a regular cupcake package and then balanced a mini between each cupcake space . the result was that the icing smeared all over the place and they looked like crap when i arrived at my friend 's house . thanks for nothing for the love of cake . with so many great cupcakes in the city , i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i want to say it 's so expansive to the small cake . i do n't think it taste nice . i think it 's so sweet . and i will be fat after eating it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best cupcake shops i have been to while on my cupcake crawl this last march break . one i would make agin and agin if i had more time , to make it from scarbough too . everything about the place makes me excited . the super nice staff , the cute shop they have , the many flavours and not over priced ! guiness mancake : chocolate cupcake filled with liqure and topped with guiness icing . both the cake and icing was amazing and was approx $ 3.00 . maple bacon mancakes : if you love maple , bacon and cake just try this ... .your mouth will thank you . it had maple flavoured icing with pieces of bacon inside . cupcake was filled with fresh blueberry sauce and pieces of bacon . very moist , icing melted in your mouth , and agin approx 3 bucks . i would have tried more but i could olny carry so many cupcake boxes while on my cupcake crawl , so i will be back to try more soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know what ? this place was just ok and i am totally indifferent to their cupcakes ! i by no means find them gross , but at the same time i have never had a craving for this place even though i work just a few blocks away . the selection is interesting but after trying a few mini ones i sort of got over it an gave away the rest . this is clearly an example of personal taste not jiving with a product . would i recommend this place to a cupcake lover ? sure ... but they are n't for me ... which is probably best in the long run : - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review is for their cupcakes . i found their selection to be okay considering their price they charged i expected something a bit more extravagent or richer in flavour . got 2 reg cupcakes ( red velvet & strawberry cheesecake ) and a mini cupcake ( guiness chocolate ) . was n't mind blowing ... try if you 're in the area but i would n't go out of my way for the cupcakes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "purchased 12 cupcakes for our company 's christmas lunch . all were excellent - my favourite was the cookie dough cupcake which is a cupcake that really tastes like cookie dough . i 'm not yet a connoisseur of fine cupcakes but i can appreciate a good cupcake and these were the best i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is addictive ! the frequent buyer card forces me to try other flavours i would n't normally choose . great idea ! i really love the chocolate raspberry . i ordered a few boxes for an event last fall and bring them to get togethers at friends ' homes and they are always a hit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got two coupons here from groupon , $ 11 for a box of their cake balls . 50 % i can only redeem one at a time . so i emailed them and asked if i could use both coupons on the same day , please please please , because i live way too far . on the day , the server rudely said , `` no ... . '' someone responded my email and said ( within 48 hours ) , `` sure , just ask the manager if there 's enough stock that day . '' : ( my next visit was on the last day the coupon was valid for . they were out of stock and i had to make a third trip for this ! it really was too far ... . but the cake balls were definitely amazing ! ! my favourites were red velvet , grasshopper , and cookies and cream .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love these guys ! i tasted most of their cupcakes and had a few birthday cakes from here too . all of them were amazing . it 's like i 've finally met the shop that makes the cake experience from my day dreams . my favourite cupcakes are : red velvet mini cupcake ( sometimes the regular sized one with the chocolate filling can be a bit too much for me ) , the chocolate raspberry cupcake , the coconut and the maple bacon . their customer service ranges from depressing to meh but their cakes are so good they can yell at me to gtfo and i 's still be buying cakes from them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a gluten free red velvet cake for a special birthday from ftloc ... it was lovely , scrumptious & a really big hit ! genevieve was helpful & pleasant . good customer service . clean , wonderful smelling store makes one smile !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here years ago with a friend who had a groupon for 6 cupcakes at half price . i remember that we could n't even finish the cupcakes we started . they were too dry , the icing was oily and too sweet . perhaps now that 's changed , but recent reviews tell me likely not . the `` service '' sucked . the cashier was not pleasant and spoke in a monotonous tone ; providing little help and no suggestions on flavours . she almost did n't want to accept the groupon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really thought i had found a gem in my new neighbourhood , after a late night walk . i came back a couple days later with my sister to try one of those lovely cupcakes that were in the window . to mine and my sister 's horror the cupcakes were not the good at all . the classic vanilla was dry and had a really weird aftertaste while the frosting was a mess . my sister picked the red velvet and she said it just okay nothing special and she had better elsewhere . might go back and try another flavour but i 'm not in a rush .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i scrambled at the last minute to find the perfect cake for my husbands birthday . i came across for the love of cake and decided to order a custom bmw cake . was i ever glad i went with them . it was such a beautiful cake with an extreme amount of detail and hard work put into it . my guests were talking about it all night . not to mention how yummy it was too . : ) thanks to genevieve and the whole team for all their beautiful work on a wonderful cake . you truly are amazing artists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "more like , `` for the love of cupcakes . '' truly the best in the entire city . i 'm a fan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after having brunch in the area , we were looking for something sweet . after consulting our phones , we discovered that for the love of cake was located close by . i tried the salted caramel , pecan pie , mochaccino and chocolate raspberry , and i must say , i was a little disappointed . although i did enjoy the pecan pie , the others , which were on a chocolate base were just okay . given that they were rated # 2 on the blogto list and given the high rating here , i certainly expected better . perhaps , they just do their other flavours better ? i wanted to get the red velvet or carrot but the selection was limited when we dropped by . i 'm willing to give it another shot , but i definitely would n't get the chocolate base cupcakes again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the best cupcakes in toronto . the guinness and strawberry short cake are my go to cupcakes but everything in here is just tasty . was n't brave enough for the bacon , though . just hope this place does n't turn into a hack like dufflet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a bit out of the way ( unless you live nearby ) . i 'm not much of a cupcake person but i was excited to try one nonetheless . after scoping out the website , i was a wee bit disappointed that they did n't have any of the kinds i wanted to try on the day i went in ( chocolate banana , peanut butter & chocolate , angel food cake , smores , rocky road ) oh well . i tried a pumpkin pie cupcake ( $ 3 ) . it was tasty but it it did n't blow my mind , perhaps i should have stuck with a more classic cupcake.. service was great and the place was super clean . no seating though . i 'm assuming most of the customers order cakes cupcakes ahead and stop in to pick them up , but it would be nice if they spruced it up a bit , added some seats and made it more cafe-ish for people just passing by .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the facility itself is not too bad . i 've rented better storage units and i 've rented worse . this one is just right down the middle . what i did not care for is the fact that insurance is mandatory ( which i can understand ) , but they make you get their insurance without the option of looking to get your own . secondly , i had to buy this stupid little key lock for $ 17 that i am now stuck with because i have yet to find another storage unit that uses the same kind of lock . they would not allow me to use my own pad lock ( frustrating ) . the staff was friendly enough , you can tell that they 're used to dealing with tough patrons as they all have a defensive attitude towards every guest . i guess that comes with the territory i suppose . all-in-all it was not the best experience i 've had with storage units . especially considering the fact that they only have 1 rolling cart to assist with moves . they need to rectify that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my first time ever storing my belongings a very friendly young lady , jessica was very helpful i was relocating for work and behind schedule feeling rushed and tired after just getting into vegas only an hour earlier . it was close to closing and she took her time to show me the storage rooms since the one i reserved on line was a 7x8 closet when i really needed a 10x10 room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i checked in , i received good customer service from rosalinda . however , i found the storage areas to be dirty and there is only one cart available , which makes it hard to move your stuff if someone else is using it . also , the bathroom is always locked and the toilet did n't work the last time i asked to use it . i found their rates to be high since insurance is mandatory and i would have liked nicer facilities for the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i attended a family wedding here this past weekend ; it 's a unique event space , and i 'd say it 's ideal for a spring evening wedding . we were told that another wedding took place there simultaneously , but we had no idea at the time . we entered the ceremony through a little house- pictures and the seating cards were on a table inside . behind it , chairs and the dj set up in front of a gazebo . cocktail hour and dancing took place in another building behind that , and dinner was outside on tables arranged around a small pond . the setting is like a fairy-tale secret garden . lovely for a wedding , and i can see christmas parties and other personal events being lovely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice venue for a wedding , it 's got a dance room , outdoor patio with a nice view of the fountain , it is surrounded with lots of trees for shade . if you do n't want your guest to sit outside during the summer you can use the dance room , very versatile venue . they also have a separate room for your food , if you want to do buffet style ( which my friend did ) . wonderful place ! so earthy.. to be with nature..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are over priced for what you receive . simple things like ice are not provided . the place is in need of repair . the chairs are worn out , tables are shoddy . they did not set up enought tables so our guests had no place to sit eventhough i paid for more guests than we actually had that night . also our coordinator who was supposed to be available to me and by my side all night..no where had to hunt her down everytime . also watch out all their vendors like bartender bob are a joke . dj was poor as well as the serving staff all recommended by the wright house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had our wedding here on march 20 . beyond impressed ! ! they had it decorated exactly like i wanted and it was beautiful ! ! i loved that us girls had a whole room to ourselves to get ready in . we chose the proven\u00e7al side because i loved the fountains . at night when the lights came on , i fell in love with the venue even more . and to top it all off , stacy , the wedding coordinator , was amazing ! super helpful all night long ... even with the little ones . she even cuddled our baby girl for a bit . highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i held my wedding reception at the wright house , in the provence garden . i loved our experience , from beginning in planning stages till we boarded our limo that whisked us to our hotel ! the grounds are beautiful & scream european elegance , marylin was amazing to work with , tiffanie was an awesome `` day of coordinator '' , travis was great with my music requests and genre choices , clive was an extraordinary photographer , madison avenue catered exquisite food , and buttercream cakery made a delicious cake-all preferred vendors of the wright house . any chance i get , i share my experience with the wright house to brides to be , in hopes to continue their thriving business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved getting married here ! we had a ceremony only but it was so great ! tiffani was the coordinator and she was amazing . the venue had my guests in awe of it 's beauty . i would completely recommend this venue to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so beautiful , i would say if you 're looking for a fairy tale type of wedding then this is the venue for you . my fiance and i toured the property which is separated into two venue areas . one is called the provencal and the other is the secret garden or something along those lines . both places are gorgeous , however we were leaning more towards the provencal because it contains this beautiful fountain in the center and would make a very ideal outdoor spring wedding . the only reason why we did n't go with them was because a ) the prices were a little too much above our budget , b ) we did n't want to structure our wedding around beautiful weather and wanted to play safe in case our wedding were to get rained in . a very beautiful venue though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you wright house for making my dream wedding come true ! i grew up wanting to get married at the wright house . i loved the help that they offered . all the staff i felt with were always kind and personable . they made my day so easy . everything was beautiful ! their decorating staff is awesome . i was n't sure at all what i wanted and they were so patient with me and pulled out every option available for the table settings . the prices are decent and include decor and flowers . their flower person was a delight to work with too . she put in some extras here and there to add some flare and height . she is very talented . loved everything about my wedding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful staff , great communication ! i had the pleasure of working with the wright house for a photo session to thank police officer 's in our community . the wright house worked with me and helped on the day of the session with anything i needed . definitely a beautiful garden and would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wright house is a lovely venue and the photos came out beautiful because the building and grounds are carefully manicured . the staff is wonderful and knowledgeable and had great suggestions . the decor , set up , the coordinator and the grounds are all great . no complaints about the wright house itself at all . my only suggestion is for them to re-examine their preferred vendors because a few of them are lacking and do not match up to the venue service wise . ( sue jacobs cakes and park avenue catering )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a beautiful wedding service at the wright house last may . we were looking for a pretty , outdoor location for a small , intimate wedding ( about 20 guests ) . this was the perfect spot . they had an opening within six weeks ( trying to beat the summer heat ) at 9 a.m. on a saturday and gave us a great rate . our pictures are gorgeous . we did n't use any of the vendors or wedding coordinator , but all went smoothly and everyone commented on how beautiful it was and what a nice time they had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the perfect event . i love the fact that my daughter 's wedding was absolutely perfect . she wanted a non-desert venue with lots of greenery and flowers and the wright house was the place we chose . their prices were within our budget and our wedding planner , stacy , was very helpful and made the event go very smooth . we really did n't have to stress about any of the logistics of the day . close to the end of the evening , my husband and i sat back and relaxed knowing that our daughter 's wedding went off without a hitch . i would make this choice again without a doubt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful venue and wonderful customer service . thank you for making our day even more special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friends of mine had their wedding ceremony and party here at the wright house and it was top notch . great scenery , clean , organized , and the staff was friendly . convenient location as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't eat mcdonald 's food , but for a quick coffee break this place is nice and clean , staff is friendly , and come on -- $ 1.46 for a coffee and a better-than-tim-hortons muffin ? also they have a little tv mounted to the wall and when i came here during world cup they had the game playing and let people congregate and watch , it 's a somewhat west african neighborhood here and it was cool to see all the ghanians gathered during the games . i was able to restrain myself from raging against mcd 's food in my review , so i 'm giving myself 4.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is actually not a bad mcdonald 's . i 've been coming to this location off and on for many years and the service , speed , and quality are fairly reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this mcdonald 's is on my way home from work . i often have a craving for chicken mcnuggets . after work , i stop by to get my fix . this place has only messed up my order once . i have been coming here for at least a couple of years . i was charged for the nuggets and drink , but i had indicated that i wanted `` combo number 8 . '' so , i got my fries for free . i think that my meal was cheaper with just the two items and do n't recall getting a refund . anyway , the parking lot has plenty of room . the drive-thru does get busy , but it moves ! i tend to use my debit card to pay , which had never caused any issues . staff are cheerful and polite . this place also has manager 's specials now and again . i like this location better than the one closest to my home . ( 142 )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a mcdonald 's in etobicoke this location is pretty good ! drive thru is normally quite busy but also moves pretty quickly . friendlier staff would make this a 5 star location", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love passionknit for its enormous , excellent selection of malabrigo yarns . i also like their new collections of madelinetosh yarns , including lots of colours of tosh dk . i 've also bought koigu , aslan trends , and debbie bliss there . easygoing , low-key , yet enthusiastic and friendly help . i feel comfortable browsing . one star off because they 've never offered to wind the yarn i purchase . even so , i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have lots of yarn there such as noro , debbie bliss , malabrigo , sirdar pattern books ... etc ... however , i did n't get anything from the store yesterday , just because i was looking for pear tree yarn . since they had those yarn in their website ; however , they do n't carry them in the store . they said that i must buy them as a bag ( 10 balls for a bag , and cost around $ 270 ) i wish to buy few balls and went there to ask . the lady said that she can take one bag of the yarn to the store , and let me touch and feel it if i really want to buy a bag of it . so , that means , i ca n't buy them individually anyway , a bit disappointed . i do n't need so many balls . the service is ok , not as friendly as other local yarn stores ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice little yarn store . they tend to carry higher end more exotic yarns , so if you are looking to make something special it is a good choice . only reason for 4 stars vs 5 is they do not have enough basic yarn . have a large website but do not carry everything in the store . have taken 1 course there to make socks and it was good . still have one sock to go sadly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was excited to visit this little store . i have had different experiences since i 've starting shopping here . the selection is relatively limited . all of the yarn is high end and beautiful but all very similar . they also have good quality needles . the service here is not great . the women that work there later in the evening are very rude ; unfriendly and it always seems like they 're just waiting for you to leave . earlier in the day , there are other ladies who are very pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "short leash caught my eye for the naan pita like bun . only in the southwest would this make any sense . i had the mac daddy which consisted of mac n cheese and vegetable chili . the ingredients were tasty and clean . there was no oil , grease or butter overkill . the naan was warm and soft . the sausage was good too . their drink selection is far better than i would of expected . regional beers in the high numbers and who can say to no to a big red ? dessert : i need anne robinson to tell them that this is their weakest link . the strawberry cheesecake doughnut tasted imported..imported from tim horton 's that is . bad bad bad . service was clean just like their dogs . i love businesses that can put a twist on things the way that short leash has . a worthy stop for anyone to make . and if you 're one of those people that skips dessert , for once i wo n't consider you stingy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is okay . the service is actually really great . it 's actually really fabulous apparently . so fabulous that their staff decides how much they think they deserve as a tip . i wrote down a one dollar tip on a tab for one beer . when it cleared in my account , another two dollars was added on . apparently our bartender felt she deserved a three dollar tip on one beer . incredibly inappropriate . i most definitely will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did n't believe hot dogs could be this good ! this is a unique twist that sounds interesting to say the least and ends up being amazing . i had my doubts and now will be a regular ! i had the lady with fried pickles and cream cheese and other goodies all on naan and chips that were fresh , homemade and i want another ! they have a good selection of interesting combinations and dogs including a vegetarian one , a spicy brat , etc . i had fried green tomatoes from their food truck once as well and they were great . service was quick and friendly , prices are worth it , the place is small but has charm . great location and we were able to find parking right down the street not to far . i have been twice now and had the lady both times because it was so good but i will venture to other combinations soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this food truck has n't quite figured out how to be a restaurant . the food was ok , but the service was crap . we got there and half of their tables were n't bussed . the waitress took our order , only took half the drink orders and we never saw her again . our appetizer never showed up and when we asked they said it would take 20 minutes because they were chaining their oil ... in the middle of dinner service ? the food was good , a dog on its own wo n't fill you up , and it 's was not worth the wait and bad service . huge bummer because i was really excited for this restaurant and probably wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the negative complaints about this place are all about the prices here . the food is awesome . fried pickles are some of the best i 've ever had . support your local restaurants and pay the extra buck or two . it 's going to be better than chilli 's . i promise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good and bad experience here . we arrived at 8pm ordered a pretzel dog to split and several donuts . it was about 45 minutes later that we received our food , and it was lukewarm . being that we were starving we ate it . i can tell they use good quality products , but it was only a mediocre hot dog . maybe if it would have been piping hot it would have been a better experience . their chips , again lukewarm , were greasy , like maybe their oil was too cold . i feel like when there are only 5 other people in the restaurant they could have had our food hot and fresh for that wait . the redeeming factor was the donuts . tried the maple bacon and the spicy thai . the maple bacon was very good , but the spicy thai was excellent . probably the best donut i have ever eaten . so for their donuts i give them a good rating . i will come back and give them another try with their dogs , but for sure will be back for those donuts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by on a friday at 9:30 . i am not the biggest hot dog fan of all time , but wanted to try it after reading the reviews . i 'm a plain kind of girl , so i got the build your own with regular hot dog , cheddar , raw onion , ketchup and mustard . now , this may seem plain and boring to you , but to me , it was the best hot dog i 've ever had ! ! i think the naan bread puts it over the top . the chips were quite delicious , too . i got a ballast point pale ale that was very good with the hot dog . the person i was with got the goat cheese salad and said it was very good . our waitress was great and attentive . highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm more than willing to sit , stay , rollover , play dead , shake , or whatever trick short leash hot dogs wants me to do to enjoy one of its wonderful hot dogs . i 've loved the truck , so naturally i would love the restaurant . and even better , i can enjoy the food pretty much whenever i want without the lines that always accompany the truck . just so you know , there is not a lot space in the restaurant or parking lot . i had to use a meter down the street , but do n't worry , meters downtown take credit cards . also ; if you want a pretty good donut for desert , there is a bakery case with some rollover donut selections in the back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . mac daddy and the lady are my two favorites . try one of the local brews with your meal while you 're at it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the beer selection , but i dislike the new system with ordering . each time you want something , you need to get up and order it at a register , which cuts out the personal service from the servers . my favorite person at short leash , mary lynn , is gone now and i miss her sense of humor and awesome service . she remembered everyone 's orders and always delivered our things with a smile , joke or well wishes . wo n't be going any back anymore due to the new system and the loss of mary lynn", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a hot dog place . it 's along a very cool stretch of roosevelt . been here a few times . each time , the service has been great , the food was great ( i like the chi town dogger ) , the cleanliness was solid . parking seems difficult but there is a small lot and plenty of surrounding meters . very accessible location with friendly faces staffing the place . hot dog lovers be prepared ... all dogs are served on a pita bread-like bun . i myself prefer the usa major league baseball bunny buns that are more the norm . even so , the flavors at short leash compensate for the different kinda `` bun '' . prices are not too high considering short leash is near downtown asu roosevelt ... smart move to keep things pretty affordable . smart move to staff your restaurant with employees who care and take care . good spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yo go here , take a bite , and you will feel like this inside and out : https : www.youtube.com watch ? v=gza4yre0uek hopefully , you think thats a good thing . bc i do . if you are not in a position to watch that video , then let me break it down for you when you eat here , these words will fly thru your head as you lose control of your body damn holy cow nom nom nom pow pow kaboom if that bastardized version of a haiku did not convince you of this place 's extraordinariness , then just go , order the crispy dog , eat it , look me in the eye , and try not to recite that haiku i dare you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for rollover doughnuts only -- came in looking to try a variety of unique , decadent donuts for breakfast and i was not disappointed ! i had my choice of almost a dozen different kinds of fun flavors and came home with a box of different donuts to sample with my husband . we really loved all of them ! the service was nice , the prices were alright , but i will say it was a little difficult to pinpoint their exact location ( took a little bit longer than normal to find them ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally went to short leash . i had been wanting to hit this place up for like a year . seemed every plan to changed to somewhere else . but went and had a great meal . the whole menu looked amazing , so hard to choose . i will have to go back soon . the people working were really friendly and very attentive . the location and ambiance is very cool . the restaurant lies right in the heart of the art district . i ordered the lady with bratwurst . basically , i ordered this one because it had fried pickles on it . really wanted to try them but not order an appraiser just for me . really enjoyed the hot dog on a flat-bread . i ordered the chips with the dog . they were really good , but i found they needed a lil flavor added to them or at least salted better . they were very good but only thing i 'd change . overall a great location to enjoy a dog and a beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited with some friends and one of the servers had an attitude whilst serving us . he got food and drinks wrong , but did n't really seem to care that it impacted our experience . an email to the owners proved this business cares about its customers and their experiences . i would not hesitate to return again . food is really good and you should try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "caught them on an off moment or something..i ordered lime soda , and a lady with a bleu cheese side salad . received lemon , and a lady with a vinaigrette side salad..but that did n't matter , because i never got a fork to eat it with . by the time she came back , i had eaten the average hot dog concoction , built on naan , with indecipherable flavors that did n't taste like the description . i mentioned the dressing error , and no fork thing and asked for only the check . she runs in the back trying to remake the salad , or repair the error , which took another 5mins . i throw $ 15 on the table , hoping that will cover it , and start to leave..she comes out with salad in hand , still no check..maybe a food truck is the best bet .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried this place twice . hot dogs = good . little pricy but gourmet hot dogs so i guess thats okay . chips = both times tasted like burnt potatoes . service is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been dying to try this place ever since i visited their booth at the devoured food and wine festival . after a busy afternoon , a girlfriend and i decided to go by for lunch today . so glad we did ! when we came by the place was empty , and we got immediate service . our server was very nice and made sure to point out the featured hotdog for the day , which was an italian sausage with bolognese sauce . we ordered one , as well as the oliver to share . so good ! it was easy enough to split each hotdog for sharing , and we each got the delicious chips . we both also enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly staff . my only complaint was the sangria , which was good , but $ 8 for a very small glass . overall , this was a great place to eat and i ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter and i went here on thurs the 22 of may after a long day at the children 's museum downtown . what a awesome little place . i had the german type dog with amazing mustard and sauerkraut . it came with the freshest , tastiest little salad . my daughter had the kids hot dog , she loved the pita bread bun . we had a great time . as a bonus the waitress bartender who was the only one working went out of her way to interact with my 3 year old . it was around 4 i think and we were the only ones there , the food came out exceedingly fast and fresh . one slight negative that did n't effect our meal . the outside patio had the strong smell of liquid gasoline because 2 of their food trucks were parked in the driveway . i was going to sit out there but the smell was strong as soon as i opened the door , so we sat inside . oh yeah the chips are amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a dog so being able to bring him to dinner is always a plus , but it makes it even better when the place provides doggie water bowls ! ! we came on first friday so it was busy , our order got stuck behind a big order so our waitress went out of her way to give us a complimentary treat to tide us over . great vibes , great patio area , great people watching and great customer service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in phoenix for the fiesta bowl - go bucks ! staying downtown and stopped here for lunch to go . i was excited about the vegetarian hot dog option with lady topping , and my dad went for classic all beef with chicago topping . he found his to be just the right crunch and mine tasted so authentic i was almost concerned it was meaty . we also got a starter of fried pickle chips , with two tasty dips . fried pickles were very sweet so beware if you are not a sweet pickle fan . the ambiance was very hipster and the staff were super friendly . we also bought donuts per the recommendations and yet to eat them- but you ca n't go wrong with a pistachio orange cream cake donut ! mmmmm ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was worried that food truck taste would be lost by transferring to a restaurant but it did n't ! and the menu expansion is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm afraid to try many of the other fun looking dogs here , but i must say that the chicago dog is quite tasty . i love that style of a hot dog . the `` bun '' is interesting on these because it 's more like a wrap kind of . maybe like naan bread ? the fried pickles from when i had their food truck were great too . i think they use sweet pickles though rather than regular pickles .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! ! absolutely blown away with how good these hotdogs are . i 'm from chicago and have been a frequent visitor to superdawg , weiner circle , and plenty of other great chicago hotdog destinations throughout my glutton filled life . short leash hot dogs blows away these famous chicago places . i go back to visit chicago a couple times a year and it wo n't be as exciting to go back now because half the reason i like going back to visit is so i can stuff my face with chicago style hotdogs , and i 'll be disappointed eating there now because short leash is so good . i also enjoyed the little hipster bar set up that they have and also have a good beer selection . any person who gives this place less than 5 stars should be jailed in tent city a bit longer than first time dui offenders . and should also be forced to register as a food offender for the rest of their lives , so the public knows exactly where you food deviants live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a fan of this place since it was just a hot dog food truck and have been happily eating here while watching them expand to 2 different locations ever since . it ' s hard to pick one favorite because they are all so tasty and each fulfills a different `` food '' mood . i love coming here before seeing a game at the diamondbacks stadium or grabbing a drink and some food on a first friday night . tasty food , cold beer and feel good vibes . ca n't get better than this !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a pretzel dog and the poutine dog . each hot dog was about $ 9 , but they were both very , very good . we even stopped at the donut shop located inside . i have to admit , two hot dogs and two soft drinks for $ 25 bucks+tip will keep me from coming back in on a regular basis . other than that , i was happy with the service and the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the sunny and loved it ! while it may not be the item to order every time you go if you are in the mood for something not too heavy it is perfect ! love the vibe of the restaurant . plus any restaurant with a solid beer list like theirs is my type place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . it has a great vibe and excellent food . the dogs are served in a pita instead of a boring bun . the prices are fair . the place is spotless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food but they charge $ 2.50 for one 12oz can of diet soda . no bueno in my book . they can get away with that with free refills , but not for one can . otherwise it was okay . please get a soda machine and leave the third world behind . real reviews , really .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i 've searched high and low for a great hotdog and they do n't disappoint here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great experience ! had an awesome bartender server , brittany ! she was definitely busy between the bar and the floor , but she remained very sweet , patient and suggestive ! she went over the beer list and took the time to let me taste the local beer on draft . also , as curious as i was about the bear dog , i was still very unsure ! she encouraged me to try it and suggested i pair it with the spicy beer dog ! hands down the best hot dog i have ever had ! thanks brittany for being so kind and attentive and thanks to the cook that prepared my food ! two thumbs up ! i will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hosted my book club there last night because the book was about a dog and i wanted to keep with the theme . everyone was so friendly and accommodating ! our group had everything from the bear dogs , pretzel dogs , polish dogs , fries , and mac and cheese . they tasted a variety of the beers as well . it was all delicious and the whole group raved about the food , atmosphere , and the staff ! because it was a book club we stayed there longer than a typical dinner and everyone was so gracious and kind about the length of our stay . at the end of the evening we even had the opportunity to taste their donuts and they were delicious too ! i appreciate the hospitality and wholeheartedly recommend the short leash !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is n't single negative thing to say about short leash . i 'm not a hot dog fan , but i will come here any day . the choices to make your own are limitless ... flavorful every single time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place off the beaten path with a unique take on a classic ! great homemade hotdogs wrapped in naan and dressed with all kinds of amazing toppings ! add some locally brewed beer and i 'm pretty much in heaven !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a good selection if dogs . i love the moki with a veggie dog . it 's so good . i add slaw to it . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . the owners are awesome . the customer service is on point . they have a wide selection of craft beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dogs were a bit over hyped imo . portillo 's being my standard , i thought their meat was good , but their toppings are a bit excessive . i like the pita bread tortilla idea and it was good , but i suppose it 's more of a novelty thing , and i like the traditional bun . next time i 'll try their pretzel dog . i had the moki , and reminded me of a chili cheese dog . the thing that bumps them up a half star if i could is their fried pickles . id come in any day for an order of those bad boys", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all i can say is yum . they catered our job on food truck day and their chicago hot dog on a pita was delicious . plus they serve coke in a glasses bottle and poore brother chips ! what could be better ? staff was also very nice and fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was delicious ! i had the mac and cheese hot dog ! it was very good , however , i wish that had a tad more macaroni and cheese on it ! you are able to sit where you want , and its very relaxing atmosphere !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding dogs ! i had the igby ( blue cheese , bbq sauce , coleslaw with an all beef dog . it was a great tasting dog and ample size to fill up the stomach ! their fries were excellent as well . i am headed back again when i get back downtown ! definitely worth a try ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hotdogs in phoenix . my first trip there , i started off with a couple of scotch eggs . a sweet and a spicy mustard paired by the restaurant made it all the better . the craft beer selection was excellent ranging from the hoppy to the light . but back to the hotdogs . not into buns ? great , try the crispy dog . 3 hotdogs filled with cheese and jalape\u00f1o , wrapped in in a crispy tortilla and deep fried . even better , ask for it monika style ( wrapped in bacon ) and a chipotle avocado cream sauce . the house made chips are a great pairing , and it about as good as it gets . the environment is friendly and very laid back , and the staff is very accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the most amazing hot dogs , probably in the country . the choices for meat are exceptional . the breading for the dog was naan bread , phenomenal . service was quick and we received our food in under 5-10 minutes . a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere has a cool vibe and the bathrooms are super clean ! as for the food , i do n't eat piggies but the veggie dog is very good . oh and do n't forget to bring a pic of your dog , puppy , pooch : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hot dog with peanut butter ? that just sound like it 's not a good idea . i went in wit my buddy to see wat all the fuss is about , ok food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is down the street from my grlfriends house . i have been there 3 times already . i have had their all dressed pizza and 2 different subs . the best off the island food along with smoke meat pete 's . this will become a weekly stop for me now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "essayer leur sauce \u00e0 spaguetti ( poutine , pizza et p\u00e2te ) elle est excellante . meilleur place qualit\u00e9 prix pizzeria \u00e0 l'\u00eele perrot . le service est assez rapide . l'endroit est petit , peu acceuillir une vingtaine de personne . pour la livraison c'est parfait !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ferm\u00e9", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pizza on ile perrot and probably the west island too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely recommend trying their subs , pizza and poutine . in the area i 'd have to say it 's my favorite place to get a sub because they 're always so good and worth the price . delivery is always done in a reasonable amount of time and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant was empty at 6:30 on a weeknight . i was greeted by an expressionless employee and was seated . the chicken teriyaki was the worst i 've ever had . very dry slices of chicken with a drizzle of thin teriyaki sauce and a large rice portion . it also came with `` salad '' on the same plate which consisted of lettuce and a few grated carrots with some sort of sweet tasting orange salad dressing ( french ) ? there was loud pop music blaring from speakers which did n't mesh with the restaurants ' ambiance . to be fair , they had a lot of sushi choices which i did n't try . but , unfortunately i wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my son and i eat here at least one a week . ever since they lost all their staff ( and liquor license ) and jacked up their prices , this place turned to garbage . my food tonight went from paying for it , car ride home , my garbage . absolutely disgusting . what happened to this place ! ? the owner was even there ! before i could open the cover on my soup , all smelled was the spoiled spinach . the soup tasted completely sour . my son 's chicken ( ? ) had the texture of jerky and had to have been pretty old . the edamame was brown and looked as though it had been frozen , boiled , refrigerated and boiled again . i 'm disgusted . i 've always stuck up for this place . never again . i will never return . years of a constant customer gone . well done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place used to be a great inexpensive dive to grab a bite with friends . they got rid of table service , so now you must order food and drinks at a counter . what little staff that are still there seem to be inexperienced and nervous . food quality has gone down yet their prices have gone up ruffly 35 percent . you are now paying kabuki prices for no service , blah food quality , and a busted up environment . it 's a real shame that this place fell apart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sushi specials at happy hour are worth giving this place a try . located on southest corner of tatum and thunderbird next to kinko 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it had been awhile since i 'd been to eastwind . the last time i ventured in here , it was more of a fast-casual concept , with ordering at the counter . this time , i was guided to a table and given an actual menu . i purposefully chose my visit to align with their happy hour times , and i 'm glad i did ! i ordered two rolls : shrimp tempura and a spicy eel roll . the eel was really interesting : cream cheese , jalape\u00f1os , and delicious eel ( i asked for extra eel sauce , too ! yum ! ) . it was tasty , but it could have used a little less cream cheese . the shrimp roll was the definite winner , but it was a fairly standard preparation . i appreciated that eastwind leaves knives and forks on the table , and do n't make you ask for them like so many japanese restaurants do ! i 'm sure i 'll be back for another happy hour , but probably would n't venture here to pay full price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super busy during lunch . they seemed short staffed but it was worth the wait . i had the express bento lunch b : spicy tuna roll , crunchy shrimp roll , miso soup & salad . along with a tropical iced tea , total cost for lunch was $ 11.20 ... ... great dining atmosphere ... .ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was terrible . hubs and i had 2 hours to kill after we dropped the boy off to a gracie game night within the plaza . the food was not good at all . the meat tasted old and that atmosphere felt dirty to me . service was good though , but i will not come back to this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have been coming here for lunch weekly now for awhile and i just love this place . the staff are helpful and friendly , the food is tasty and plentiful and the price can not be beat ! just a really good place to eat and not spend a fortune .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know why others are complaining about this place . i live a mile down the road and come here once a week . get the lunch bento , it 's ten bucks , and fantastic . the assorted sushi platter is 13 bucks . i 've read others review that this place is expensive . if you think 13 bucks for huge strips of fresh fish is expensive please stop eating sushi . i 've been to far more expensive places for sushi , and the quality and price are some of the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can do takeout or eat in . their happy hour is n't bad cheap beer and some good sushi . crunchy eel roll is bomb as all hell ! service here was speedy and knowledgable . the large portions they gave were also a plus . so overall if you like sushi and want to try a new place i say give it a shot for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered an eel roll off of their happy hour menu and i was really impressed . it was like 4 bucks ! good mix of quality and price . i will be back here for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten here multiple times and expect much better than my visit today . the person taking orders seemed inexperienced , plus he did n't know what was in several sushi rolls and had to actually open a menu to check . since their lunch menu has changed , i ordered the chicken teriyaki with brown rice and the california crunchy roll . the cali roll 's crab filling seemed dry , and the teriyaki sauce left something to be desired . a few hours after lunch there i began to feel nauseous , sick and feverish . i had chills and fought nausea for a few hours before it subsided . i think this place has gone downhill even though they have tried to make it more upscale . the prices have gone up , but after my experience today i can see that the quality has not followed suit . for $ 10 i would have rather had a sushi roll from fry 's at tatum and shea .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i considered ourselves regular customers , but not anymore . we learned the owners changed last month and we 've noticed the change . the servers are not very experienced and have a lot to learn about customer service . there must be a new sushi maker because the california roll we ordered looked awful . it tasted okay , but there was something off about the presentation . the couple sitting behind us also had a problem with the california roll . we both ordered the tokyo chicken slaw and it took forever to get to our table . the chefs must still be learning how to make all of the dishes . we like going to eastwind because of the location and the food . now we 'll start going to cherry blossom more often for our japanese fix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a rainbow roll and spider roll . much smaller rolls . interesting setup you order like a fast food restaurant and the food comes out to you . i stood in front of the restaurant for like 10 minutes waiting to be seated and nobody came to help . then finally someone came in and knew what they were doing and just went up to the register in the middle of the room and ordered food like a mcdonalds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "adequate but not crave-worthy for my taste and weird discussion on phone - when ordering -- basically person on phone seemed to be completely unfamiliar with menu or ingredients", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work nearby so i was hoping for the best . uncomfortable bench seating . bizarre order at the front protocol . the place smelled like old people and looked dirty and unkempt so i knew off the bat that i would n't order any raw fish . if i could give zero stars , i would . the shrimp tempura roll was somehow gross due to the rice not being cooked right and the crab tasting fishy . yech the pad thai was downright disgusting . i 'm not sure why . too much fish sauce ? cold tofu on top that exploded with cold water when you take a bite . ( so freaking gross. ) . the shrimp tasted freezer burned . i did n't eat it and they did n't charge me thank god . oh boy . this place is bad . i feel bad for the nice guy who took my order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good sushi , cool decor , and efficient service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yikes ! i take back my last updated review . they changed ownership and it 's not good . : ( no more wait service . instead you awkwardly order at the counter . prices have gone up drastically ! pretty much the same menu but it tastes different . not nearly as flavorful . my sushi roll was quite sloppy . no booze ! booooooo . supposedly they are waiting on a liquor license but if i had a buzz i probably would have been much more forgiving of the experience . i will still give them 2 stars because the counter guy was nice and the food was edible . but it was a bad experience ... usually when my husband and i hit up their happy hour we pay under $ 25 for tasty nibbles and a few alcoholic beverages . this time our bill was almost $ 40 for similar items but not as tasty but without the booze and without table service . boooooooo !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the original eastwind is back ! the great food prices & higher quality ingredients are too . i 'm not going to lie , i was pretty disappointed at the previous ownership change . the prices were outrageous and the food tasted off , so i stopped going . now that it 's back to the real deal , i definitely recommend it as a casual dine in or take out . the bento boxes are the best deal if you want a variety .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love appetizers , especially asian appetizers ! my favorite thing to do is to split a bunch of appetizers . we do not eat sushi because of the rice , so we were delighted to see that they offered quite an array of other choices ! we ordered the giant shrimp spring rolls , duck egg rolls and tempura shrimp . the tempura shrimp was absolutely divine , but everything else lacked . the tempura were huge and a perfect crispy and light crunch ! the shrimp egg rolls were quite odd , a giant shrimp stuffed in a spring roll wrapper with a stalk of asparagus and drizzled with an unnecessary mango sauce . we took one bite and stopped ! the duck egg rolls tasted prefab and completely not worth the calories ! the place was quite busy , probably because of the happy hour specials . they seemed to have great deals on the sushi and assorted typical appetizers ( gyoza , edamame , pork egg rolls ) . we will definitely go back for the shrimp tempura , it was a steal at 3.75 for 3 pieces ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good when they get your order right . customer service is awful ! ! ! ! i used to be a regular customer , but thet last four times my order was wrong and they did nothing to fix it . the girl just said oh well maybe next time . oh well , there will be no next time ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here and was pleasantly surprised by the food , service , and prices . the place itself could use a makeover , as it even has christmas decor still up and it 's june ! but the food is very good ; had some sushi and a dinner salad . the family that seems to run the place is very attentive and friendly . i was n't at all disappointed and would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to go here years ago . my son recently got into sushi so we went for the first time in a long time . i used to get the tokyo chicken salad . they have renamed it . it is now called the tokyo chicken slaw . still yummy . and very reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eastwind is under new management & is excellent- we had a large group & everyone enjoyed their food ! we had a variety of salads , salmon , sushi & bento box- definitely worth trying again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eastwind is a regrettable experience which sushi enthusiasts should avoid . this most recent incarnation of this asian restaurant model is a significant downgrade from the quality delivered by the previous owners . looking for a small meal , we ordered three rolls : spicy tuna , spicy yellowtail , and a philly roll . the spicy tuna was passable , but the oiliness and lack of freshness of the spicy yellowtail was appalling . the color if the yellowtail was darker than i had ever seen before . the salmon in the philly roll was drab and lacked freshness flavor . there is no alcohol available at the moment , so you are well advised to head to the supermarket for sushi and japanese beer for a better experience . from an ambiance perspective , the place seemed dingier than i had remembered , with a two story ladder visible to many of the diners . eastwind used to represent decent sushi and fish veggies rice at a reasonable price . it no longer delivers that level of value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got the bento box . it was only $ 8.50 . what a deal . so much food , soup and salad too . boyfriend got the sushi great price but i have had better . still great value . food came out in minutes and service was fast and friendly . definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place , great prices ! clean , fresh & affordable . favorite roll so far , climax . salmon sushi was so tender & the spicy korean beef is excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "disregard the negative reviews of this establishment , it is hands down one of the best japanese restaurants in the phoenix area . the prices are amazing , their lunch specials are awesome , and the family that owns it is from japan , giving testament to the restaurant 's authenticity . eastwind is a great place to enjoy a healthy meal for cheap . i usually get the salmon bowl , which is perfect for eating clean . two fresh salmon filets , a healthy portion of broccoli , and rice . all for $ 8 bucks . additionally , i love the restaurant 's atmosphere . the music is always at a respectable level , and is typically jazz or japanese composition which i sincerely enjoy , as it complements the reading material that i bring with me . whether eating alone or with friends , eastwind is a great choice for lunch or dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the eastwind roll . i figured their signature roll which was priced above the rest would be good . it did n't taste awful but it was n't very good either . aside from the so-so taste , the roll had such a large diameter , it was fairly difficult to eat like conventional sushi . i 'm used to the same quantity being served as 2 smaller rolls side-by-side .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new ownership has this place going downhill fast . i predict a closure within the year . there are five different menus plastered on the counter and on the window where you used to be able to watch the guy make sushi . the lights and tv are turned off over one of the dining areas because `` no one sits there '' . i did n't want to say it 's because they do n't have enough business . i 'd write a longer review but the ac is turned off for some reason in late may and it 's getting uncomfortable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eastwind was pretty good , but not the same kind of dining experience as at cherry blossom ( they are run by the same company ) . eastwind is casual . you order at the counter and they deliver it to your table . the food was very tasty but it did n't have the same fair as cherry blossom . i would go back . it 's good for a quick meal ... but if i was going out with friends i would go to cherry blossom instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place really went downhill in the last few years . we will never go back . found a much better goto sushi place headed a little further south down tatum .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eastwind is back ! i 've seen the under new management banner for a week now and decided to give it another try . i am so glad i did . the veggies were fresh , the rolls were delicious and the miso was just as i remembered it . i will be back during happy hour to try it out again soon . so glad it 's back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it had been awhile . but we are regulars again . the sushi is tasty and fresh , the adult beverages are cold and the staff is on their game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here all the time ! it 's the epitome of a neighborhood sushi place : quiet , fast , and cheap . i always get the tuna roll ( force of habit ) and last time i got the typhoon roll . it was so good i decided to review . great for the money !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so glad the old owners are back ! it 's like you never left . a great neighborhood restaurant . love the food , the casual atmosphere and the great staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like seafood tacos and burritos this is the best sushi you will ever have ! ! ! enjoy ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not as good as when it used to be tokyo express ... i do n't care for the sit-down style it has now . it has become scottsdale-ized ... which is a bad thing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay new owners are back . food is good again ! prices and portions almost too good - makes me feel bad a little .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too shabby ! when i 'm working in phoenix , i come here at least once to eat . its not the best japanese food , but to me this satisfies my asian hunger . i always get the nagasaki . i love the crunchy noodles with the sauce on top . it 's the best with some vinegar on top . also this is like the only place that serve mugicha ( barley tea ) . mugicha is one of my favorite teas ! its nice to have a cold glass of mugicha on a hot phoenix summer day . for all the newbees out there , please do not drink mugicha with sugar ... japanese tea is not meant to be mixed with sugar !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i feel bad for this place , i just ate a chicken bowl and my stomach is gurgling , not a good sign . when i was here 5 years ago , the food was great . now its basically teriyaki bowls and sushi . things are more expensive now , rivalling stingray , which is worth the price . the atmosphere is cluttered with obnoxious signs everywhere in bright colors , the menu is glued to the counter with plastic covering it . i felt like i was in tijuana ! the counter help even called my order to the kitchen in spanish ! not a good sign . there were also three tv 's with three different things playing ... at least they have china mist tea . it is the only thing worth ordering , sorry to say .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we love this place for a quick dinner . the prices are totally reasonable and the food quality is really good . the waiters take good care of us and we go back all the time . regular sushi restaurants can be very expensive eastwind is not and again the quality is great , their menu is varied and the beer is cold and not overpriced . highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great dinner here the other night and planning on stopping by tonight as well . we did not visit this place before bc reviews were so poor . i saw the `` opening under original owners sign '' and decided to give it a whirl . staff was friendly and attentive , food is prices reasonably ( awesome happy hours ) . food was wonderful . we had a few sushi rolls and a beef dish that was spicy , like we like it ! bringing the kids next time for pad thai . try it , you 'll be glad you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch spot ! i 've come here a few times over the years with mixed experiences , but i payed $ 13 for 5 wings , a side salad , and a huge delicious bowl of noodles . i tried the tan tan and they were definitely spicy but in the best way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the current rating of three stars . came here with my wife and two small children for our weekly sushi dinner . first off , just a warning , if you have small children , bring your own crayons and activities . they do not have any . the sushi came out fast , but was mediocre . the female waitress seemed like we were a burden to her . i get it , it 's cool for 20 's year olds to act like they do n't care about anything , but come on , step up your game . the happy hour prices were ok , best value i found was $ 1.99 kirin draft . there are a handful of sushi joints around this neighborhood , i think i 'll go try a different one before heading back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . new management and the sushi quality has improved . excellent lunch combo for 2 under $ 20 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is dirty and the staff could n't even speak to me except to ask `` for here or to go '' and to tell me my total . no hello , your welcome , thank you , nothing . on top of that , the sushi want very good and they do n't serve beer or saki .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been going here for years and absolutely love it . very reasonable prices and overall good sushi . their happy hour is amazing ! ! if you 're looking for a quiet , dependable and cheap place for good sushi this is your place . i usually get the southwest roll ( i think ) , it 's the cali roll with sake and avacado on top , absolutely delicious : ) toss it back with some great sake bombers and i 'm a happy girl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "original owners are back ! the prices are what they were ! it 's cleaned up and uncluttered and a great place once again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi here is pretty good . i ordered a garden salad , seaweed salad , gyoza steamed , pork egg rolls , shrimp tempura roll , rainbow roll , tootsie roll and the california crunch roll all to go ! it was not all for just me ! ! ! when i ordered , the pork egg rolls were on happy hour and i did n't get charged for them . however , somehow during the ordering process and numerous read backs , i somehow got 2 tootsie rolls ordered . whatever . i paid and left . so the seaweed salad was on point . the garden salad was huge ! ! ! i expected one of the small to go containers to have it , but it was the large one ! ! came with the typical ginger dressing x2 . the gyoza was pleasantly good . the wrapping was cooked well and was n't too thick . you had the option of fried or steamed . pork egg rolls were good . the other sushi rolls were good as well . some obvious hiccups , but i would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty standard sushi and teriyaki bowls ... good and enjoyable and a place we eat at once in a while . super friendly staff ... you order your food at counter and have a seat ... they bring the food to ya when its ready . very casual but a good choice for lunch . i usually get a combo of teriyaki chicken with california roll ... hubby likes some sort of noodle dish but food is good and is delivered piping hot . nothing spectacular but it is good.a", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent carpet cleaning service . provided email confirmation of appointment , technicians called ahead of time and cleaned a large living room , two hallways and stairs in 30 minutes . carpet has not been cleaned in ten years and they made it look like new and removed all stains . prices were also very reasonable , this was my first time hiring a carpet cleaning service , thus i ca n't compare their performance to others , but will use again . also based on the low rates probably will make carpet cleaning an annual item rather than every 10 years , no need to live with filthy carpets that can be professionally cleaned for around $ 100 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the first time i 've professionally had my carpets cleaned . the owner himself came to do the estimate . he 's a chatty one , but certainly nice . even though my coupon was n't valid for the service i was having done , he gave me a discount . one man came to clean the carpets ; he was quick ! he did a good job , put the furniture that could n't be moved up on plastic coaster things and he even left us with a small bottle of spot stain remover the the kitty puke that inevitably happens . alot ... . i 'd use this company again and do n't think i 'd have a problem recommending them . they may be slightly higher in price than your stanley steamer service , but for the personalized care you get it is worth a couple extra bucks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service . always shows up on time . brian is efficient and hardworking . i actually had to call and reschedule several times and wes was very gracious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this really is a beautiful store . i did n't know much about it before they opened up shop here ( they just opened a few months ago ) . as far as i know , they are the only alex and ani in pa . there are some other places that sell their stuff , but this is the only actual full store in pa. their biggest seller is their bangles , although they do have rings , necklaces , and earrings i believe , as well as some leather bags , candles , and scarves . i like this place ... i buy stuff here for my mom sister friends and they always love it . i 'll usually end up wanting to buy like six or seven different things , so it will add up quickly , but for the most part , their stuff is pretty affordable , and i like that it is hand made in the us . the staff is always very welcoming and willing to help you with suggestions on what to pair together , or answer any other questions for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot of people consider alex and ani products to be basic . but , i like a lot of what they carry . i have a product ( red ) bangle charm bracelet that i adore . especially since a percentage of all product ( red ) goes to fight hiv aids in africa . i 've been to a few of their locations but this one in shadyside is by far my favorite . i 'm able to walk from home , the associates are amazing and do n't push anything on you . the selection is fantastic , you 're sure to find something for yourself or as a gift in all price ranges .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited alex and ani ( ah-nee ) on walnut street in shadyside recently in search of gifts for my mom and sister . i was greeted warmly by a pretty bangle-clad girl that helped me through my shopping experience by explaining the different meanings of the charms adorning their different products ( bangles , necklaces , rings , even candles ) . i eventually settled on a few different bangles and a candle . i enjoyed the positive energy of the store and will likely come back for gifts for my female friends and family , especially since my mom and sister are now hooked . guys , if you 're looking for classy and affordable gift ideas for the ladies in your life , then do yourself a favor and take a trip to alex and ani . p.s . - everything is made in the usa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's always nice being able to get instant gratification and not have to wait for an online purchase to arrive , and that , coupled with the kind service here are the reasons why we come back . the staff has always been hospitable , helpful and knowledgeable . it 's nice to be able to find what you are looking for with ease and someone who is a pleasure to deal with . like all alex and ani prices , they are consistent here and more than fair . i will continue to shop here and recommend it to others as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was so excited that an actual alex and ani store opened in pittsburgh and could n't wait to go ! finally made it a point to stop in and see what the store had to offer rather than just purchasing my bangles online.. what a bust . so much product was picked over , which i understand to a point because of the holidays , but then they did n't have any boxes or bags ! ! after spending at least $ 80 in product , do n't tell me to go to the next store over to buy a box bag . you purchase them and give me something to care my new jewelry in ! i do n't plan on wasting my time going back unless i need a quick gift . the three stars are for the products and store itself . sorry alex and ani , but maybe i set my expectations too high .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kind of rude in there . went in to by around $ 300 worth of items and no one even acknowledged my presence . there were two other customers in there being helped by both women working there , but not even a welcome we 'll be right with you . i saw what i needed to see and just bought online . unfortunate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this alex and ani location . this was my first time going to the store . everyone is very friendly and wants to help you . i think i got greeted by every worker and asked if i was doing okay needed help by them throughout the whole time i was there . the girl who helped us was very nice and helpful . she was n't pushy and gave honest opinions on items i was debating on . she was very patient as well , i looked for a little bit at different charms where she had to keep taking them out of the drawer and putting them back . i now have my first alex and ani bracelet that i received as a gift and i loved it ! i definitely will be back to this location , i believe it might actually be the only alex and ani store in pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in before dinner to get my daughter a surprise birthday present . the young lady behind the counter was so nice and so helpful i am really sorry i did n't get her name . the place is right on walnut in shady side so it 's easy to get to . the parking garage is right across the street on bellefonte . the selection is excellent and my little girl was very happy ... we 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here with a friend and played the role of birthday gift consultant , and let me tell you it was tons of fun ! as soon as we walked into the store , we were greeted by two of the friendliest associates who were eager to please and help ( we were the only two people in the store at the time ) . all of the jewelry is organized by type and symbol . i have alex & ani jewelry but did n't know that it had deeper meanings . well , when you walk into this store you ca n't miss the wall of symbols and their meanings . this birthday shopping trip was easy and painless thanks to those wonderful associates !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like the store , however , i had a bracelet to exchange and the check out person was extremely rude ! did n't even acknowledge that i was in existence ! ! ! will never go out of my way to shop here again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my business goes to gifted !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hmm i ve never been so confused about writing a review before . this place is scabby , the coffee i was served was cold filter coffee . though i think this is the whole idea about forest cafe , an edinburgh cbgb 's more poetic rather then punk rock . there is a tension in the air here , a political and spiritual tension . i feel a lot of sadness , frustration and anger at the forest and i ca n't say i felt very comfortable here but can see how people feeling the same seek out each other to fight internal struggles and injustice in the society . they say that a messy room is a messy mind , maybe some passion to make good drinks and food would do good here , after all it is in human nature to seek out good food if we can . though this is just my opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "'if you turned lesbian , i 'd turn lesbian too.. ' the tone was set by the band 's opening line at the forest cafe . it 's all a little strange . and quirky . and hipster . i am partial to all these things . on valentine 's day they have 'my heart goes boom , boom , ribbit , ribbit - love for frogs . ' it said so on a poster . i have no idea what this entails but it sure adds to the mystery that the forest cafe exudes . i think i 'd quite like to sit here with a tea when i 'm in edinburgh . it 's all very creative and artsy . but 3 stars because the service was exceptionally slow and i think the live music ( if as silly as it was when i was there ! ) may have you wishing for a quieter spot to drink and chat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time visiting in this location and found it to be as cheap and cheerful as expected . people seemed oddly fascinated by a dansette record player but otherwise all pretty normal . when coffee 's this tasty you do n't need it tarted up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great community here- they host all kinds of activities from documentary film releases , to inky fingers writing groups , to whatever people want to share with others . just sitting there for any fingers to fondle are three typewriters , glinting with invitation to let the mechanical sound remind the writer how much machination goes into their own work . i had a drip coffee , which was eh , but i hear the food is nice . they happened to be making a soup and cutting onions , which i am allergic to , so my eyes were burning and i could not keep them open . i do n't usually like to cry in public , but this was unavoidable , as my eyes were running trying to get the noxious fumes out . it is also run by volunteers , so thank to the lovely folks who make this possible !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times and each time have felt right at home ! i loved the whole vibe of the place , reminiscent of places i used to go to in california ( bay area . ) i also love supporting a non profit vegan vegetarian cafe . its artsy , experimental and the food is really tasty ! we hung out in it for a good while at lunch today , my toddler completely at home dancing around to depeche mode . the funky ambiance , toys , games , free boxes full of clothes , random objects . i loved that the guy next to us was creating this glittery poster and glueing together a wee ceramic duck . the space is just so open and embracing to whatever you may need . you have the guy doing the art next to the dude on his laptop doing his thing and us doing our thing all at the same time in complete harmony . i really enjoy these types of places and feel sad that there arent more of them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice idea , poor execution . i like the idea of a volunteer run , enviro focused place , however there are some basic cafe requirements people tend to look for : -good coffee -reliable wifi -space to work lounge . forest is trying on points 2 & 3 but does not hit the mark on any .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here many times to get some lunch . falafel meal is nice , vegan chilli is great , a variety of food . really love the place although sometimes the wait can be a tad long . really hope it 'll last a long time , and maybe even expand . the decor and furniture are colourful and cosy , plus sometimes there 's free bread . looking forward to the many times i 'll be back : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simple and cosy it 's a simple small cafe , dedicated to a environmental cause . the coffee is regular , the carrot cake was vegan and very good . it has a great atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it gets hard as a single lady to knock out some of the simple jobs that a man around the house would be good for . i love the service- they are professional , honest and a good value . making an appt is easy , the come do a free estimate and then if you want the work done , charge a fee for service and whatever the cost of supplies parts are . no mark up . i recommend them all the time to the household that lacks the fix it skills in house and always hear good feedback . i am happy to say that i always feel that fix only what is needed , recommend without pressure any additional work , and fix and clean up quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had four or five small jobs that we needed done after a recent home inspection for the sale of our house . dave from handyman connection was great . charged us exactly what he quoted us . he made sure during and after each job he did to explain what he did and how he did it . they were on time , professional and reasonably priced . not only that , they were a one stop shop . instead of having to hire an electrician and a plumber , we just called handyman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used the handyman connection today for the first time and was very impressed . i read some other reviews where people had complaints , but they clearly did n't have rob . rob was punctual ( early actually but he called to make sure it would n't inconvenience us ) , professional and did the job for less than he originally quoted because he was able to finish sooner than expected . the drywall work he did was top notch and i would definitely call again as long as rob was available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hc is my go to for the jobs i ca n't do myself . reliable , but not cheap . i try to make the most of their time at my house . i have not been disappointed over the years i have used them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used hc for installing a new door and putting a dog door in it . they bought all the materials , got it done on time and under estimate . rob was super helpful , honest and reliable . i will use them again for a few more projects i have down the road for sure . i was out of town during the work and trusted rob to be in my home while we were away . i felt very secure with the staff and was impressed with the quick and professional communication along the way . great work and great service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got a number of repairs done to my apartment - water heater , toilet , closet door , electrical stuff , etc . randy did an awesome job . he worked after hours to make sure everything was fixed well . when my water heater and electricity went out this morning , i thought for sure i would have to sleep at a friend 's house tonight , but handyman connection contacted me quickly ( after my landlord hired them ) and accommodated my schedule . i could n't get home from work until 5:30 pm , but randy was nice enough to wait to make the fixes then . he stayed until late to get everything working . i 'm so incredibly happy that i can stay at home tonight . everything works well . randy was professional , friendly , and pleasant to chat with as he made the fixes . i definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a complete gut & remodel of our guest bath . our team of tony , mike , brandon , tracy and ron did what can only be described as a perfect job in this remodel . not only was each man professional at his specialty , but they each had interesting personalities so it was fun ( no really ! ) having them in our home . each called prior to arrival every day to confirm when they 'd be there ; they were always on time . allen , the owner , was super easy to work with and is quite the ringmaster of this very impressive show . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we worked with allen who gave us a quote to turn our three wall office into a bedroom . once we agreed on a price ( very fair compared to other quotes we received ) , his crew came out and framed the forth wall , created a closet , laid hardwood floors , and installed a door all within a couple days ! i could n't believe how fast his guys moved . these guys are on the ball . oh , did i mention they came in on budget too ? ? highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had two different jobs taken care of by handyman connection . it is a good service in that they set you up with the appropriate handyman for a particular skill set . the work was done well although the first job was part inside and part outside , the job got spread out over a week when it should have been done in less than two days . the second job took less than two hours . the gentleman was very professional and got to the root of my electrical problem in my utility room , albeit with some help from me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they sent a new person to fix the other employees poor workmanship on the dog door . new person did an excellent job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used handyman connection to have a bridge made . it came out perfect . a year later , i noticed some of the wood had rotted . called owner , allen hopkins . he listened , sent someone out , who replaced rails with cedar wood . looks great ! great service and clean up was very professional", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had glass tub shower doors installed , as well as front door and interior door hardware installation too . big shout out to greg hancock , their craftsman . was in touch before arriving ; showed up on time , assessed the needs , quoted a fair price , and got to work . no muss no fuss ; he worked through all the written instructions on the shower door and installed it efficiently and perfectly . he was pleasant and knew his stuff really well . i highly recommend this company , especially greg hancock . every home owner needs to rely on a company they can trust to do stuff like this , without worry of a bad job , a craftsman who does n't know his stuff , or ridiculously rip-off worthy prices . here they are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i bought a car there and it was a nightmare ! they sold it as a low miles good running car it was a lemon . we had it back several times and always excuses . it finally blew up for good less than 6 months after we bought it . they are dishonest to the point of they super glued the glove box handle back on and tried to cover up the smell saying windows were open to let it dry after shampooing . it was n't shampooed yet the other guy told me that . ridiculous ! they are crooks ... watch out ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only positive reviews are from the owners personal friends from other dealerships . i bought a car here is immediately had to bring it back due to overheating , not only did they give me crap about it but also made me wait 8 days to get it back from a simple 2 hour repair ! no apology nothing . tom acted like they deserved a bunch of credit for bringing the vehicle to sell-able condition then told me the filled the a c replaced this and that , etc but then a few months later a c stops blowing cold , took it to the shop . the repair shop said they only put enough in to make it run cold for a while but did n't really fill it . do n't go here or you 'll get cheated then insulted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not buy a car here . i dealt with tom and i was extremely close to buying a car from his lot . someone that knew of the car connection warned me that they have a very sketchy operation going on so i had the car taken down to a mechanic . the mechanic looked at it and told me to not buy the car . please if you ever want to buy a car from there , get it checked out ... or just go somewhere else . this mistake cost me $ 500 because i put a $ 500 deposite down before i got the car checked by a mechanic . i guess you just cant trust anyone anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just bought a car from tom . i drove all the way from la . the car was exactly was described . price was just right . there was no hard sell here . they were great . i recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i spoke to tom , and he took care of us . we did n't buy a car from him , yet . he was so unbelievably honest with us about the truck we wanted to test drive , and about our credit and what he could do for us . no bs from him . when the time is right , we will be buying our vehicles from him . if you want a straight shooter , go see tom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been buying cars for 31 years . i have had many . i have been so happy with everybody here , i have purchased 2 , high quality used cars here . the owner 's and staff are like no other . they will go to the ends of the earth to give you an honest , fair deal with no hidden stuff . i will never , buy any other vehicle i own in my lifetime , unless it 's from here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long story short . about $ 8 to clean and press a brand new dress shirt . no stains , not repairs . this should be about the cheapest service a dry cleaners could offer . at $ 8 shirt i 'd be afraid to take anything else to these guys . way too expensive in my opinion . r", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place sucks , big time . i have given them numerous chances now . first off , they charge an arm and a leg for dry cleaning . i paid neraly $ 10 per shirt on my last visit . really ? ! are youy f & ^ % ing kidding me ? ! second , they did n't even have my clothes ready on time . nor were they there the day after they were supposed to be ready . garbage service . third , they just stink at alterations . got a pair of pants hemmed there those pants are now suitable for a dwarf . that 's three strikes sun king - see ya never !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes , it is suuuuper expensive . my old cleaner a block away was about $ 2.25 a dress shirt , and these guys charge over $ 5 . they do do a very nice job , with collar spaces and clips of a dry cleaning nature . apparently they do offer free pick up and delivery , but i 'm too afraid to try it , lest there be even more surcharges . the decor is nice , they are efficient , and they have free candies , so that ought to count for something ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used sun king exclusively for a couple years and considered myself a loyal customer . then i dropped off a bag that included a brand new designer zip up sweater that i loved . what was returned to me was a very old , cheap sweater several sizes larger than me with buttons . i brought the sweater back when i discovered it and was told that they had made no mistake , that was the sweater i had dropped off . it most certainly was not ! they intimated that i was trying to put one over on them . i am a high earning successful professional and their response was a little shocking . i never went back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just tried this company 's delivery service . the service is quite poor . the guy on the phone talks a lot , cuts you off and really accomplishes nothing but waste your time and talk in circles . my issue this time was that they over promised and under delivered and tried to up sell me on specialty items . my items were delivered late and as a result i could not take them home for christmas which was my only request . burned for the second time . avoid this place and go anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the gilded girl is one of my versions of heaven ! finding myself in pittsburgh , i needed to check out this lovely shop that had been featured on news media as a `` must visit '' for cosmetic fanatics . upon entering , i could see that this was worthy praise . the store is beautifully decorated with antique dressers , crystal chandeliers , and delicate knickknacks that transport you to luxe boudoir . i was looking for a couple products that day , and i was helped to find items that matched my skin tone and needs . i could n't resist picking up a few christmas stocking-stuffers , as well . overall , the gilded girl is a fun stop for makeup and beauty product gluttons ( such as myself ) , and or those looking to purchase girly gifts of delicious soaps , nail stamps , neatly decorated containers , and the like ! enjoy , ladies ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're a makeup product junkie , this is the store for you . the gilded girl has product lines you ca n't find anywhere else in pittsburgh . it 's a great place to find a gift for anyone , but especially for those women who are hard to buy for because they `` have everything . '' you 'll find plenty to buy for yourself while you 're there , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the variety is wonderful , and the items are not like those available everywhere . i appreciated the fact that i was warmly greeted and then left to peruse at my own pace without anyone asking questions or pushing me . when i had a question , the owner was immediately available and ready . i ca n't wait to go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i recently stopped into gilded girl just to check it out while i was shopping around my neighborhood ! i have to be honest with the fact that i did n't really think it was going to be as great at it is ! wow ! there are so many amazing products to try ! i wanted to stop and smell sample everything ! i really hope people start going to gilded girl for their product needs ! the ladies working were also really cheerful and nice ! my friend and i were giggling with them the entire time we looked around . it also seems like they took careful consideration when selecting the brands they keep in the store . if i had one criticism , it would be that i did n't really see too many things for men as far as skin care is concerned . i was with a male friend and i did n't get to really delve into the experience because he had nothing to occupy himself with . but that is minor to me because that is just an excuse for me to go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is fabulous for people looking for high quality , cruelty free cosmetics and skincare products . it 's an adorable storefront in upper lawrenceville that is run by a very friendly and knowledgeable lady . if you 're having a makeup or skin issue liz quesnelle will be able to help . the products are great - they offer everything from soap to fragrance . and they offer classes in the evening that are fun and informative . i now know how to do a great smokey eye thanks to the gilded girl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the moment i walked into this shop , i was smitten . everything is beautiful , from the displays that are artfully set up to the celestial wallpaper lining the back wall . i felt like i was in a beauty wonderland . each and every item was a gem ; it 's obvious a lot of thought goes into selecting what comes in . many of the products are from england , some from france , others made in america . as i spoke with the very warm and friendly owner , she told me of plans to branch out to icelandic ( yes ! ) and south korean ( yes ! ) beauty lines . she is also very adamant about making everything possible to sample . i swatched so . many . lipsticks . i found a new favorite brand here : winky lux ! i may in fact become addicted to the lip velour i bought ! seriously , i am so pleased with my experience here . i highly recommend this gorgeous shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been visiting in sun city west for close to 20 years and went to hole n one for the first time today . looking for a breakfast place and found this on yelp . very good service , food was also very good , loved the corned beef hash , eggs were cooked to perfection . only negative ... called restaurant and marty answered phone . because of construction remodeling in mall could n't find restaurant . i queried if they were open and he replied 'why would n't we ' . i explained i 'd never been there and could n't find restaurant , he gave directions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the main hangouts in scw for the locals . not one of my personal favorites food wise . everything tasted bland . in fact , i 've had a lot better breakfasts at a few of the local golf courses . the staff however is wonderful . everyone was really friendly , and quick , i did n't have to ask to have my water refilled once . too bad about the food though , or this could be a very good local spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the lunch dinner food here is average on good days , but i think their breakfast is really good . their pancakes are fluffy and buttery : ) and if i remember correctly , you can order breakfast anytime of day . the wait staff is usually pretty good , but i can remember a couple of times my grandfather did n't think they were very good ( he is notoriously impatient though ) . this is one of my favorite restaurants near sun city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been to hole 'n one for breakfast , but i 've been many , many times . it 's just about my favorite breakfast place in the surprise , scw area . the wait staff is outstanding ! ! friendly and efficient at the same time . the omelets are great , and the hash browns are the best . the blackberry jam is so good you want to just eat it with a spoon . since i 'm not a really early person , i love the fact that they serve breakfast late . i 'd send anyone to hole 'n one for breakfast . one of these days i 'm going to go for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for breakfast on a busy saturday morning , about 9 am . food was delivered fast and hot . omelette was big as the plate . homemade jam for toast and the cinnamon role was divine ! ! ! ! service was excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dated restaurant with okay food . service good by some down right awful by others . checked out food going to other tables looked good . the toast used for my club sandwich while lacking color was over cooked . the use of two small toothpicks to hold the sandwich together pissed me off as after removing the one i saw i grabbed sandwich and when taking a bite got nailed in the nose with the pick sticking out the other side . 1 long pick would be sufficient and much safer especially to the unknowing traveler who stated , `` i 've never been here before ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the new item on the menu is bbq . marty has nailed it . smokey , meaty and great prices . definitely worth a visit or two .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mom takes me here all the time . it 's the best down home comfort type food place in sun city west . that said , it happens that it 's a pretty good place to begin with . the staff are always friendly and the service is always prompt . the food is hot and fresh and the portions are generous given the prices . in addition to the traditional cafe type breakfasts lunches and dinner they also have their own smoker . and they know how to use it . delicious melt in your mouth brisket and pulled pork that is mouthwatering and a variety of sides included with the bbq dinners . the bbq sauce is on the sweet side but if you add a little tabasco , it heats up nicely . oh . so you know , this place can get pretty busy at times . so . be prepared . i guess you could say i 'm a new `` regular '' . thanks marty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found this place online and decided to try it out ... what a cute restaurant . the people were all nice , and the food was extremely good . we are from cali , but plan on coming back to az . at the end of sept. and plan on coming back to the place . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is usually ok but the service is awful-they fool around too much-owner not friendly-last time i went there waited 40 minutes still no food-i walked out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there for breakfast . we knew it has been a local favorite for years and wanted to give it a try . the food and service was adequate but nothing special . we prefer other local spots to this one and probably wo n't rush back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had lunch here with the in-laws today . highlights : the wait staff is awesome . fast , friendly , fun ; everyone here is on it . lowlights : the food . it 's not terrible , but kind of meets expectations of a diner in a strip mall . weak coffee , white bread , smaller portions , nothing was particularly great . nothing really sucked ; but was just mediocre . they must be doing something right , it was crowded and my in-laws like it . i 'd rather go without eating than visit here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . marty the owner is always there to greet you . the waitstaff is excellent and their breakfast cook is top notch . the communal table is great to listen to- retired guys talking politics , gossip , whatever . breakfast are awesome , crispy hashbrowns and amazing biscuits and gravy . one of favorite breakfast places anywhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute place , large portions and like home cooking . kind of like an old fashioned restaurant . would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good prices , friendly staff . the denver omelet was n't an omelet but a scrambled conglomeration . was n't very tasty , and needed salt . liver & onions - tasty tender liver , but cole slaw and beans were too sweet . had to wait to pay bill as the cashier was also busy seating people . it would be nice to have a hostess separate from the cashier during the busy noon hour . probably will not return", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best ! fluffy eggs , perfect bacon . people are friendly . came here for breakfast on gameday . go seahawks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diner fare served with great customer service . our group all had standard breakfasts and all were good . customer service excellent . maybe only critique would be coffee upgrade ? would go again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great and the service was quick and super friendly . this will become one of our go-to breakfast spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good breakfast joint . in sun city", "score": "4"}
{"review": "large serving of soup as a side is a plus . good turkey burger . convenient cafe close by - handy for a quick lunch . pleasant staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have gone to holeinone several times , but have not been overwhelmed by the cleanliness . tonight i was in the mood for french onion soup and consulted yelp for great and best onion soup lo , behold hole in one garnered four red stars for onion soup , so we decided to try again . our waitressses were prompt , but not only did they not have french onion soup , they could n't remember when they served it . we settled for split pea soup ( good ) a half salad for her , and liver and onions with corn for me . liver tough , corn a 1 3 cob of soppy kerrnals . the half salad was.priced one buck less than a full.salad ; something we were n't warned about . on merit , our experience will keep us away from this outfit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is what a traditional american coffee shop style restaurant is supposed to be . there 's a golf course theme in the simple , clean dinningroom . the food is old fashioned-mom's-cookin ' yummy . the breakfast menu is served all day . the portions are nice sized . there are daily `` specials '' offered at both breakfast and on the after twelve o'clock menu . i think what makes this place stand out , though , is the wait- staff . the wait staff are efficient , friendly , helpful - the boss must treat them right , because there has been very little change in the staff . while efficiently serving , they also take the time to become familiar with the `` regulars . '' the main clientele base is made up of the over 60 crowd since it 's located in scw . this is n't a dinner-by-candlelight , fancy restaurant - it 's good food at a good price served by friends . personally - that 's what i like .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this cafe in a strip mall as we were driving around looking for a place to have breakfast . we decided to take a chance and walked into a surprisingly packed packed restaurant for a tuesday morning . we had coffee on the table within minutes and a smiling friendly server handing us menus . delicious food , great portions , crispy hash browns ... excellent . a must for breakfast . they serve lunch , but we are hooked on breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very very busy . i had the blueberry pancakes with eggs and ham . my five year old not only ate all of his food he kept stealing pieces of my pancakes . he told me they were the greatest pancakes he ever had lol . great blueberry syrup with blueberries on top .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greeted by marty , service was fast and efficient , food was hot and exactly what i ordered . there was plenty on the plate to share with my son and left overs ! great joyous conversations taking place around us . good family environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid all-american coffee shop . consistent , friendly breakfast spot . very popular , especially after church services on sunday ! booths and tables . clean room of rest too ! good for groups , reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this place ! food is great , staff is friendly . marty is a number one ! waffles are the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical coffee shop fair except when it comes to the bbq ribs . well smoke with a nice bark and really tasty sauce . if yo live in sun city west why travel for good bbq ribs . stay close and enjoy some nice tasting fair", "score": "4"}
{"review": "typical cafe fare , service has always been good , the food is good though i 'm pretty sure they use some premade soups and salad dressings . we go about niece every two weeks , have had both breakfast and dinner . it is a quick , dependable little restaurant , gets busy for breakfast !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very pleased with the service and food quality and quantity . very busy at times so be prepared to wait . not fancy , but it does n't matter . logically priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here every time we 're in town visiting the in-laws . its not fancy but the breakfasts are always tasty , delivered as ordered , and the homemade jam is yummy . we 've never had anything but friendly service and servers who come back many times to make sure all is well and your coffee cup is full .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a local hangout in scw . justly famous for their good food and friendly service . today i had the grilled ham and cheese sandwich with sweet potato fries . the sandwich had so much thinly sliced ham ( real ham , not lunch meat ) that i had to look inside to make sure it had cheese as well ! it did and was delicious . the sweet potato fries are house made and the best ever . they bear no relation to those krinkle cut sweet potato fries one sees most places . service is always friendly and prompt . little extras include things like their own homemade blackberry jam . we drop by for lunch at least once on every trip to scw .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bbq . ribs were smoky and tangy . the pork sandwich was moist and tasty . baked potato was cooked perfectly . nice potato salad and baked beans . great prices . we will be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wan na go back in time to the 60 's ? good burgers and fries and a great place for breakfast . good service and you 'll be surprised when you get your check - almost 1960 prices ! not really , but cheap eats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , the best breakfast in sun city west . hone 'n one is a definite throwback to a time when local eateries were more common and when you walked in the door , you knew what to expect . good down to earth basics with people who work and run the establishment as if they were happy to see you . marty is always around checking on things and if you are looking for a no-nonsense good meal , this must be the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jd was very easy to work with and professional . my car looks great - great attention to detail . would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad customer service . i left a voicemail a week ago and another today . seems like you can only reach them when they want to answer . wont do business with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the second time i have used sleek image to detail my vehicles . both times have been excellent ! the owner jd is very involved in the process and always follows up . they were on time both times and their communication is very good . nathan has done both details and he is very polite and very good at his job . this is definitely not just a car wash . they clean every nook and cranny . i will be using them every time i get my vehicles detailed . thanks jd !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found j.d . and sleek image on yelp , and i am so glad i did ! i have a classic car ( 1968 camaro ss convertible ) , and i really needed someone to treat her with care . j.d . was responsive and professional , and he followed up with me for a booking when he said he would . j.d . was able to get an appointment set up within 3 business days , and he and his crew showed up early in the morning - exactly on time - at my convenience before i headed off to work . j.d . followed up after the job was complete and sent me pictures so that i could see their work immediately . finally , j.d . 's cost quote was even a bit lower than quotes i had received from similar companies . i will definitely use sleek image again , and i will definitely recommend to anyone who asks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jd did an amazing job on my recently purchased used 2007 bmw . the workmanship was spot on , he was honest with his recommendation , competitive with his pricing and even went above and beyond to include some additional work he did n't have to do . he even was able to accommodate me having to have a separate company come in and replace my rear windshield moldings . i elected to go with a package that included sealant , touch up paint on some chips i had and also added an engine and interior clean . very very happy with the way my car came out i can even trust him to do a short-detail and wash at a very competitive price compared to other shops or car washes . did i mention that he is mobile too and will come to your home or office ! ! id recommend jd to anyone , even though his shop is tough to find , once you do , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jd did an incredible job on both of my vehicles . you can tell they took their time on each vehicle paying attention to all the little details . this is not a standard detail service like you would find at a car wash . they take a little longer because they make sure everything is top notch before turning the vehicle back over to you . my cars had been punished by a full season of colorado winter driving , when i got them back they were brought back to life . thanks jd !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with jd was fantastic and i highly recommend you visit him . i needed a detail before selling my car and i was able to get it in quickly . he had recommended i do some work with the headlights because they were insanely foggy and you could n't get much light out of them . i had paid 3 ... three ... other shops who recommended the same stuff and had just resigned to thinking that the plastic was just too old & needed replaced so i told him not to worry about it . the car looked fantastic when i picked it up and he had done `` a little '' to the headlights ... the difference was incredible and he did n't even charge me . honest , hardworking , small business right down the street . jd is the man and i 'll be visiting more frequently now that i have my nicer car . really appeciate it jd !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jd did an awesome job detailing a truck to sell . worked with our schedule to make drop off and pick up a breeze . the truck looked amazing and was picked up by a car lot as a straight purchase ( no trade or other deal ) . very impressed with the work and professional communication .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jd was recommended to me by a golfing friend . what a great find . they come to my house and detail my cars - better yet the pricing is fair and competitive ! ! if you want your car to shine - call jd and sleek image . dan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sleek image detailing is an answer to the `` car wash '' nightmares ! i have never had such well maintained cars and been so pleased with the services offered ! jd the owner makes sure you are happy each and every time you receive a service ... each service from a car wash to a complete detail never disappoints ! they are trustworthy ... .i ca n't say enough great things about this company . i recommend them to everyone who comments about how clean my cars are to people who complain about how dirty their car is ! i say use them ! they come right to your home or place of business ! thankful to know this company ! way to go sleek !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had sleek image detail my toy hauler trailer . they added clear coat to held the finish last and did an outstanding job . i was so pleased with their outstanding job that i then had them do all three of my vehicles ... and they were quite dirty to start with . they did an amazing job , inside and out , on both white and black vehicles , and it 's really hard to get a black car to be swirl free ! they are very professional , easy to deal with , and do an amazing job . i would highly recommend their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used jd for all 4 of my cars . job turns out right and his crew knows what they are doing . my cars are anywhere from 2 to 12 years old and they always come looking like the could be on front line on any dealers lot . i keep up on my cars and jd is just an excellent resource to have if you want your paint looking great for the life of your vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service matched the quality of the work . it was fantastic ! have n't seen the car look that good since we bought it . definitely coming back and i encourage anyone in the phoenix tempe area to consider sleek image when looking for a place to get there vehicle cleaned up . i did n't use the service but they do engine cleaning as well for those getting ready to sell their ride", "score": "5"}
{"review": "j.d. & son did an awesome job repairing my bumper an windshield chips ! an did it in one day ! i 'm very please with the results . especially with the price they charge me ! they are legit ! check out my before an after pictures . awesome : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used sleek image for the first time yesterday . i was pleasantly surprised how well things went and what a great job they did on my truck . i have had a lot of details and this is definitely one of the best ! great people , great service and quality work ! i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sleek image is wonderful ! they have been detailing my vehicle for years and today they did a front bumper repair ... deep scratch ... it 's gone , looks beautiful . highly recommend this company ... they are on time , confirm appointment day before and quality workmanship . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jd did a really good job on my auto detailing . he stepped in to the job and you can expect the best if the company 's owner does it . i highly recommend this place rather than going to a big car wash corporate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "couple weeks ago had my truck totally detailed and the work was excellent . today , because of recent storms , they washed it inside and again , the work is great . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm here right now . on a late wednesday night this makes a good study spot for the university student cramming for exams , too lazy to travel downtown to a late night cafe . it 's not bright enough to pore over handwritten notes , but decent enough for laptop work . dimly lit and mediocre internet radio music aside , the servers are friendly , polite and will let you work in peace . i had the mango crepe and a blueberry cheesecake -- both were surprisingly good ! they have a pretty decent menu , with tons of coffee options . the cinammon dolce was pretty nice , but not sweet enough for me . overall , good cafe bar . will come again . my minor gripe is how distracting the various coloured lasers zipping across the cafe are . kinda makes a guy want to stop studying and start dicking around on yelp , you know ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food does n't taste very fresh or hot , the place is small , service is slow but friendly . i tried the all day breakfast ( coffee is $ 1 extra ) for the portion and price , it 's better to go up the street on yonge to eggsmart or whimpy 's diner or something else ... . wo n't recommend it here for breakfast .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in a neighbourhood where halfway-decent wifi coffee shops are as rare as a lion walking furless through a field of kimchee , dolce camerata earns my vote . i 'm not saying it 's got great coffee or food , but for this neck of the woods , it 's fabulous . service is very friendly , and the low noise level is good for working or reading .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "neat looking place , service is decent . did n't order to much food so will go again to try the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convenient location but their americano is horrible . it was too water down as if it was brew coffee . the patio is nice to sit when weather is nice !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i discovered this little hidden gem just this weekend . was with my sister and had their coffee and americano respectively . they also have a patio but we did n't go outside as there were people smoking . it 's located in centerpoint mall right beside no frills supermarket , a good place to relax and chill . coffee is self-serve after you pay , and it 's organic according to the label . both regular coffee and the americano are delicious , staff very friendly , told me they are open until 11pm monday to saturday , and sundays until 10pm . the only thing i do n't like as much is the d\u00e9cor ( except the hanging lights ) . so i am only giving it 4 stars . will definitely visit again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food tastes great , but waited 30 min for an omelette . ask how long the wait time is before ordering .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "interior is nice ... food 50-50 ... i love crepes but their crepes are not much to brag about , also quite expensive for such a quality.. coffee absolutely terrible.. taste like burnt , especially espressos..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for the korean ice shaved dessert ! i got the mango and the original red bean . i 've tried better locations but this one in particular is decently good . they do however have a variety of other desserts and drinks which i have n't tried so i 'll have to return to try those out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here for dessert one day . i had a mango smoothie and my girlfriend had coffee . the coffee tasted good as well as the mango smoothie . however , the taste of mango was really weak and the yogurt flavor was much more stronger . on a side note , i was watching a worker make a crepe . the person trying to make the crepe really struggled and resulted in an uneven shape with holes in them . rolling the crepes hid their shape but i would recommend getting crepes elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my second time going to this place . and i am convinced the staff or server i have is racist towards anyone who is not asian or white . the first time i came here my desert took 30 minutes to come . i figured it was just bad service . second time i came here with my daughter we ordered and my food never came . on check out they wanted to charge us . i was so upset and they try to apologize with fake smiles . stay away from this place if you are non white or asian .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the fruit crepe & asked for them without whipped cream since i 'm lactose intolerant . the crepe was mediocre & i could n't even see any chocolate sauce inside so i asked for more on top . the chocolate sauce did n't even taste like chocolate . not sure i would want to eat here again . it 's too bad because the cafe itself looks fine . it 's clean , well kept with a small outdoor patio too . i noticed though that many seats were empty and after their meal people were just sitting around for a long time . a large group was already finished eating when we 'd come in and were still there after we left almost an hour later.so seat turn over is n't fast .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dolce camerata is a few of the nicer places at centerpoint mall to chill . drinking americano from a mug listening to classical spa like music on their patio is quite relaxing . dufflets pastries is available if you want some sweet . dc also has freshly made crepes or sandwiches too ... . even my favourite banana nutella . barista is polite ... .asked me if i need milk for my americano ( $ 1.79 ) ... .with my answer being no , filled the hot water up to the top.. not to my liking ! free wifi just ask for the password ! excellent hours opens from 7:30 am to 11 pm", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came for the coffee and free wifi ( $ 2 for coffee and $ 1 for each refill ) . you have to ask them for the wifi password . very convenient location with ample parking and usually not hard to get a seat and table . i got hungry so i ordered a dessert crepe for about $ 10 which was pretty good . cheap beers too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "subway is a-ok but i prefer blimpies ! however , since subway is on every corner , it seems like , i do enjoy a subway sandwich from time to time . lets face it , subway has more choices when it comes to what kind of sub you want . they even serve breakfast . they open at i think 7am ? they close late at 10pm . subway does everything right . maybe that 's why they are on every corner and blimpie seems to be closing all their locations at least in phoenix . i still prefer me a blimpie !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the selection is of a normal subway . the first breakfast sandwich i got here was kind of cold and it was n't supposed to be . the server was friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now and then i crave a subway ... for some reason theres another subway right across the street ... weird ! but ok when i walked in the place was emptybut very clean . i have a toddler so i always look for a high chair . unfortunately i didnt see any available here so i proceeded to the counter where i was n't greeted ( as i thought was normal ) there where was ( 2 ) employees talking about other stuff . one proceeded to ask me what i 'd like . no friendliness here , i felt very awkward i got my sandwich and left ( afterall they have no highchairs ) would i come here again ? i dont know , i might have to cross the street lol sandwich was ok nothing outta this world .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware . i ordered a chicken breast sandwich . i was ill for three days . no joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice clean subway . staff was friendly but a little slow and my wife actually made a comment on how skimpy they were with the veggies ( this from a 110 lb waif ) . you could do worse than this subway . recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this subway has always had fast service and the employees are pleasant and not stupid like at the subway across the street , next to walgreens . they have never screwed up my sandwich and always charged me what they were supposed to , unlike other said subway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner here is very proud of his work , shown in the arrogant attitude when speaking to customers . personally , i do not care how good your craftsmanship is if i have to endure poor customer service . i previously had my heels repaired here , and he charged over $ 20 for an a-ok job . a few days ago , i went to him again to ask for a quote to put on rubber soles under my flats . he refused to give me even a price range , and spoke to me in a manner like he did not care for my business . another customer brought her shoes back , complaining about the repair job he did , and he argued that it was 'quality ' work . his treatment to customers reminds me of the recent meltdown of the owners of amy 's baking company , where the customers are always wrong . the customer service here can truly ruin someone 's day , and i 'm not exaggerating . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "okay , so a few months ago , i had to get copies of keys made . the guy charged me $ 4.99 for the pair and even let me under pay because i did n't have enough cash on me . this morning , i needed two pairs of copies made and the guy , a different one , charged me $ 4.99 for each key . i paid it because i was in a hurry , but the whole thing seems extremely shady to me and i certainly will never return . why run a business this way ? yes , you make some fast cash but you lose customers in the process . it 's silly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these people do an ok job , but overcharge for the quality that you get . they are very sneaky and will always try to `` up-sell '' you by saying that you need additional repairs to your shoes . do n't buy into it , use your judgment . worst of all is the attitude - it 's unbearable . these people are still stuck in the communist russia mentality , where there is no such thing as customer service . they re-glued part of the sole on my boots and missed a spot . when i asked to add more glue to the missed spot , the man literally yelled at me that he did quality work and that i did n't respect his craftsmanship . i felt like i was in a twilight zone . in what world is it ok to yell at a customer when they 've pointed out a flaw in your product ? i 'll never come back . save your money and go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "run . quick . any where else . scene : took $ 1k ferragamos to be steam stretched back to size 11.5 . after being in storage for 2 years i thought it was time to reestablish some semblance of panache . was told it would take 4-5 days . i left them . the pick-up : the shoes were paid for in cash . the cc machine was still not working . wink wink . the shoes were handed back will a gash in the toe leather , covered in dust and not stretched at all . the summation : petty theft or money laundering pure and simple . they have no intention of doing the work . at least not in this case . i like my country a great deal . and , i respect craftsmanship of any type . these people are not representative of canadian values and display no care or craftsmanship . stay away . avoid the soul sickness that comes with dealing from people like this . it will do your life a lot of good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sehr gutes italienisches eis ! man kann aus vielen eissorten w\u00e4hlen . drin sitzen ist klein und sch\u00f6n . aber drau\u00dfen bei sonne auf dem vorplatz beim brunnen sitzend ist noch viel besser ! auch hinter der eisdiele ist unter einem dach im schatten sitzend im sommer m\u00f6glich eis zu essen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr leckeres ital . eis ! einzig das ambiente ist nicht so einladend mit diesem dunklen durchgang . im sommer aber kein problem , da gibts gen\u00fcgend m\u00f6glichkeiten sein leckeres eis woanders zu genie\u00dfen . das personal ist sehr freundlich und aufmerksam .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren samstag abends auf der suche nach einem eisbecher . mit google 's hilfe sind wir dann um den flughafen gefahren und schlie\u00dflich hier gelandet . ein fr\u00fcherer gast hat im netz den haselnussbecher gelobt . bei uns gab es oben genannten becher und noch einen erdbeerbecher . das eis war f\u00fcr dieses kleine abgeschiedene caf\u00e9 \u00fcberraschend gut . der service war sehr zuvorkommend und freundlich . einzige kritikpunkte sind die ungeschickte lage und auf der beengten terrasse bl\u00e4st die abluft des k\u00fchlhauses direkt richtung g\u00e4ste . wegen der eisbecher w\u00fcrden wir wiederkommen , das ambiente schreckt allerdings ab .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bestes eisja rundherum kein besseres seit \u00fcber 20 jahren geniessen wir das regelm\u00e4ssig .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably the most sketchiest buffet i 've ever been to . i was told it 's $ 6 so hey why not try it ? when you walk in you can already see how dirty this place is . not a good first impression . now the food . i 'll give it to this place for having a decent variety in food but it looks and tastes like it 's been sitting there all day . the rice , meats , and some seafood were hard and dry . the wet food items were sticky and smelled funny . the best things in this buffet are the ribs , chicken wings , and the egg drop soup . their best is decent . their soft served ice cream did n't even taste good . all i tasted was wet sugar . i 'd only come here if i was insanely starving and only had $ 6 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoy going here when i do n't feel like spending a whole lot of money and just want to have a reasonably good amount of food . it 's not a fine dining buffet , but the coconut flavor chicken is n't too bad along with a crab dish mixed with vegetables and cheese . it 's about $ 8 for lunch , ca n't beat that price these days with $ 30 buffets on the strip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst chinese restaurant i 've ever ate at feathers in the fried chicken and red meat egg fu young was more like egg fu cakes shrimp cakes were saturated in water . only chinese restaurant ive went to who does not have duck sauce . cocktail sause was ketchup with chunks of something general toso was tasteless and soggy beff and broccoli was just broccoli . also the shrimp crab legs were dried up and hard sweet and sour sauce was just red water minimal entr\u00e9e selections waiter refilled one persons drink . i had to get up amd ask for a refill , appeared the cook just threw a bunch of stuff together and labeled it as chinese food . the worst $ 22.66 ive ever spent on chinese food for lunch in my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live down the street from super jumbo , with several asian buffets in the area - and this is my favorite since it opened . the food is good and wide ranging my favorite is the fried plantains and stuffed shrimp . the price is right , the service is good . i normally dont hit any particular buffet more than a few times because i have so many choices in the area as well as las vegas . of course , this being a buffet , the food isnt going to be not great after being out in hot trays for awhile , but go before 7pm . the weak spot in the food are the deserts - except for the fresh fruit , i would avoid it , including the frozen ... '' ice cream '' . my way of rating a vegas buffet is `` will i go back ? '' . i keep going back . 30 times at last count .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it supposed to be cheap and quick . my fish heads were tender and well seasoned . service was courteous and prompt . quit your hating ' on the place . people are really too hard on this place in these reviews . it 's not ping pang pong or somewhere . but the food is good and the soups were very good . i 'll go back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one star because you cant give zero ! there were so many clues , but i ignored all of them . i 'm not super picky when it comes to chinese buffets , especially super cheap buffets . i 'm a big kid . i know what i 'm getting into . or at least i thought so . i had a bad feeling when i walked in . i even asked to take a look before i decided to try it . it all looked good for the most part. , but it 's like that bunny from monty python and the holy grail ; it looked good and harmless , but inside lurked an awful , ugly , vile monster . i could n't even finish my first plate . it was all so very very bad . go there at you own risk !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i stopped in to have a quick dinner at a new place . we had no expectations whatsoever but had seem mediocre reviews . honestly i thought the food was delicious , very well prepared . the fish heads were great , my girlfriend liked the crab legs , and their asian specialty cuisines were quite excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "911 need to reach owner -- -- -- -- -- -- -- horrible experience . i 'm from out of town so i called to see closing time . manager erika said 9pm they close door but failed to mention they also stop serving at 9pm . got there about 845pm and they were taking forever to bring food out . when they did it was loud and messy . my 5yr old niece slipped because floor was moped but no caution sign was up . erika did not apologize to my niece . her assistant manager laughed at me and then raised his hands up . i could 've engaged physically w him but rather i wanted to speak to the owner . i asked what his name was `` ben '' . it seems erika gave me bens name as owner and cell phone so they 're just giving me the run around . if anyone knows anything about how i can reach owner please let me know i 've already filed complaint w health services on their poor food preparation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the food and the selection . best $ 6 buffet ever . you know going to a $ 6 that the meat quality is going to be a little iffy and they need to be doing something to money money . i went to the buffet and felt like i was speaking like king . the food tasted great and had a variety of different flavors . i wish i lived by so i could hit them up more often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a touch above the average asian buffet around town . well lit , a good selection of food , fresh made california rolls , the egg rolls are great , as are the glass noodles . they have pizza , chicken nuggets , wings , fried chicken , garlic bread , french fries and , onion rings for those who want a little variety from the strictly asian fair . there is a selection of cut fruits and veggies as well as the desert bar with ice cream , too . while dining 5:30 to 6pm on a sunday , they were regularly bringing out fresh trays of food as the others emptied . the large butterflied shrimp were great too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not as bad as most of the reviews say , especial considering the price , imho . $ 6.99 and you get way healthier options and more serving than any of the fast food meal you can order out there . fresh fruit , hot soup , chicken , beef , fish , veggies , snack ... no food poisoning , been there a few times now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is discussing , when i went i saw the guy pinking his nose then serving drinks to people , the bathroom are all tagged up . and the waiter had bad people skills . i do n't recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just took the fam here for dinner . worst mistake ever.do not eat here . place is dirty . bathroom will make you gag.now let 's talk about the food . the foods were cold let alone did n't really taste all that great . most of the food trays were also empty.had to wait for like 5 minutes to get freshly cook food and it disappears in like seconds because people are in line to get food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "me and my friend went here after a active day of shopping at meadows mall . it 's the closest asian buffet that i know of in that area . there was a big selection of hot foods . i had some crab legs , stuffed crab , shrimp , chow mien , a rib , won tons , an egg roll , and fried rice . the cream cheese won tons were my favorite . the downside is the dessert selection was lacking . they had no lotus balls which is my favorite ! i passed on dessert because i was too full to eat it plus i did n't see anything . the meal with drinks costs around $ 10.00 but during the weekdays it 's only $ 5.00 . downside : the bathrooms and small dessert selection", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you wan na loose weigth or loose a week fromnyour work place this is the rigth place to get sick . horrible conditions in restrooms . food looks awfull . the cups dont seem properly clean.unfortunally we had paid before we get to see the food trays . if you love yourself , dont go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst chinese buffet i have ever gone to . the only saving graces of this place are the large selection of dim food and the cheap price ... only 8.99 all day , weekend or weekday . however , most of the dishes are either overcooked or undercooked and the sushi is terrible . the worst part of it is the fact that my whole family got food poisoning after eating here ... .we just had a few crab legs and ended up vomiting the entire next day . what a way to ruin a vacation ... i recommend going to a better chinese buffet like pacific buffet just down the road .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nasty food n restaurant smells like sewer could n't finish my food gross i wo n't recommend at all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place sucks ! constantly running out of food and soup bowls stand around and wait not a good variety of food at all . i guess u get what u pay for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time about 2 weeks ago , starving looking for something out of the ordinary burger joint . along came jumbo buffet . thought i might give it a try even though the outside looks a little deterrent . but i came in and was greeted very nicely . food was excellent compared to the buffets in north town or east las vegas . besides , where can you eat as many chicken wings and fried shrimps for under 6 $ ( not including drink and tip ) ? next time i 'm bringing in my own scampi sauce ... yeah buddy ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is way below par.about the only edible things are the hot and sour soup and fried rice . go another half mile south to padma express", "score": "2"}
{"review": "warning : do not eat here ... unless you want diarrhea . the restaurant smells like ammonia . i normally do n't mind a restaurant that 's dirty and filthy if the food is good . unfortunately its not . the food is suppose to be chinese . my mom dragged me here a few times because of its cheap price . price is $ 6 or $ 7 for lunch .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was semi ok and they did n't refresh the trays of food as often as they should 've but i guess for the cheap price that 's the quality you get", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they good was so gross . nasty tasting . i began to vomit after only a few bits . the manager made us pay even after complaining . it was just bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i drove by this place the other day and saw this `` $ 5.55 all day '' sign outside . we decided to give this place a try a couple of days ago . for $ 5.55 a person and over 50 items ( incl . dim sum , seafoods ) , where else in vegas you can find a deal like this . we got there around 6:30pm and there were quite a bit of people eating inside . i ca n't say that food was very tasty but it was not bad . the price is right . definitely will come back if i am hungry and in a hurry and do n't want to spend much for a quick meal . i give this place 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let 's be fair , less than $ 6 buffet , have streamed salmon , shrimp , like their jalapeno chicken , and tofu , nothing really stands out , but no wait , and the price is right . some of the selections i do n't see it from china star . the server does do a good job cleaning up and getting the bills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is crap ... but it 's sooooo cheap ! so cheap , i ca n't afford not to eat here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is garbage staff is rude and the food was terrible the crab legs had a bad smell to them this is n't chinese food go to krazy buffet for good food or any where else garbage", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was n't all that bad . some forget that they 're only paying $ 7 , but complain like they gave $ 100 . you can save tons of money by eating there if you 're too lazy to make your own food . but if you 're rich enough to afford for some fancy buffet , than do n't waste your time paying $ 7 than complaining that the cherry was missing from the top of the ice cream . actually i made a plan that i 'm gon na eat there every day , it will cost me $ 300 a month , definitely worth the price eating variety of food till i 'm fed up ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great variety of asian foods and some american plates . fresh fruit and ice cream . not the best sushi rolls but tasty and edible . service is diligent and speedy . we enjoyed this place because of the price amd the location . parking is never an issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the baked mussles , shrimps and buns and glazed nuts other than that when you come in at 8 pm the food is not fresh and everywhere you step is so sticky you can feel it on your shoes . yucky ! and below the table theres like old food stickin on the floor . and atleast clean the buffet area and reorganize the food thats flying from pan to pan..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap buffet for the money . food was ok but not great . we had a party of 9 people , which the bill came out to be under $ 100 . if your looking for a place to save money than i would recommend it . nothing fancy about this place . a typical cheap chinese buffet . pretty good selection with a good seafood selection . will i come back . sure ! but not my first option .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely dirty ! did not look like the floors had ever been mopped and tables were dirty . the carpets were black and greasy . could not use the bathroom at all because there were feces on floor and toilets . completely grossed out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for what it is , it gets a 3 star . the food is satisfying for the price , just stay away from the cheap sushi and some questionable looking items . i was surprised to see some authentic chinese dishes like fish tails in soy sauce and braise pigs feet . the staff were attentive enough .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for cheap chinese buffet go here ! decent chicken wings , soups are good , noodles and beef broccoli is good , pizza is fresh , affordable for a family , weekday dinner 7 $ adult kids were 5 $ good on refills for drinks and restaurant clean , the bathrooms are a nono very dirty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the worst buffets i have ever been to . i feel bad taking my kids here . there are a lot of 3 and 4 star ratings , these people must be on crack or are related to the owners . i nearly puked when i went into the restroom . more graffiti than on the streets of la . should be no stars but i am forced to choose in order to post .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great section of food for the entire family . especially the price is right . the food is like chinese american , or grinds you find on a manapua truck . especially what we call pork hash . yum..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how is this a running restaurant ? they had a wide varitey of food but the restaurant was a complete mess . paint chipped , dirty walls , dirty ripped carpet and dust everywhere . the food was ok . i only stuck to the beef broccoli and egg drop soup . there were small black things in the soup which looked like teflon from a pan . i took a small bite of some chicken and it was old and brown . do n't come here when you vegas . go hit the strip ! ! the health department needs to shut this unhealthy place down", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horror chinese food . ghetto style . all mid-cut chicken wings and pork ribs . never again ! ! ! only as a joke you bring friends here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this lace kind of centered in town is ok , not the greatest but the price os good and for the most part the waiters seem to come around alot compared to other places . for lunch its acceptable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dirty , dirty , dirty . the health department should close this place down . my shoes were sticking to the floor . worst food ever too ! save your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chinese buffet at a very low price= solid 3 stars . no , the food is n't always super hot and well-stocked.. but they do bring out new food very often . i 've been here a few times and have never had an issue with there not being food available . service is pretty good . they take plates away and refill drinks a lot . food is okay . there is a good selection of typical chinese favorites like fried rice and wontons . fyi , the sweet and sour chicken is chicken nuggets so probably not what you would expect . the fried rice , crab rangoon , and spicy chicken are some of my highlights . for the price ( $ 6.49 m-f ) , i can overlook the other less than stellar food items", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had one plate and half way through we found black hair in our food . we got up and left . wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you lost all your money gambling , come here to eat all you can for a $ 6.00 lunch so you do n't starve . the price is all that this place has going for itself . otherwise , the food is cold and bland . two stars for the cheap price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a good asian buffet ... do n't go here . everything was dried up from the rice to the bloody chicken . i tried the barbecue chicken on a skewer and when taking a bite it was like trying to rip off a piece of rubber with my teeth . i spent the rest of my day frequently using the restroom .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family and i really like this place we go almost every other wknd . we find the food really tasty and the staff is really nice . the only thing i dont like is the restrooms it does need a new paint job . lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was nasty . unbelievable this time in age food could be like this . most the food i tasted , i hid to spit out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is the best the big meaty beef ribs to dim sum was the best my family loved it the prices are cheap and good or you can take some to go . this is our stop for dinner not too far from the strip . and the staff is helpful and quiet .and the seating is booth and chairs and tables .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food here is good ... i love the crab rangoons . the only thing that could be better is the chow mein . the service is great the servers are very attentive and nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the worst place i 've ever eaten at . smells in here , food looks old and dry . chicken does n't taste like chicken . the fruit was n't ripe . i just feel sick to my stomach . i do n't recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad food ! the worst i ever had ! even though it 's a buffet so you can choose your food , everything was dry and gross . food looks and tastes like it 's from yesterday.. or a week ago . cheap for a reason , big mistake .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the setup of this place is really nice ! open , modern and spacious . i had n't heard of this cafe and decided to try it because of the ratings and location . my friend and i both ordered the bagel and lox and the presentation is nice , but my stomach does n't like lox apparently . service was attentive and i appreciated that there was n't too many people when we dined . i 'd try something else if i visited again and i 'm sure that would bump my review up one star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute place in the scottsdale quarter . good for salads , sandwiches , and coffee . good place to meet for lunch . outdoor seating , couches , and tables to sit . we had sandwiches , soup and coffee for a lunch date . a nice , affordable place to grab lunch with a friend or two . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! everything is so good -- iced coffee , green tea , chicken salad , tuna salad , italian baguette sandwich , snickerdoodles , inside out brownie cookie . omg", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great service . the best part is the fact that you can get half a sandwich and a cup of soup or side salad . the tuna salad sandwich has the perfect blend of flavor without too much mayo . you can get the breakfast burrito all day , to the happiness of my husband . i 've had that too and it is wonderful . never had a bad meal here . bonus : the green tea ice tea is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a fast , healthy and fairly inexpensive option for lunch at the scottsdale quarter , i would say this is the place to eat at . they have a simple menu as well as fresh baked goods all out on display making it easy to order . i like the fact that you are not served at this restaurant . you go up to the register order , pay and wait for your food to be brought to the table . c3 serves the same food as chloe 's corner across the street in kierland . i often order the salad and sandwich combo which has always been fresh and good . they now have a frequent customer card that tally 's up points every time you purchase something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to grab a sandwich . bonus : they have passport tea which is my favorite ice tea ~ plus its a local phoenix company . i enjoyed the very cool vibe with floor to ceiling roll up doors that open up in good weather . service is fast casual with very friendly and attentive employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this cute place ! a little small inside at lunchtime but seemed to handle the lunch line ok today . lunch was under $ 12 for an amazing chopped salad , iced tea , and a big a $ $ choc chip cookie ! you order at their counter , get your own drink , and the friendly staff delivers it fairly fast to your table ( as well as take away plates and get you drink refills ) . food was amazing , prices were very reasonable for the quarter , and i liked the very cute informal atmosphere . parking close by is the only issue ( parking garage usually ) but today i even got a street parking spot . when the weather cools , i think we 'll try the patio with the pups for breakfast or lunch ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really liked this place . good patio seating . enjoyed an iced caramel latte and the tuna on mixed greens with a tasty light dressing that came with avocado and hard boiled egg . relaxed atmosphere , order at the counter and they bring out your food . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fresh ingredients and close to work make this a regular lunch spot ... . prices are definitely more expensive than what i normally spend for lunch ( usually about $ 10-12 including a drink ) but it 's located in scottsdale quarters so it 's to be expected . friendly staff and plenty of seating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great . the food and customer service is outstanding ! ! ..a great atmosphere ... c3 kitchen far exceeds press roaster when it comes to taking care of their customer 's and the coffee ... i no longer put up with the attitude coming from the manager at the press roaster ( 6 doors down ) ... i am so glad i came across the c3 kitchen several months ago ... you will see the owner ( chef ) of the c3 kitchen cooking here often ... that says a lot..quality here is consistent ... everybody here rocks ! ! ! thanks ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i work in the scottsdale quarter kierland area , this place has become one of my lunchtime favorites . consistently delicious sandwiches and salads served by a staff that always seems to be genuinely upbeat and enjoying what they 're doing . the space itself is clean and modern . the giant roll up windows are great for the more temperate months and makes it pleasant and comfortable to dine-in and enjoy my lunch break . even during the peak of lunch rush , i 'm yet to wait more than 5 or so minutes before my food is brought to me . for as busy and upscale as the scottsdale quarter is , this is a nice little lunch joint where the food is well worth the value ( $ 6- $ 8 ) and atmosphere is genuinely pleasant . i 'll continue to frequent this spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i get lunch here to-go on a regular basis . they have really great healthy salads for reasonable prices unlike the other restaurants in the quarter . service here is quick which makes it a great lunch spot and their staff is always friendly and nice . my favorites are the greek salad which has typical greek salad ingredients except they add a little more substance with the israeli cous-cous which keeps me full , and the lemon vinaigrette is fantastic . i also love their lemon chicken salad with grilled chicken , goat cheese and delicious grilled veggies . the have fresh squeezed strawberry lemonade which is also delicious but a little on the pricey side . if you 're looking for a casual fast lunch or breakfast spot in the quarter c3 is a fantastic choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a great location in the scottsdale quarter . it is affordable but i felt like they took stuff from a grocery deli and sold it to me ? the salsa was no where near where it needed to be . the breakfast burrito was a bit small . the fruit that we ordered was great , however ! it was fresh but i think the expectation did n't meet reality here . inside the restaurant it was a bit dry with no color a bit restrained . it was a good pit stop and the staff was friendly . a so so place but i really was n't impressed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so excited to try out this place because it was right down the street from audi north scottsdale and i love the quarter . my boyfriend and i were starving so we headed over and as soon as we opened the doors we should 've turned around . the lighting in there made you feel like you were being investigated and the whole atmosphere was uncomfortable . we ordered our food and the lady taking our order acted like we were regulars and rattled off the cheese and meat options so fast we could n't even understand her . she was not very friendly or accommodating after i found out you could add avocado to your meal so i went without . i will never go back and think you need to train your staff better and find some new over head lights . no one at any time of day look or feel good under fluorescent lights . oh and your wifi does n't work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good spot to breakfast . it 's not too expensive , and it delivers what it advertises - good meals at a good price . nothing too fancy , just a good simple breakfast spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good spot for a quick lunch ! the greek salad is very yummy , awesome dressing and the hot italian baguette was tasty ! good friendly service , restaurant is very clean . only complaint is the cookies and muffins , brownies etc ... look great but they do not keep them covered ! so flies were all over them ... hopefully mgmt will cover these so they remain fresh and protected from germs and insects ! ! ! ! last two times we went , sandwiches were burnt ! not so good . also the chopped salad is really too sugary , with apricots and apricot dressing , apples etc ... . wish they 'd make it more like the chopped salad at chloes", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were in scottsdale for a movie and has an hour to wait . it was eat now or after the movie . eat now won out , now where . i yelped and found c3 kitchen . the person that took our order was very refreshing . very helpful , friendly , and funny . this place is what i would call trendy in decor . pretty much a sandwich shop . the food is reasonably priced . there are two roll up garage type doors that can be opened when the weather permits . when the food came it was good also . i will go back when i am in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coffee and fresh cookies are great . the staff is always smiling and i love being able to see the clean kitchen where my food was cooked from scratch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the egg sandwich is the best breakfast sandwich i 've ever had ! ! get mine scrambled with cheddar and onions with both sausage & extra crispy bacon , omg yummy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although their food is n't anything extraordinary , i do really enjoy their desserts , coffee , and the great customer service . they always remember my name , and have smiles on their faces . try the asian salad , or c3 club . those are my favorites , but there are no sides that come with any of the sandwiches nor are their soups that great . breakfast is really the best thing to eat here . the burritos are the best on the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to c3 kitchen for lunch today . it is a very modern little cafe type restaurant . you place your order as you walk in , you are given a number and the food is brought to your table . the food arrived in a very reasonable amount of time . i had ordered the sauselito turkey with grilled onions and peppers . it arrived hot and was delicious . all the ingredients tasted very fresh . we will definitely be going back . a nice place fr a weekend brunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped for breakfast on our way to santa fe . the prices are very reasonable and the food , coffee , and tea were all delicious . all of the eggs , in breakfast burritos and sandwiches , were cooked perfectly . they have a very nice selection of meats for the breakfast dishes . everything was fresh and moist . we will be back the next time we are in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like eating here after shopping on my days off . from what i tried which was the chicken salad sandwich , house salad , veggie wrap , and the c3 salad ... my favorite was the wrap and the sandwich . salad left me yearning for something more but i do have to say i do love a delicious healthy quick lunch along with free wifi next to all of my favorite stores with consistently friendly helpful staff . 5 stars c3 well done", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little coffee shop with unlimited soda fountain . the cold sandiwches and salads will help cool your hot ass down . ftw .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food made to order , quick service even during busy times ! they have a lot of options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time visiting was for brunch earlier today . was greeted by a cheerful young woman immediately upon entering . both employees behind the counter were bright and helpful and obviously in love with their brand . the menu is diverse without being overwhelming and includes everything from breakfast to lunch dinner options . decent coffee options , too ( which i notice because of my love for coffee ) . i ordered the breakfast burrito and a strawberry lemon tea , iced . food and beverage were delicious . service was outstanding . the ambiance was also very pleasant : bright and clean and modern with a hint of retro in design . the staff was even cleaning seats while we were there . keeping everything sparkly . based on this single experience , i have no qualms about posting a five star review , and i will absolutely be back for more soon . if you have n't been , it 's worth a visit . i 'm confident you wo n't be disappointed ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great chicken salad sandwich ! i really liked this place . it 's a good stop for a quick lunch or a coffee . the people there were nice and friendly , and they seemed to keep it clean . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food . the blat sandwich is amazing . i go here from work for lunch and it is always a great experience no matter what . even when it is busy it is still a great experience . i will be coming here in the near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken salad sandwich is my fav here . they have pretty yummy green tea as well . the service is fast for everything being freshly made . love the setup , it is very open and clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast burrito and coffee were good . the interior design is a little austere . the workers here were friendly and i 'll be back once in a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing lunch ! off menu items make an exciting , delicious and legit dine in experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute spot for breakfast or lunch for casual dining . lovely urban loft style decor . the fresh oj was super tasty , and the staff was very polite . i ordered 3 breakfast sandwiches that were made to order in less than 10mins . they even included a fresh slice of watermelon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good ... ... .i 've only had the blat , which i loved . my friend was n't as impressed as he thought that for $ 7.95 the meal should 've included fries and a soft drink . i think he also wanted a `` supersize '' option . oh well , ca n't please everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the natural sodas . the sandwiches are divine . the breakfasts are filling . what i especially love are the salads . they are huge yet i can consume a full one in a sitting . everything is fresh and the staff is incredibly friendly and cute . you can make a meal of a cookie or brownie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time we come here they are so friendly and helpful . their iced tea and coffee is spectacular and their egg burrito is delicious . i definitely recommend coming here . whether it be for a relaxing afternoon or a quick bite to eat . awesome place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . friendly people . fast service . reasonable prices . what more do you need ? take my money ! ! ! ! food is fresh and delicious spans the gamut of heavy comfort dishes like mac and cheese to light favorites like an albacore salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped for breakfast with our kids on a saturday morning . the coffee and cinnamon bun were good , the breakfast burrito was so-so . overall , not a bad coffee shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! great service and always greeted with a smile . the chicken salad wrap is da bomb , psssst add bscon ! go check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent strategy : ready-to-go foods , coffee shop-style service , high-style ambiance and a cook who delivers well-prepared dishes . we got breakfast at 10:30 , before the competition opened and long after the breakfast hour- thank goodness . my scrambled eggs were perfect . the breakfast burritos burst with eggs and goodies . we were satiated . i asked for earl grey tea , but that 's not one of the 10 loose-leafs ashley stocks . so i asked her to make a blend for me , and voil\u00e1 - it seems i have my own tea at c3 , now ! ! hurray ! ! so cute : she came out to check on me enjoying it a couple times , `` just to be sue . '' quarter employees popped in to grab'n'go . a couple customers were addressed by heir first names as they ordered . i like the style of this fast casual spot and think it bears the pants off all the sq places ... and i 've been to them all ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i have eaten here 2-3 week for the last 2+ years i thought it time i said something about it . i love the place and the servers are friendly and genuinely interested in helping you . their food is consistently very good and fresh . the baked goods and soups are homemade and delicious . i have tried most everything as well as variations . my only reason for not giving it a 5 is because i wish they would change up their menu or add something new once in a while . if you are looking for breakfast or lunching in the scottsdale quarter and are looking for friendly service , reasonable prices and just plain good food , go to c3 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "save your money ! ! ! ! ! the staff is rude and their food is just okay . it 's too expensive and thy stopped offering mall employee discounts . also , they are decreasing points earned through five star . $ 12 fro a sandwich ? ! ? ! i think not .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love eating here . i work in the quarter and have lots of options to choose from and i always choose here . their food is affordable and always fresh . i have n't had one thing on the menu i did n't enjoy . the breads are soft the vegetables are crisp . their baked goods are better than most bakeries i 've been to . and best of all the wait staff is always very friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a saturday for breakfast based in location and yelp reviews . the restaurant by itself is very trendy and nicely decorated in a modern theme . very simple with the menu listed behind the counter and you just order when you are ready . for a saturday the were less than 10 people in the place . was really looking forward to getting our food . we ordered the breakfast burrito and the chicken salad sandwich and they brought it to our table . the breakfast burrito did not wow me it was just average and the chicken salad sandwich looked great but was just ok . wanted so much more with the previous reviews on yelp an d the nice restaurant and location . sorry to say that is the reason why there were less than 10 people there on a saturday morning . hate to say there will probably be another restaurant at this location in 6 months .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm in love with c3 kitchen ! everything about it down to the cool garage door windows ! there food is amazing ! i 've had almost everything on the menu ! and i love the membership card great idea ! my favorite thing they have is the inside out cookie ! try it next time you 're there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2nd time here with wife .. truly a wonderful place for breakfast or lunch.. fresh pancakes.. muffins.. had there avocado bacon hamburger.. wife had there turkey sandwich . amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly and awesome b.l.a.t . sandwich . i was in a hurry for lunch and called ahead . it was absolutely perfect . i ca n't wait to go back and try more of their menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch . i ordered the lemon chicken salad and it was excellent ! the coffee was also very good . nice place to go for a healthy meal on the cheaper side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a quick simple breakfast or lunch . seems like a good place for coffee as well since they sold their own beans . came here for a quick lunch . i just had their basic turkey sandwich on multigrain and my husband had their tuna salad sandwich . surprisingly , both were very good that we left nothing behind . the sandwiches came with a side of sliced pickles . i never order tuna salad sandwiches as most places put lots of mayo in it which ends up being soggy and high in calories , but this one was almost dry that you could n't tell it had mayo . it had celery in it too so it tasted fresh , healthy and still flavorful . i would highly recommend getting the tuna salad sandwich . the place was clean and well kept . if the staff were n't busy ringing up customers , they were cleaning the tables or stocking up supplies . not very often when you see a staff cleaning the table with cleaning spray and organizing newspapers and magazines into a neat stack .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very limited breakfast menu and the chairs were very uncomfortable . service was great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very quaint place . friendly staff but it 's cafeteria style with full service prices . everything on the menu is per item and you need to add everything . also you need to get up and get your own drinks example . eggs came by themselves then i ordered a bagel then i ordered potatoes and 2 strip of bacon no coffee or drink . the bill was $ 15 . not terrible but not great especially you are not being served . food was fine nothing outstanding better value at other places .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while away on business we frequented this location for both a few meetings and lunch . the service is wonderful and the access and fresh air makes the location even better . it almost had the patio style vibe from inside the location . the all you can drink iced tea makes you want to sit there and drink it all day . if you are in the scottsdale quarter area l would recommend you checking this place out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food but their service was not good we are latinos wife kids and i decided to eat here since we were at the stores for the hole day and i am sorry for choosing his place over grimaldis pizzeria or sting ray sushi but oh well again nothing against the guys in the kitchen , so we ordered they gave us a number what happens when you get a number you get either called out or they will bring you your food well i had to ask the guys in the kitchen how am i getting my food lol the food was ready like 8 minutes but the ladies never payed attention to us so the guy in the kitchen brought it to us delicious food thanks for making us feel like crap in this restaurant", "score": "2"}
{"review": "handmade natural sodas are a crowd pleaser . the portion of the salad was very small . the sandwich we had was a good size . they had a nice outdoor seating area which was great for people watching .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i finally made it here for lunch . while the decor is modern sterile , the chairs were comfortable and the service was terrific . everyone had a smile on their face . i had the asian salad and is was fresh and awesome , i ate it all . the barista made her own `` specialty '' drink ( not on the menu ) for my friend and while it was a tad too sweet for me , it was delicious . she made me a soy chai tea latte . fabulous ! even better than the one i get at starbucks . prices are really good , especially for the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever i 'm in the area i stop here for breakfast . food is delicious and service is friendly . breakfast burrito with bacon well done and swiss is bombdotcom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleasant cute place for lunch . we had one sandwich and salad to share . they even made two separate dish for us it was such a sweet touched for us ! the food was delicious and price is very reasonable too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in for breakfast since trufoods was n't open yet and would definitely come back again . you order from the counter , are given a number and take a seat at any table . we sat outside to people watch in the scottsdale quarter . the yogurt with fresh berries and granola had a cinnamon apple flavor and was delicious . also the burrito was choose your own cheese and meat in a spinach wrap -- good mild-medium salsa . also saw a handful of dog owners eating outside , so it 's a pet friendly cafe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool little breakfast place in the quarter . had their breakfast burrito and it was amazing . bacon is also delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a gem ! ! i recently got hair ( up-do ) and makeup done for a wedding i was in . i had a lovely student who worked on my hair . caution : it took 3x the normal time to complete this up-do since she was a student . i was prepared for this so it was no big deal . it looked great in the end and held up all night long . even better was the makeup . the student did an amazing job and it was comparable to expensive professional makeup i 've had done in major cities . best of all ? $ 20 for each service . talk about dirt cheap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "up do 's and the makeup are a joke here . do n't waste your money or your time . my appointment was at 11 and i didnt leave until 4 ... .. my hair was tightly curled even though i asked for soft loose curls . my up do was a frizzy flat mess ... my makeup ... well i couldnt wait to get home to wash it off . it was so cakey and you could tell i had way to much on . the lady made my eyebrows so thick i wanted to laugh and asked her to tone it down a bit ... lol ! atleast i got a good laugh out of my waste of $ 50 . ( i would post my picture of what was done but honestly its to embarrassing )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i took the all-day concealed carry class at select fire a few months ago . i would have given this more stars , because most of the class was highly relevant and useful . we got a decent amount of range time as part of the class and the primary instructor was very knowledgable . however , one thing really bothered me . they gave up two hours ( in an eight hour class ) for some guy to come in and try to get everyone to sign up for an mlm scheme where you pay a ridiculous amount of money to have a lawyer on retainer ( but not really ) . it was under the guise of `` talking about the legal aspects '' but it was clearly just a two-hour ad . the class included a really awesome cop who talked about legal aspects . this other guy was obviously just there to make money off of us and it felt really sleazy . we could have spent those two hours shooting . i hope select fire reads this and reconsiders letting people turn their ccw classes into a walking infomercial for someone 's money-making scheme .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this will be my go to gun range going forward . it was really crowded mid day on a saturday . from the minute we walked in the attendant at the counter got us going with our paperwork , then was moving people in and out efficiently . we waited 30 minutes but it was worth it once we got in . got a rental gun to try out and it worked great . the range officer got us going with helping to set up our targets and quickly got us going in our lane . everyone treated us well and professionally . i can go to a much closer range 5 minutes from my house but i prefer this place even if it 's a 20 minute drive . check this place out , i hope they expand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent range ! brand new inside . the staff is friendly and very helpful . there is always a range safety officer who is actually paying attention and willing to help . they also have a new simulator as well that is incredibly realistic . you do have to watch a short safety video if you are a first timer , but it 's worth it . a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went for the first time , myself and my 17 year old daughter . we had a great time . the staff was terrific and the range was clean and most importantly , safe . the cost for ammo was very fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best indoor range around . staff is polite and knowledgable . polar opposite of stonewall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a range done right ! the obvious advantage is that this is a new facility . the staff is friendly , professional , and focused on safety . others in the area should take note . while there are not be many accessories , firearms or ammo to pick from . that point is moot as fin feather fur is right up the street . bring your ammo , targets , toys and have some fun . this is the best indoor range in neo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time ever shooting a gun . the service was great ! very accommodating and friendly . i suggest making friends with the officer on duty and let them know if you are a beginner . pleased to say i will be a returning customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this range a lot . the guys that work the counter are polite and cool . they take what they are doing seriously but still casually joke and have fun . i have been to a few places where everybody has a a stick up their ass cough cough stonewall cough the range itself is clean and the gentlemen that works on the range is a nice guy . really alert . some guy was there being a moron the first time i was here and he called a cease fire right away . the dude is on it . not fucking around . which is good . so i have been here 3 times or so and i will keep coming back . i prefer to shoot outside but when there is snow on the ground i do n't feel like loading clips outside . fuck all that mess . this is by far the best indoor range i have been to in the cleveland area . these guys take pride in the business they run and i enjoy going there . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "particularly upset with this range . a buddy and i snagged a groupon for range rental for 2 and planned on heading down there . he had never been there before , so he checked the hours on the website . he also looked on facebook for pictures of the range because he was curious how it was set up . we make the 45-minute drive to the range and find a piece of paper on the door that they are closed for a few days until friday . really ? that was the best way you could inform people ? not by modifying the hours on your website ? or posting it on facebook ? or literally anything ? i called and someone answered . they were making updates to the facility . fine . just post something somewhere . the guy who answered was adamant that he had been posting about it for a month . they did n't . i checked . they did post about a delayed opening once for may 8th , so that 's nice i guess ... the groupon expired and we lost out on range time . no good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent facility and staff . i like that they are focused on safety . if it 's your first time there you must view a safety video before entering the range . this video shows what is expected of you for safety sake .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience ! my brother and i had never shot a gun before , let alone handled one . staff took their time teaching us everything we needed to know and patiently waited for us to get it right . and jan was such a good teacher that i got a bullseye on my first round ! will definitely be coming back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time this weekend . very nice facility . comfortable waiting room , clean and well lit . the ro was very helpful and kept the range safe and clean . staff was friendly although busy . the selection is limited but they have what you need , and all i need is somewhere to shoot . as someone stated before load up at fin before you stop by . i 'm considering taking a private lesson to make sure i can hit my target consistently . fwiw i live about 7 minutes from everybody 's `` favorite '' range but will continue to go to sf .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff at select fire is courteous and friendly . they take safety very seriously , and the range is clean and new . unlike other ranges in the area , i 've always felt welcome here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with joseph ... . mike s . who ? ? ? super clean , friendly , and no waiting longer than about 30mins ( during the busiest , peak hours ) . cant say thats the case for other places . heard some complain about the prices ... really ? if anything it is $ 1 or $ 2 more than most places ( without a membership , which is a sweet deal also , must check out ) and when i know that extra is going towards a range officer , i consider it money well spent . i know that i wont get flagged or clipped by an errant round whilst visiting this upstanding establishment . range officers are also a wealth of knowledge and assistance - they 've been there , done that , and went around the block ! very cool ( only in the summers , temp-wise ! ) and safe place to shoot . will visit again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent range . staff is very friendly and personable . range time prices are competitive , and they are one of the very few blue label glock dealers in the area . i 've been here multiple times and never had a bad experience . best time to go is during the week ( you 'll be waiting on the weekends ) . overall , it is always a pleasant experience to shoot here and i would recommend it to anyone . another thing about the staff ... i ca n't say enough about them . extremely professional and the way they interact with customers is outstanding . i would pay double just for the way they treat customers compared to other ranges in the area . last thing you need in an environment with firearms is for the staff to treat you poorly , and they do an excellent job of creating a relaxed atmosphere while still keeping it safe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best range in the area . professional knowledgeable staff . safety is top priority here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great range to go shoot at and all the employees are very professional and courteous.i took the ccw class here in 2015 and the instructors were very knowledgeable . i would recommend coming to select fire even if you live a distance away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff . i 've taken several friends , guys and girls , and they all feel safe and comfortable to shoot . i 've never waited longer than 15 for a spot to shoot . every new shooter is required to watch a 15 minute training video . there 's always a range safety on the lookout . best range on west side of cleveland . my favorite spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! had a private lesson with anthony , it was awesome . though i shoot often , he gave me great instruction on how to improve . i took the corrections and had immediate results . best gift my husband ever gave me ! as others have said , the place is clean , modern , and a comfortable temperature . ( many indoor ranges are too cold for me in the winter ... ) the waiting areas are roomy , comfortable , and clean . if you do end up waiting , the wait is tolerable because of the environment . i have been to most of the indoor public ranges in a 4 county radius and this is by far my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shirley is a passionate and knowledgeable beauty & skin care professional . she always makes me look and feel my absolute best ! eyebrows , there is no one better . manicures by shirley are perfection . and her facials are a special treat , she uses only the best products , and she knows how to use them . you literally glow after leaving her studio . plus i love her playlists : ) her music is an extension of her vibe . her attention to detail is unbelievable - you are in excellent hands with shirley margarita ! keep making toronto a prettier place shirley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a very picky individual when it comes to choosing salons etc . this studio is warm and very friendly . shirley is very welcoming and a meticulous person , which makes her amazing at what she does . i 've moved closer to bloor and do n't drive but i still make the trip up there to get stuff done . from eyebrows to waxing and facials , shirley is the only one i trust now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been getting beautified by shirley for 3+ years now . the studio is ultra clean and she is always consistent and on point with her work . i love getting glammed up with my lash extensions every month . she also has the best products that you would usually not know about- she shares her aesthetician secrets with you . ; ) thank u shirley for keeping me beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to countless beauty salons around the world and shirley is still one of my favourites . she is a professional who pays attention to details and will customize to your needs . i got eyelash extensions for the first time with shirley and she put me at ease by explaining how everything works , then proceeded to work on applying beautiful lashes with steady hands . her space is soothing and i had one of the most relaxing experiences . recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not surprised to see so many great reviews about shirley margarita . as a guy who had had the occasional chest wax , i can say without question that shirley is the best . i 've have had bad reactions to the products used at other places and thought it was normal . but the products that shirley uses are amazing and i have never had a bad experience with her . this is the only place i 'll go . the studio itself is not your typical loud storefront salon . the boutique location really creates a very personal experience ! always vip service ! very highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in for a pedicure and felt right at home ! i absolutely love the vibes at the salon . yes , vibes ! shirley is hella cool and has a music collection i enjoyed . she 's very professional and attentive , and the place is chic , spotless and overall relaxing . her work is thorough ; my pedicure took an hour and my feet were very happy at the end ! she also gave me some recommendations for facial products and samples to try too . i 'll be coming back ... maybe for a facial next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since alliance took over this place went down hill . i moved out becuase alliance does nothing but ignore the problem . they never respond to voice mails or emails , they never pick up the phone even though when you go to the office they always recommend to call them . the places are nice but there 's always muscle cars rolling through all hours of nights in the 1 year i was there the front gate was driven into 3 times the kyrene gates twice each ! for the price you get an actual home like i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , i love this complex , the house , the amenities , the pool , the grass , and the trees . it 's a beautiful place , and i 'm glad to call it home . i am very surprised though at the amount of incredibly loud cars and bikes that haul through the complex . i feel like it 's time i told someone , besides the people in the front office , how annoying it is . you might have noticed from the map that this complex is long and skinny . there is a main road that everyone in the north part of the complex must use to get in or out , and between 8 and 12am it is regularly dragged by hogs and tuner cars . if you 're a light sleeper like i am , you wo n't like sleeping here . -- -- -- jan 2014 - it 's currently 2:19 am and i was once again woken up by the corvette across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i do not even want to give them one star . i lived there for two years and recommended my friends to them . however , when i moved out , they took all the deposit away ( $ 1650 ) and asked us to pay $ 200 more only because there was a little fixable damage on the carpet . they asked to replace all the carpet . that is ridiculous ! the manager did not reply the email for the concern about the carpet replace and through a bill to me directly . do not move in ! otherwise you will got your money lost !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "haha , this place is being billed as luxury living ? i think the formica counters , 2 inch baseboards , matted carpets and rough textured walls disagree . it should be billed as contractor grade living at luxury prices . upgrades are not allowed . the 1500 per month does not get you location . the outside amenities seemed great from what i saw in my short time there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a great place for rolling up your garage , tuning your cars , and trading engine fixing tips in loud voices all night long ! and welding on a sunday evening ! actually , it 's a nightmare for anybody who lives around it and is n't interested in this culture of male bonding . i will be so happy to move away from my town home in pepperwood next door , only because i will escape my proximity to those in alta ravenwood . it 's that bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live behind this complex . if you are considering moving and looking for a quiet place keep looking . the traffic in the parking lot is a combination of cars without mufflers and harleys . the noise goes on all hours of the night . even atv races in the parking lot . trailers parked in the back . management must not be concerned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love indian food . majority of the food was spicy - but soo good . butter chicken is always a good one though . plating size is very worth it - i can never finish all the food . somosa 's - yum ! i believe i paid $ 11 - very good price for what i had . this is more of a place for quick eating . it 's decor is not fantastic and the organization of tables is a little messy . but i 'm here for food - so i do n't really mind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's usually very busy , but you can go for lunch when it 's slow and have the place mostly to yourself . i love love love this food ! everything is delicious , and you can try a bunch of things . it 's a great deal , except the lassi , which is fantastic but a little expensive for what you get . i still get it nearly every time ! spiciness is perfect -- it 's got a kick but it 's not all you taste . one of my favorite restaurants in montreal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a taste of india even the pq ca n't hate ! ! ! ! great quality , great service , even better price point . for 9 dollars you get 2 meat choices and a vege choice plus rice and salad and nann bread . also they have great vegetarian only selections . the choices i like are butter chicken , chicken curry , chana masala ( aka awesome chick peas ) if your looking for a great treat on a cold winter day and do n't want to break the bank , thali is for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enough is enough . i keep telling people to go here yet somehow forgot to throw my review into the ring . $ 10 for a large lunch , perfectly balanced spices and significant options . served cafeteria style so the food is ready when you are and sitting in it 's own spices until you 're prepared to stuff your face . i have gone to `` high end '' indian restaurants in montreal and this is better than half of them . stop in and eat and you 'll understand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best . this has been my go-to indian restaurant since i moved to montreal . the staff is so friendly and helpful , and the food is just insanely good for the price . my normal order is a non-vegetarian thali and a mango lassi , and i 've really never gotten anything bad on my plate . the butter chicken is good , but my personal favorite would be the beef curry . i 've also had a great experience with the fried snacks they offer- chicken pakoras are the best i 've ever tasted , and i love their samosas , alu bonda and bhajis too . delicious barfi ( $ 1 each and worth ten times as much in my opinion ) and kulfi for dessert . if i had one complaint , it would be that the dining room is very very crowded and busy- the result of their amazing food and service . as such , i normally take my order to go . can not recommend thali highly enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live around the block and never actually stopped by but i was feeling lazy to cook so i gave it a try . honestly i 'm surprised by how much food you get for 9 $ veggie plate . i have had the chance to go to southern india and although that does n't make me a connaisseur i found the food to be similar in taste ! removing 1 star because i feel the place needs a good clean . the floor under the buffet looked iffy so i feel this is one of those places you overlook the details due to the price and tasty food . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can see the appeal of this place . it 's cheap , it seems homemade and overall i like that its laid back and does n't seem dolled up . i had the butter chicken which i found delicious , but i am not a butter chicken connoisseur and i am not sure it would stand up to other ones . the lamb curry was n't great , the flavor was passable but the meat was chewy . the cauliflower and potato was good . the naan bread was the best part . very delicious . we were sitting right at the front window and the down turn happened when i noticed a dead fly squished between the paper signs taped up on the wall . when i went to the bathroom the wall in the hallway was dirty and the light switch was filthy . it seems really nit-picky , but , these are all things that could easily be improved upon , if they just took a little time to clean the place . it does n't need to be fancy , but basic cleanliness would be nice !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a meat thali and it was good and large enough to share , the price was right and the naan and butter chicken were pretty good , although the samosa was a bit on the doughy side . probably one of the better indian options in the vicinity around concordia .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was okay . i got a thali . the naan was a little too salty for my taste , but you get your money 's worth ( $ 9 not incl . tax ) because the huge portion . i could 've easily shared one thali with a friend . the service was great though ! the staff was super nice and patient , they were constantly smiling . they gave off a really good vibe to every customer . the place is n't too big , so try not to come with a huge group of people !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thali is an excellent resto for dining in or taking out . they offer a combination of thali-style dining ( a wholesome meal in one plate ) as well as \u00e0 la carte dining . it 's a perfect downtown gem and hidden away on a quiet street in the concordia university neighborhood . its location works out to be a perfect playground to stop at during any time of the day . thali is definitely one of my favourite restos . although their space is often packed and tight for room at times , this resto offers delicious and authentic north indian food for great value . best of all , they even have pani puri and chaat-style menu items which is super for the snacking crowd . in addition , they have a good selection of sweet dishes , including mango lassi & kulfis . this place is worth checking out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i lived in india almost one year . and i can tell you , that the food here tastes the same as real indian food . i was feeling that i eat in my favorite place in panaji . samosa are very tasty . try dal - it is super tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times in the last month and honestly , this place is by far the best place you can go for indian food while on a budget . keep in mind this might not be the best indian food out there but for the price ( 10 $ for thali w 3 sides ) it is unbeatable . that 's not to say that the food is n't good however ! i would say that its on par with most other places near the concordia area just based on taste alone . the place is rather small however , so one tip would definitely be to try to go early , at an off hour or for take out . its definitely a popular place and there 's nothing worse than not being able to find a spot to enjoy your meal ! overall , definitely would recommend , especially to students .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best mango lassi i 've tried ! although , it 's kinda pricey ( $ 3 ) , staff is very nice , and i like that they did not watered down the spice of the food for tourists , they stay true to their flavours", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good fast and cheap indian food . not the best in montreal , for that head over to park extension or go to ganges , but thali is fine if you 're down town , need good indian ( stay away from buffet maharaja ! ) their mango lassi is excellent !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best indian food i had in montreal . the restaurant customers are mostly students , so do n't expect to have nice decor and ample space . however , food is cheap and authentic . for $ 9 , you will have a non-veg dish with a choice of two non-veg and one veg serving , plus rice and a naan . food is really tasty and spicy , just the way i like it ! mango lassis are really good here too ! one thing though , my 3 year-old son did not eat anything except for the butter chicken , rice and naan . everything else was too spicy for him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife is malaysian and i lived there for 2 yrs . we had indian food almost everyday over there . since we moved to montreal 4-5 yrs ago we 've been looking for authentic indian food that tastes like the one in malaysia . thali is it . finally , after at least 8-9 different restaurants we found one that is exactly what we were looking for . the dahl ( they call is sambar ) is the best in montreal , by far . i had been craving it since malaysia and thali got it right . prices are great and the staff nice . this is as good as it gets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a solid 4 stars ! good-warm-cheap-tasty ! joy ! this is not a swanky chef 's restaurant , but it is consistently good and reliable . everything is reasonably priced . the seating is not abundant , so you may have to share during rush hour , but it 's part of the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite indian food downtown . it 's very authentic , inexpensive , and very tasty . i like getting the curry chicken , it 's quite spicy . the butter chicken is also very good . i also dip whatever is left with the naan bread . it 's not as spacious and a small deli style seating . i always pick up or eat in there sometimes before it gets super packed . really really good indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : 1 . cheap eats ! ! you get your bang for your buck here . lots of meaty & vegetarian options . 2 . food is yummy . their mango lassi is made with homemade yogurt which makes it really tasty . cons : 1 . the silver platter thingy awkwardly sits on top of a tray . overall : -go here for a casual meal . i prefer this place than the indian buffet places around mtl .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , so the curries were decent , the portion generous at super reasonable prices , but to give thali 4 or 5 stars would be injustice to great indian restaurants elsewhere in the city . i was mostly unimpressed by their rice , which was as plain as a white t-shirt . no ( obvious ) seasonings , which in turn led to no wonderful aromas that typically come with indian rice . their naan was also soggy and tasted like plain thick bread . most of all , i was disappointed in my butter chicken , which tasted spicy , but nothing else . having said that , i admit that i like my butter chicken a little sweet , so perhaps this is just a matter of preference . i still enjoyed my meal , but it fell short of my expectations , especially after having read the rave reviews writted by other yelpers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent indian food downtown . i 've only had the thalis so i ca n't comment on the samosas and other fried goodies . for $ 10 or less you can get 3 choices of curries , basmati rice , a pakora and naan bread . curries are less spicy than what you would find in park ex restaurants but they are still very tasty . i love being able to customize my thali ( something you ca n't do at other indian restaurants ) . the curries are laid out behind a window and you basically choose what you want cafeteria style . not the type of resto you would take a date to but it does the job taste and price wise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "10 $ for a non-veg ( meat ) thali combo which include the naan bread , i think it 's one of the best deal you can get at this price point . i love their butter chicken , lamp curry and others masala . they got also tika chicken . the couple of things changed over the years , now they make the naan bread way in advance and try to keep it warm in a container so sometimes you can get cold slight warm naan and the thali combos used to come with a small salad on the rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food at thali is great and certainly beats some of the indian food i have had at other expensive indian restaurants . the price is cheap ( about $ 9 for a combo plate that includes 2 meat choices , 1 veggie , rice , salad and naan - it is cheaper if you want vegetarian ) . the choices are pretty good , there is butter chicken , a few curries and a bunch of vegetarian dishes . recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is delicious and affordable indian food . it 's so affordable i almost want to offer more . something so delicious seems like it should cost more , somehow ! there is sometimes a lineup and there arent many places to sit but it 's well worth the wait . it 's no secret that this place is great so plan ahead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing curry . sooooo affordable . butter chicken is to die for . chicken tikka done great . been dozens of times and will go back . their naan bread is wicked . feels authentic in terms of the food . minus the beef curry but still delicious . go . eat . here . when you crave curry . 5 stars for excellent value to $ spent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to give this restaurant a shot after reading the reviews and it 's not bad at all ! the atmosphere is n't as quaint and not that spot clean either but the food looked okay . i had the starter and to be honest , i 've had better than this before . it does n't look promising and delicious . the food for their buffet does n't seem fresh when you peep through the glass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of the best inidian restos in its class ( low frills , low $ ) in montreal . run by friendly , happy people who can cook this spot was a real find ( thanks yelp ) . went there with my girlfriend last night before going to the soulless amc for soulless comedy . definitely the best part of the night . very tasty plate of food for $ 8 . guy came around to deliver steaming hot naan right out of the oven . will definitely be going back . my only complaint is that it 's not closer to my house and there 's not much life in its neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super delicious and affordable indian food . their butter chicken is to die for . i literally ordered it 4 nights in a row ! their nan is super fresh and home made . ca n't miss !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice combo , i particularly dont like big chucks of beef thrown in a curry but it was good nonetheless . takeout would be better option as the place is quite small .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thali = value for money plus $ 9 for a non-veg thali is a steal deal - an assortment of meats and vegetarian accompanied with indian bread and rice . veg thali goes for $ 8 dessert is not bad either service is quick ( esp . for take outs ) not so plus i think the one `` do n't have it '' dish here is the biryani - it was terrible - tasted like spicy rice with shredded chicken in it . seriously ! ! i do n't like it when someone messes with a biryani.. : p i could be very critical when it comes to indian food - to me this place is a-ok . i have had better butter chicken 's and biryanis and both of them here are not up to my standards . i 've found another place that serves a decent biryani - but will blah about it in my next review price is tax included decor - nothing to mention service - passable no wifi", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a little disappointed at this place , their curry is not warm enough , my stomache does not feel well after eating their curry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love indian food and i am used to eat a lot of it . thali is very small and usually packed so most of the time , i call in to order and go pick up my food . i 've tried almost everything but i stick to the butter chicken as it is my favourite east-indian dish . naan bread is usually not that warm which sucks because it would taste better if it was served very hot . be careful , 80 % of their food is very spicy ! +++ : they sell thumbs up : ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good indian take out . quick service and not expensive . the only issue is that it 's a bit small to sit and always full . you will have to sit elbow to elbow with strangers , take out is the best option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small and quaint with too many tables . it 's very difficult to maneuver around , which sucked being they were busy ! staff was nice and welcoming which i always like . sadly though that was n't enough . the food was underwhelming . if they boosted the seasoning ( not necessarily pepper ) a few notches it would have helped flavor . anyway , the naan was salty ( and i love salt ) , the curry lamb was bland and low on curry , the butter chicken lacked flavor , and the peas were also flavorless . i 'm used to indian food being rich with flavor ... .that was not the case here . the rice was fine and that seasoned cracker thingy okay . hopefully they can improve on flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decided to try this place since i live right nearby . when i walked in , it was n't packed and it was n't fully clear whether you order at the cash first or at the food counter . fyi you pay first and then receive your food . i chose a thali mix of lamb curry , butter chicken , and chana masala . the butter chicken was kind of bland so i have definitely had better considering this is a staple in most places . the rest was very good . i really enjoy the amount of food they give you for the money . another thing i tried was the meat and vege samosas . i am a pretty big meat eater , but the vegetarian samosa is the better of the two . very tasty ! the place does have a quick cafeteria cafe feel . this means that you do n't get the full sit down restaurant feel , but it does allow you to get your food as fast as possible . great for takeout !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the tandoori chicken with naan and rice while my friend ordered the palak paneer . the chicken was really dry but if you can look past that , the flavours were great . my friend loved the palak paneer but could n't finish it because it was another level of spicy . the naan was a little different from what i group up with from my friends ' parents ' cooking ( there was a large indo-canadian population where i grew up ) ; it was kinda fluffy and tasted like pancakes -- not necessarily a bad thing but definitely not what i was looking for . the service was top-notch . the girl at the cash was super friendly and so were the guys in the back . i 'd probably still come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know if we are talking about the same restaurant as the other reviewers because the thali i went to on rue st. marc was quite simply plain . the chicken was previously frozen from it 's texture , the chutney was the most liquid i ever had and the samosa were as they say in french `` fade '' . the friendliness of the staff is the same as i would imaging at a prison cafeteria . the only successful thing was the nunn bread . i will not be returning to this place and am bummed i got talked into trying indian cuisine in montreal . lost a perfect occasion to try something special .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is wicked ! i definitely enjoyed eating here . the food is great and cheap.. just the way i like it . you will be full after eating here . i met a south indian who was in montreal for two months with work . when i ask whether he had been to this restaurant before his response was `` everyday '' . i had gotten a mango lassi with my meal ( because i felt like spoiling myself ) . i was pretty good especially given the fact that it was pre-made . just before leaving we ordered chai . it took a while to make it as it was made from scratch but was definitely worth the wait . it was one of the best chai i have had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice already , and i have to agree with some of the reviews here . it 's cheap , but that 's about it . the place is not very large and there are only about 10 tables all crammed into it . this evening a man inadvertently slammed into his neighbour 's table and knocked over one of said neighbour 's dishes ... .with the yet untouched food in it ! that 's how cramped the seating area is ; as for the food , nothing to write home about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant has much improved since it first opened and they now have great food with fantastic portions and amazing prices . i am a huge fan and love having it in the hood", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst indian restaurants i 've been to . this is not authentic indian food , most of it is watered down , generic and caters to the north american pallete . the ambiance is nice complete with authentic works of indian art around but the food is terrible , if you are into indian food and or looking for a new indian restaurant to try , i do not recommend this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "solid , affordable indian food . enjoyed the butter chicken and chili chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ah ! there is nothing like a cafeteria . raw and sentimental heartache relics of high school . the cafeteria is the great social schism . i could n't sit with the cool kids because i was coming down with a fever that day . the jocks we 're not shy with wedgies . i sat with the geeks , only because they thought i was good in math . really i was n't . all that fore wording to articulate that the restaurant does not serve tables . order , receive and pay at the counter . now , where do i socially belong ? where can i sit ? who can i sit next to ? fortunately , i was the only patron there . painful introspection avoided ! i had the lamb and beef thali . i tasted a well blend of mustard seeds , cumin , chili and cloves . well portioned and the spinach side dish was also of equivalent amount . i never enjoy the papadam or any , not just theirs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the visual of the plate might not be satisfying , but this place is more like a `` quick take-out cafeteria '' than a restaurant . if this was a serious restaurant for dating , eating out with family , and etc. , i 'd given 2 or 3 , but c'mon , this place is cheap and fast . we should appreciate that they have much better quality than other fast-food restaurants . service was also friendly , and you do n't have to pay any tip . although it may not seem so when you first get the plate , three curries , naan , and rice will fill you up . not the best i 've experienced for the price in north america ( that 's why i 'm giving 4 , not 5 ) , but still decent for price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great ! thali ( 3 dishes , butter naan , rice and salad ) for less than $ 10 ( vege or non-vege ) . if you like spicy food i definitely recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a secret gem off the path . delicious and quite reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst food you will ever eat especially if you are vegetarian . it 's a disgrace to the indian cuisine and the foreigners who come and taste it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoyed thali for exactly what it is - good , fast and affordable indian cuisine . it 's not an impressive restaurant but the selection is quite good and you simply ca n't beat the amount of food you get for the price . the meat thali ( 2 meat dishes , 1 veg dish , rice , salad & naan ) is really good - enough food for two meals for me . and at t $ 9 , it 's a perfect way to get a big selection of food at a small price . i would , however , prefer that they use boneless meats in their dishes but i was n't surprised that they did n't - that is usually big factor in the pricing of indian dishes . they also have a great selection of appetizers at $ 1 - $ 3 a pop.. i will definitely stop by for a good snack in the near future . all in all , a great find in montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best indian food in town . their butter chicken is the best i 've ever had . all their veggie sides are good , too . i order from them a lot and the food always arrived in less than 25 minutes . only thing to improve would be to include more papadam . i always pay for 2-3 extra papadams but almost always get only one . go there though , you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to have indian authentic food ... please try this place . my favorite part are their snacks . i feel i am having the street from mumbai ! if you get there by 11am , you are good but 11:30 , the place is jam packed . the food is full of flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really ca n't believe i 'm just now getting around to reviewing this place since we meet here for lunch or dinner at least once every couple of weeks . as far as i 'm concerned , it is the best of what this part of town does so well . a very satisfying amount of good food for cheap . i do n't know how 'real deal ' this indian food is , but i promise that the average $ 10 price tag for some amazing eats does not leave me pondering the experience . i pretty much always get the thali , but recently i switched it up for the pita sandwich ( which is a bunch of delicious stuff wrapped in naan bread ) and was pleasantly surprised by the flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food for the price i 've been going to this place for years and still love it the wraps are super good and my favourites items are the butter chicken , cheese spinach , and lamb curry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my only go-to take out spot . for price and quality it does n't get any better than this . you are so full after the 9 $ thali plate and do n't forget to wash it down with their awesome mango lassi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good for what it is . it 's a very tasty , very inexpensive , tiny cafeteria-ish place . do n't expect luxury , just very good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food at a great price.. the place is way too small and imo , it should be more of a take-out delivery place than a sit-down place but the food is just great ! they really need to hook-up with just-eat or a-la-carte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are looking for quite less expensive indian meal in the middle of downtown , then this is it . food tastes ok to be frank . but i will give thumbs up for the service it is quick . i have been there 4-5 times now , non-veg thali is on my hit list there . tried chana bhatura once , did not like the chana and bhatura was also ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a great meal there - friendly , quick service and really good food that does n't skimp on the spice . for the area , it 's a great value - especially the non-vegetarian thali , which is excellent . there are , of course , cheaper and better places in montreal , up in little india ( near jean-talon - i 'm thinking of bombay mahal and maison indian curry ) but in the downtown and downtown-proximate area , this is the closest i 've found . definitely a go-to place when you 've got a craving for good indian food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the best choice for indian in the downtown area . veggie pakora , chana samosa , veggie thali and ras malai are all great . chana samosa is the best choice if youre in a hurry . the best curry choice is the saag paneer . i love their reusable dishes ! ! thank you ! they have consistent friendly service also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place . the food is delicious , the prices are super cheap and the staff was friendly and prompt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice people , good food , cheap , this is a great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "less expensive and student friendly ... worth the price..all vegetarian dishes , starters and meat tastes yum.but the chicken i taste did n't taste fresh.. ( we have bought 5 to 6 times . everytime , the chicken seemed to taste odd ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for dinner while visiting montreal and was underwhelmed . had the beef curry , butter chicken and saag paneer . every curry i had was runny and fairly bland . do n't see myself returning when i 'm back in town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "want to like this place as the value is amazing . 3 choice thali 's for like 10 $ tax included ! problem is i cant stand the spices they use . always find myself forcing it down . seems very popular though amongst students . maybe im just too picky ? regardless im not a fan..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "indian food is my weakness , so descovering this place had a double importance for me : i needed to eat something quickly and i wanted to discover a new indien restaurant in montreal . the samoza was delicious , but very spicy and too many ingredients on the plate . looking weird . the mango yogurt was too sweet . why do they add so much sugar if they use good mangos . the condensed milk desserts were delicious . prices were really friendly : cad 12 for the meal . the place is not for people who want to take their time , enjoying the meal in a nice atmosphere . it 's crowdy , not very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was okay once i was able to eat it . ordered delivery to my hotel room . it came without any plates or eating utensils . really ? ? ? ? had to hunt and forage for a plastic spoon . all in all not my best take out experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food for a great price . i came here with two friends and we ordered one vegetarian platter and one meat platter and had way more than enough food to share . at $ 10 a platter , you certainly ca n't beat the price for the amount of food you receive . the food was flavorful and the naan was amazing- very fresh and fluffy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great small place and really unbeatable prices if you like to try a bit of everything . as other posters here have mentioned , they have a vegetarian thali and meat thali for around $ 9.00 and you get either all vegetarian choices or 2 meat + 1 vegetarian option . comes with naan rice papadam bread . i love their butter chicken and chicken curry but the last few times it was a bit lacking in flavour . i think it 's just not as consistent , but that being said , i am rarely disappointed . great place for take out and if you are n't looking for a thali special , their menu actually has some great options as well . i love their chana samosa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simple , inexpensive , and quick ! good for lunch and dinner . the staff is friendly , and the food is delicious . the only real downside is that the place is small , and with the tables and many patrons , can feel a bit cramped . great authentic indian sweets ! definitely worth a visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i highly recommend the paneer wrap ! ! ! freshly baked naan bread filled with lettuce , red onions , tomatoes , mayonnaise , potatoes and paneer cheese . messy to eat but so delicious ! perfect for those who do n't want food that 's too spicy . the thali is also excellent . the place is small but cosy , and the service is great . the prices are really affordable too . to be honest , i do n't have anything bad to say about this place ! they always exceed my expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the combination plate comes with three curries ( 2 meat and 1 vegetable ) , rice , naan , and a 'salad ' ( some lettuce ) is a great value for the price . the chicken curry was good and the beef was dry . i also tried their onion bhajis . the good : price and speed . naan and a papadum were included the bad : the beef was dry . the onion bhajis were dry and tasted old . the divided plate was more awkward and messy than a regular plate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything about this place is right . a good deal , a good portion , a good vegetarian option . the lassi is a bit expensive ( 3 bucks ) especially considering that 7.50 grants you rice , papadom , fresh bread ans 3 curries . i love this place . i love how they say they wanted to bring `` parc-ex '' flair downtown . i love the lapdidadida dadadiiiidada playing in the back . it is just so freaking charming ! the restaurant has a really legit dining room and great places nearby the window . sit your ass there have a shot . the curries are n't fancy at all , a bit on the bland side and somewhat untextured . but still ... quality price ratio is just that much awesome . so yeah ... you must add it to your list ... !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'ai command\u00e9 un plat v\u00e9g\u00e9tarien avec trois choix . \u00e7a l'air pas mal dans la photo , mais il s'agit de l\u00e9gumes surgel\u00e9 . le naan n'est pas bien chaud et le riz n'est pas fra\u00eechement cuit . m\u00eame si je suis pas une experte en cuisine indienne , je suis quand m\u00eame capable si c'est frais ou pas . m\u00eame si \u00e7a go\u00fbte pas tr\u00e8s bon , mais c'\u00e9tait quand m\u00eame acceptable jusqu'\u00e0 j'ai trouv\u00e9 un cheveu noir , court et courb\u00e9e dans dans mon riz ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's definitely a hole in the wall . came here with my friends for a long weekend . their food definitely has a kick to it . the best deal is to get a plate served cafeteria style with your choice of 2 meats and a veggie . came out to about $ 10 per plate . their butter chicken was very good , but the other curries did n't blow me away . great place to eat after a few drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a south asian place serving the biggest hits of indian cuisine , with some personal twist on it . i 've had the followings : the kebab wrap , which is excellent . the kebab is moist , while spicy at the same time . i always pay the extra 1 $ to get butter chicken sauce inside of my warp . the contrast between the roasted meat and the sweet and salty sauce is absolutely magical . the various curries in a thali : some of them , such as the butter chicken , the lentil pea based curries , and the goat curry are amazing and has quite a lot of layers of complexity . other curries such as the potatoes and cauliflower tends to be a bit blander . test them to see which one you prefer ; ) . the biryani is actually pretty good , packing both spices , quite a lot of meat and rice . really refreshing raita too . the samosas , while packing flavour , tend to be on the smaller side of things for 1 $ , and the gulab jamun is microwaved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing work ! the entire experience was great from start to finish . mark was incredibly pleasant and very quick to respond , had the estimate within a few days of the 1st phone call i made . they were able to schedule me right in no problem which was a relief because i had a deadline . the crew was awesome ! very friendly and they had the work done so fast ! my yard was a hot mess before and they turned it into a beautiful green lawn in no time flat . the price was incredibly reasonable and the quality worth way more in my opinion . they had the work quoted and done before another company i had called even got back to me with an estimate ! would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , good prices , reliable , they take pride in their work . we continue to use them for both of our properties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is as good as it gets . the sensory and educational exhibits are well organized and thought out . i suggest going to the web site to check out value packs and group rates for admission . as of june 08 , food selection is only snacks ( chips , candy ) from the gift shop , so plan to eat somewhere else . my favorite exhibits have to be the cd glittering wall and the noodle forest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not really geared for kids younger than five or six since there were so many older kids ( 10-12 years old ) running around and knocking the little kids over . the employees were unhelpful at keeping it a safe environment . very disappointed . i wo n't risk my kids safety . on another note , it 's way overpriced . it 's ridiculous that you pay for admission and then you have to pay for lockers since you ca n't bring anything through the museum . i had heard great things but we left after an hour of trying to do the different exhibits with our kids .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a must do with kids in phoenix . easily the best children 's museum i 've ever been to . huge , fun , full of variety . the giant tree structure that greets you when you walk in is amazing - i wish i got the chance to play in one of those when i was a kid ! ! ! the grocery store was beautiful wreck - my kids went nuts running from station to station , shopping , paying , restocking , making pizza , serving pizza . they were on fire . it 's a bit expensive - $ 11 for a 1 year old ? really ? but hey in the end if you 're kids are 2+ you 'll get your moneys worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted so badly to give this place a 5 star rating , but i have a hard time giving it a 5 because the price really is unfair , especially for toddlers and adults . one adult should be free with each kid . charging $ 11 for me to chase my kids around this place is ridiculous . charging me $ 11 for my toddler , also not cool . he is really only big enough to appreciate like half of it . he should be half price . but my older children ( two eight year olds and a four year old ) had a blast . they ran all over the playground which is absolutely the coolest thing ever . i wish it would n't let out on the third floor , because it made me nervous that my four year old would wander off out of my sight , and they do n't have any system in place to make sure that adults leave with the children they belong with . the bike area is really cool too . the noodle forest is really , really cool . kids had a blast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we can on the 1st free friday of the month day . this is just a huge in door play ground for kids . my daughter is 10 and she had some fun but not as much as younger kids would have . not really what i expected and if you come on the free day expect to wait if you do n't get there early , luckily we did and did n't have to wait at all and there is 1000 of kids everywhere . so if you want your kid to enjoy it do n't come on the free day", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came for firstfridays and had a blast . everything was free except food but they gave us a coupon . the volunteers were friendly and knowledgable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the adult only play date and had a great time . i will be bringing my grandchildren here soon ! there is so much to do , the facility is clean and well organized , and a lot of fun . the play date despite being sold out was not `` oversold . '' lines were not extreme for activities and there was plenty to do . what a great night and i ca n't wait to go to the next one . great museum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now that i have a kiddo of my own , this was a very different experience for me . lots of things for a toddler to do and play with . my daughter loves the little mail box corner in one of the rooms , and the toddler play area was really cute . the noodle forest was well , kind of crazy . even though it says walk , there were at least 5 kids running like mad through there . annoying . the little cafe is also not great . it 's probably a better idea to bring your own snacks . i had the absolute worse hot dog of my life in there . besides that..a great place to spend a 110 degree day . the tree at the entrance is pretty spectacular to climb too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're in the military or a veteran , make sure you mention it for a discount ! just bring in some form of proof . we saved $ 11 by doing this . my 4-year old loved this place . he had a blast - especially on the tree house playground thing . i love to see the recycled items throughout the museum : old cd 's , milk cartons , and shoes were made into decorative displays - so creative ! the staff there were amazing . they were easy to find throughout the entire museum . my son got hit in the eye by another child and within 30 seconds , an employee came over to see if we needed an ice pack or anything . it was so nice . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now , once about 2 years ago , and once about a few days ago . it really has n't changed in all that time , ever activity is the same . i 'd keep that in mind if you ever want to purchase an annual pass , i would recommend just doing the day thing to be honest . it 's a great place overall though for kids , i would say no older than 8 . it is a very hands-on museum with lots of cool activities for the kids . they can paint , do crafts , climb a huge obstacle course , play with cars , ride tricycles , etc . it 's really cool to just bring your kid and have them run wild for a good 2-3 hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a cool place to bring the kids downtown . i used to always wonder what the inside of this old building looked like and now that they have made this into a museum for kids i have been able to check out the whole inside . they have lots of stuff for the kids inside and out . they have special hours when the kids are out of school so check online for that before you head out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much for the kids to do and not too busy on weekdays . they have a lot of staff . the snackbar is awesome and not too expensive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found a groupon for this attraction and took my son ( 7 ) and daughter ( 3 ) and wife ( 25 and holding ) on saturday 4 12 14 . we had a blast , best $ 25 i 've spent on wholesome family entertainment in a long while . very clean and easy to navigate , with tons of interactive features for kids and parents to enjoy . my kids loved the 3 story tree house type structure , where they can navigate and climb through a variety of turns and ladders , to find a different vantage point to shout out `` here i am mommy , look at me ! ! '' the painting room is great for showing off your artistic talents with a brush and giant castle as a pallet . lots of fun and interesting features to capture your child 's imagination . i 'd highly recommend this place to anyone with kids under the age of 10 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place for kids ages 2-9 the 9-10 crowd has limited things to do . the even older kids ( ie : tweens and teens who lets face it , are still kids but in a bigger body ) can not do anything aside from the art room ... but ... you still pay for their admission ! ! ! ! my beef : i 'd love this place if they did n't charge admission for adults and the older kids who are told by the pcm staff that they are too big to play . as a family with kids ages 2y-11y ... we all can not come here anymore and have fun . oh yeah , school groups should be limited during the week to a certain , bearable amount , and being told to come in the early afternoon by pcm staff as a remedy to this , not cool . as a previous member for 3 consecutive years , i do miss this place , but wish it had less of a for profit feel . maybe we would come back then , and i 'd have better things to say .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome place for the kids ! especially if they 're adhd ! lol ... seriously . tons of fun stuff for them to do , upstairs and down . cars , racetracks , vaccuum funnels , trikes , all kinds of stuf , all hands on ! spring break deal , $ 25 off all yearly memberships . it 's a bargain considering . this is the place to take the kids when it 's 110 degrees outside ! they love it and so will you . take it from gino , i have 3 little ones and they all love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the museum is located in the historic and beautiful monroe school building and to call it amazing is an understatement . so much to see and do for babies to toddlers to school age children . the annual pass prices are reasonable and a great deal considering you can take your kids when it 's too hot to play outdoors in the summer and too cold in the winter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fun take ur time , let ur kids explore , theres alot of stimuli for them to take in . bring lunch @ drinx cuz cafeteria is pricey . put all ur stuff in locker & enjoy . sit out on front steps for lunch . some valley libraries offer a culture pass for free adm on that day only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my 3rd trip over the past year with my 4-yr-old grandson ! he loves it ... especially the new `` flying bathtub '' ! ! it 's fun for gramma , too ... once i figured out where the stairways were so i did n't need to crawl down the chutes ! ! lol he finds different areas of interest ways to play with things on each visit and it 's just an overall fun place to go ! ! i do wish they had some kid-friendly lunch places in walking distance ... got in the car to find lunch and did n't make it back to the museum ! ! : - (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am only sad that we did n't have enough time here ! we were here in october & the weather was around 90 . we did n't get to do the outside stuff because it was sooo hot . make sure to go early enjoy the outside then move inside for the rest of the afternoon . the only negative we had was that the outside picnic area was not convenient once the outside play area closed . i 'm hoping the remodeling they were doing was to fix this . the kids did n't want to leave . they loved figuring out what recycled items were used to create the new item . we spent most of the time climbing up the play structure even daddy got in on it . i loved the grocery store . how amazing to use recycled containers that they see every day for mass play . i wish we lived closer so that we could go more often . it is 100 % geared towards children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is all over the place keeping an eye on what 's going on and to i force the rules like no bags in the walk cage thing that goes three stories up . there are three levels full of roomed for kids of all ages and mental ability . there is an out door area , but unless it is winter time the actual us should be limited due to the heat and heating of the equipment , since there is no shade . they have a little cafe type area but it is rather small and traffic from the out side play area goes through it . over all it 's a great place to for kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're visiting the phoenix area with kids 10 10 and under , this is a must ! i came with my 8 month old and 4 year old and they both had loads to do ! there is a huge industrial - looking tree thingamabob for you ahugnd kids to climb . definitely a place to burn off some energy or just read a book . they even have have the cutest nursing nook .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great museum , if it 's open ! pretty disappointing to drive here to find the place closed on a saturday afternoon . web site , near as i can tell , makes no clear mention that they would be closed or why . only when you click the tiny and seemingly innocuous `` gala 2011 '' link does the story unfold . disappointed kids , frustrated parents .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is n't much here for kids under 2 years old . but the grocery shopping area is killer . i wish we had a hands-on exhibit like that in our area . i was disappointed this museum has no reciprocity with other museums . but our visit was worth the cost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this would be a perfect review if it was n't for all the parents with the obscenely gigantic strollers taking up the whole place , which is n't really the museums fault . with that being said , this place is incredible . my little girl had so much fun climbing on the play structure and working in the art studio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place . as soon as you walk in , other than the super blaster , and much needed , air conditioning , you are greeted with a playscape straight out of every kid 's imagination . 2nd floor offers painting , a fort building room , a room for babies and a pretend carwash with tricycles . the kids loved it . 3rd floor has the legendary `` noodle forest '' , reading room , and race car zone at the end of the building . you can easily get your kiddos tired out before or after nap . i enjoyed it and it was truly a joy . it is cheaper than the science center and highly effective if your little ones are under 7 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely incredible . so thoughtfully designed and fun for kids . my boys are 2 and 5 and it was perfect for them . not a detail is overlooked and i love that there is sort of an industrial feel to the museum with so many items that appear to be repurposed . it 's really a neat place and really allows little ones to explore !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would be a great place if adults did n't have to pay , since they ca n't do anything anyway . followed and watched the kids to their thing and it was $ 11 person . adults should be free or 1 2 price . i looked at it as $ 44 for 4 of us , 2 are the only ones who really participated , so $ 22 per child was way too much for what they had . noodle room and the fort were the best things there , other than that , was n't a whole lot for kids who are older .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we spent a fantastic day at the children 's museum . our three ( almost ) year old boy and our 18 month old daughter had a blast . i did n't think we 'd be able to pull our boy away from the air tubes near the entrance . but once we finally did , i did n't think we 'd be able to pull him away from the huge climbing apparatus . it seemed like with each exhibit we went to , he could n't get enough . i could understand why . many of the gadgets were fun for adults too . it really was a great place for a toddler to see and experience new things . what a great day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an incredible place ! everything is hands on and the kids have a blast ! ca n't believe i have n't taken my son here before lol we will be come back soon ! the noodle forest , the grocery store , art room everything was way more then i expected ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had a few play areas and reading areas but it was n't what we were expecting . as a `` museum '' . the kids really did n't enjoy themselves and the play area outside was closed ( in the winter ) . the whole facility was very clean and climbing structure downstairs was very fun . we will give it another try when the kids are a little older .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we absolutely love the children 's museum . i have an infant & toddler , & it 's the perfect place to keep them both entertained . we try to visit at least once a month & it never gets old . the baby toddler room is my kid 's favorite . i definitely recommend this place for anyone with children ages birth to 9 years old ! there 's a little something for children of all ages . here 's a video from our last trip there : http : www.youtube.com watch ? v=0g-ogky4yb0 & sns=em", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a ton of fun for kids . so many rooms and activities for them to stay entertained for hours . $ 12 per person for everyone over 1 year old as of today , at least . my niece and nephew loved it . totally worth it and will definitely come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of stuff for even little ones to enjoy ! stopped here to play one day with our 22 month old on our vacation last week . we live in indianapolis , home of one of the biggest and best children 's museums in the country , but we were so pleasantly surprised by this museum ! unlike the indy museum , which is great for `` kids '' of all ages , the phoenix children 's museum is a great place especially for little ones . i think we hit just about every section . our little guy 's favorites were the noodle forest ( which i thought was really fun too ) , the tricycle `` carwash '' lane , the kitchen market , and the `` floating '' ping pong ball air tubes . not too overwhelming for a half day 's fun , but we could have easily made a full day out of it . we 'll be sure to visit again on our next trip", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the yelp part for the first time w my hubby and had a great time . if i had kids i would take them to the museum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come all the time on 1st fridays . its free admission ! today was for a play date with my daughters friends . the girls are all around three years old . it was 11 $ to get in ( each ) which i thought was steep . one of the moms did find a `` groupon '' for today ! bummed i missed out on it . : ( we got there at 9 in the morning , and it wasnt to busy at all . i packed a lunch , we ate outside the cafe , and the girls okay d in the equipment . around 1230 it was pretty busy , but all in all we had a great time there . i 'll probably just stick to going on first fridays though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing . so much to do and plenty of staff all around to make it fun . we went on a weekend and it was n't too crowded . pricing was fair at 11 dollars compared to other museums we 've visited on vacation in the past ( burlington , austin ) . the variety and size were most impressive . not sure how much it changes over time but probably good for many visits over the course of a year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , we 're here for the target sponsored first free friday . instead of having us wait to get in at the normal shaded enterance , they decided to treat their visitors like unwelcome beggars and make us line up in the sun , around the back of the building . why ? what is the reason for this ? it 's 117\u00b0 degrees ! this museum is geared toward babies , toddlers , and little kids . why would they make us wait in the sun ? ! ? again , it 's 117\u00b0 . get it together people ! this is a heath hazard . again , there is absolutely no reason for us waiting in the sun ! this is the treatment i will remember the next time i consider spending several hundred dollars on a membership for my family . i wo n't .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome ! i so with flagstaff had something like this . fun for the whole family . from the climbing structure to the `` kid run '' grocery store and cafe , we had a great time . my fav place in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 4 year old had tons of fun here . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to visit . i expected crowds to drive me crazy , but there is a lot of space . the large climb on structure was impressive . lots of different play and learn ideas than we have at home . our 3yo was planning a return as we left !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent for kids a lot of fun activities , stimulates curiosity , physical activities", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really fun and educational and interactive . we had a great time here ! loved the large jungle gym in the front !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a fabulous place to take your little ones , or , as in my case , the grandkids to . and today and tomorrow , you can get your tickets for half price and use them anytime in the next 6 months at jitcaz.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! i brought my 8 and 6 year old girls to escape the afternoon heat . once we entered and saw all the much younger children , i was worried the 8 year old would be bored after a few minutes . i was wrong . both of my daughters loved it and i had a hard time getting them to leave after 3 hours . one thing to note , it was extremely busy with all the busses of school kids . once they left , it was much easier for my kids to interact with everything at the museum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ... there is so much for your child to do and explore . i bring my kids to the children 's museum a couple times a month and we always have fun . i especially love the arts and crafts room and the little grocery store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had one day in town and wanted to cram in a few activities with my 6yo . chose the children 's museum and wound up spending the whole day there . fabulous space with enough to keep a kid busy and playing with others for an entire day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best children 's museum we have ever been to . even awesome for our little 10 month old . so wonderful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a friends baby shower . they had rented a room upstairs for the baby shower which was spacious . we were able to have the shower and then take the kids who were there around to play afterwards . i did n't get to see every section but everywhere i went all the kids seemed to be having a blast . the employees were so friendly as well . the parking was dreadful , but we did go on a saturday so it makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic place for all kids 8 and younger ! from sensory activities , physical activities , math , science , art crafts and classes , this place is sure to have your child sleeping on the way home . membership prices are reasonable , with access to many free educational classes upon sign up . a must visit for any tourists with small kids and a necessity for all parents in the valley . they also host multiple engaging classes and camps for all ages . would be 10 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 2 and 5 yr old love this place . so much hands on staff well knowledge and very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so many different activities for everyone to enjoy . entrance price of $ 11 is very reasonable . food in the cafe is healthy and tasty . the grammar teacher in me would like the sign in the cafe corrected . it has 5 spelling and punctuation errors . i know , i am just being picky . this is a wonderful place to enjoy on a hot phoenix day ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for kids and kids at heart ! helpful and friendly staff made for a nice first visit ! the facility is large enough to keep kids busy at different activities and the cleanliness was great ! i 'd recommend for other families to visit as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took our 2 year old there . she had a blast . so much to do . everybody is helpful and friendly . she loved playing in the large thing in front . kind of a large piece of artwork . we will be back despite the 30 minute drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i 'm a nanny so i bring the children here & there 's something for every age child , they stay busy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! what a great place for the children . went for the first time with my sister and our kids , they are both 2 and they loved it . will be going back for sure and will be taking my 6,8 year old this time . must visit place . so much to do and very creative place for the kids", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is one of the best children 's museums that we have been to . it is clean and has activities for all ages . some are very interactive and there are individuals who monitor things . we went to a birthday party here and it was done so professionally and the kids had a great time . i am sure it comes at a price but we love going here even on a spur of the moment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3 and 4 year old love the place . it kept them busy for hours . the only reason it does n't get the full 5 starts is because i think it is more for toddlers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed going with my son and his school the place seem pretty clean . the staff was friendly i think the only thing that i did n't like is the outside play area was dirty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kids love this place . they can spend all day here . buy the membership its worth it , with just 2-3 visits you have gotten your money 's worth and you have a year 's worth of visits to go for free ! well , at least this is how i sell it to my self . things to do with your kids : climb the `` tree , '' run the noodle forest , play with the car racers , and play with the marbel ball obstacle course .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! very impressed with the activities and staff , our two year old had a great time ! wish we had something like this in the l.a area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this museum for 3 years now . we have memberships which are extremely affordable and pay or themselves in 4 visits alone ! i highly recommended anyone with infants to kids as old as 12 . there is so much to do and they learn so much . there is a cafe to buy good but bringing your own will save you . they have lockers to store your items . my favorite thing about this place is there is a 3 years and younger where it 's not too rowdy or aggressive with the older kids . definitely the place to hang for new moms !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have taken the kids here twice now . such a great time , both trips . for having a million kids a day , it is clean and there is stuff for both my 20 month old and 3 year older . will come again for sure . fyi groupon has a two for 11 deal . comes in handy when they charge 11 for everyone 1 and up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i just recently had our wedding on their second and third floor . it was perfect . alex wurth at the museum helped us coordinate everything , offered amazing ideas , and made us feel like the most special people on the planet . i 'd recommend this place just because of him , but there is so much else going for it . the art studio is absolutely stunning and you could spend hours in the noodle forest . a good find while venue hunting , but an even greater find in a person like alex . thank you guys so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here for the yelp event recently and loved it . the facility was great and yelp did a good job putting together the event . i noticed there was a lot to do there . i am already planning to come back with my nephews so i can have fun walking around the mock grocery store . i 'm also looking forward to racing my nephews through the car wash on tricycles . bring energy when you come and prepare to have fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've taken our kids to the museum twice now - it 's become one of our absolute favorite family destinations for when we 're in the phoenix area . there is so much to do and see for everyone , from babies to big kids . during the holidays , as can be expected , it 's super busy and it 's a challenge to keep track of everyone as they 're dashing from one exciting room to the next , but it 's worth it to see your children have that much fun in a learning environment . we 've visited a number of different children 's museums and this one is the best we 've found so far . i highly recommend the children 's museum of phoenix to anyone with kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought the kiddos here to check it out and found that they really had a wide variety of activities . my daughter loved the art area , the big climbing tower and the little pretend area ( store , ice cream stand and kitchen ) . my son enjoyed the toddler room and the shopping area ( mainly pushing the carts ! ) . facilities were nice and clean and it was n't super crowded . i felt it was a bit pricey ( $ 11 per person ) especially since there was no adult vs. child rate as i 've seen in other children 's museums .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went first sunday of the month thanks bofa , museum is cute ! only if you 're with a kid or if you are at a yelp adult only event !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've probably been here over 100 times . the great thing about this place is that they keep updating it . the newest thing is the outside playground . inside there are three floors with various activities . the climbing structure on the bottom floor is the flagship apparatus in the entire museum . even adults can try their hand at going from the bottom to the top . the art room always has something different every time you go . kids of all ages will find different activities that will challenge them and keep them occupied for hours . a little side perk is that an annual membership can be partially tax-deductible . this is definitely a great place to visit with kids .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son loves this museum . we go there evey week . each week he finds new things to spend long time . i highly recommend it to every toddler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had just as much fun as any kid there , and i was hung over ! what a fun place ! right when you walk in , there are tubes that line a giant wall . you pick up scarves an push them into the tubes , and the scarves are whisked through bends in the tubes with air , eventually firing out of one of many exits that can be changed by turning knobs . in the same room there is a giant sculpture that you can climb up the interior of , for a total of 3 stories of climbing fun . each of the 3 levels of the building have entertaining and interactive exhibits for all ages . we brought our 11 month old daughter there , and she had a blast ! highlights : wrench xylophone on the 2nd floor noodle forest on the second floor scarf tubes on 1st floor giant 3 story climbing sculpture the building itself is cool , it is an old converted high school . if you hate having fun , stay home ! but if you are one of the few that like fun , then go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked coming here for the mac counters . there are two . this clothing store is like macy 's in the united states . they offer different departments ranging from youthful junior to trendy to upscale designer . i used this store as a central marker on my travel trips on yonge . they have a great cosmetic department and accessories .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convenient location from the subway but i think this location gets a lot of walk ins to cut across to get somewhere than people actually shopping . for such a central location there never seems to be anyone in the actual store . the layout is a bit confusing and a bit choppy and the staff look bored out of their minds . selection is of course smaller here but on the plus note if you see something in another bay and it 's out of stock then check here . spend an extra few minutes of your time and head to the bay by eaton centre ( yeah i know it 's not called that anymore but i still call it that ) . bigger sometimes is better : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst bay location in toronto . the customer service is appalling -any time i 'm there , the staff is either too busy chatting to acknowledge your existence or look at you like you just crawled out of the trash if you dare ask them a question or for help . the store is really dated and desperately needs a facelift and they definitely do n't have the same selection as other locations . even though i live a few blocks away from yonge and bloor , i would way rather go to the eaton centre location where the employees are helpful and friendly , and there is significantly better choice in products .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "anyone who knows me will tell you - i love the bay ! and i 'm 27 , the demographic they 've been trying to re-secure after the decline of the department store . this is a terrible location . to begin - they do n't have a lot of stuff . compared to the bay at yorkdale and queen they 're lacking , particularly in housewares . i went to get a le creuset pot and had to drive all over looking at other stores because they had 2 colours and no sizes . their dressing rooms are awful . one time , i went with my friends and the whole room smelled like bo . they are often short staffed in all departments and , there is one employee who totally makes up rules about friends and family events and vip discounts . i really wish they 'd give this place a facelift . it is my local bay and it is not a shining example of how awesome the bay can be .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this store makes me cringe . with their offices just above it you 'd think they 'd have it together ... but you 'd be wrong . not only is this place under staffed but when you finally do find someone they know nothing about their products . seriously here 's an example : me : which of these frying pans is the best ? sales person : this one . me : why ? sales person : because it 's the most expensive . me : ... sales person : and it has a celebrity on it . this all after a long hunt for the staff member that actually worked in the aforementioned section . i 've been here dozens of times for many different reasons ( including to register ) and just about every time i 've left frustrated and or unimpressed . to be honest , apart from the reason 'everyone else does ' and 'there 's one in every city in canada ' i ca n't understand why people actually choose to register here at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no wonder this store is always empty ... by the looks of it they literally have 5 employees over about 6 floors . try cashing out for instance ... you might just end up throwing your items to the curb and leaving empty handed before being helped or cashed out . ca n't wait for nordstorm to come down to toronto and show to the mess that the bay is what real customer service is like and how business should be handled . you 'd literally get faster and better customer service at walmart . that 's how bad the bay is . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bay is decent but could be so much better . essentially it has three functions for me : underwear , bedding , and towels . everything else you 're better to get somewhere else . socks and underwear are a no brainer . prices are good and they have a huge selection . in terms of the bedding and towels , they have a pretty solid selection and they always seem to have a good sale going on . i 'd really like to see the bay be a good mid-range department store . somewhere in between sears and holts . unfortunately , i do n't see that happening . staff generally do n't bother you but , if you ask , they 're helpful . i 've always been pleased with their return policy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wanted to buy a bar cart that was on sale on boxing day . the furniture sales rep told me to leave and come back later when they were less busy , despite not being with a client . suffice to say i was pretty taken aback by my interaction with the salesperson . he had a guaranteed hassle free 5 minute sale . perhaps the item i was interested in had a low commission . nonetheless , this employee was borderline rude . i managed to find a different sales rep who was in fact with client . she was a bit better and offered to call me back to process payment over the phone . however , she never did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bay ... a store i 've always associated with buying towels and somewhere a mother buys her son shorts and boxers . after hearing that the bay had undergone a transformation , i decided to go take a look for myself . i was pleasantly surprised ! the store was well laid out with tons of designers and departments , with something for everyone and every style . there were also great sales when i was there , not sure if this is typical or not . i 'll have to go check it out again and see !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure if i 'm getting that old , but i actually like to buy my work clothes from the bay . sometimes even normal clothes because they are usually good quality . however i absolutely dread this location for the following reasons : a ) poor layout - i feel like when i try to find men 's clothes , they are all on different floors - ca n't i just go to one section and find everything i want without going up another flight ? b ) seems to be short-staffed a lot . i feel like this is the wal-mart of the bay 's and you have to go hunt someone down for help . c ) i always get lost because of it 's complex layout the only pro about this place is that it 's food court ( which is like on the top level ) has good roast beef . i 'd rather shop at any other the bay then this one although this one is the most convenient for me since i work across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we registered for our weddings gifts at the bloor street location and it has been a terrible experience . i would not recommend that anyone else register for their wedding at this particular location if at the bay at all . the customer service has been horrible . we have been kept waiting for every appointment we made . the gifts went to various locations - some went to our house , some went to my parents house and some went to post offices . some of the gifts came without any indication of who sent them . we have currently been waiting 25 minutes for our final appointment to pick up the lasts of the gifts that were not delivered and close out the registry . again , i would not recommend anyone to their gift registries here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst.department.store.ever . with westfields spending big bucks everywhere but toronto - tho not necessarily well - this mall is a shock . the bay tho , where to start - the place looks like the sprinkler system went off sometime last week . its dark , dank and one of the least inspired places i haver ever been to . had to check the washrooms because i just knew ... they get a minus 2. why would anyone voluntarily shop here ? total miss .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place needs an over haul ... .badly ... ..as matthew s said , the bay is decent , but could be so much better . take the queen location for instance ... ..better selection , better store layout and friendlier ppl for the same size of square footage . albeit that the queen location is the flagship store ... .this location is close to bay ... ..so one would think that tourists would think that this is the main location and so in turn it should be kept like the main store . their women 's clothes section is for old ladies , the show section is non-existant and there is no toy section anymore ... ..but if you want cosmetics or canada clothes , this is your location . the bathroom in this place is hideous - do not go here ... hold it . oh and does anyone ever go to the top floor to eat ? remove the restaurant and use the floor space better ! i am not impressed by this location , but it does n't taint my over all feeling for the bay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this bay because it is spacious and not a lot of people frequent here during the weekdays ( not sure about the weekends ) . today i bought shoes and was pleased with the service . i was approached by a salesperson which was nice because usually i am always trying to find one ! this bay is not as popular as the queen street location but i still like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "maybe i 've lived in vancouver too long to get the attitude of `` service '' personnel , but it seems like here at least a smile and phrases like `` i 'm sorry '' before telling a customer you ca n't help them and `` thank you '' during a purchase transaction are too much to ask from the indifferent clerks at this place . you stay classy , bay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while it is large when it comes to most department stores , the bay store located at the intersection of yonge and bloor streets differs from the one on queen street as it seems practically empty of customers and is full of so-so merchandise . while the cosmetics departments seems to be thriving , my experiences at this store fall way below from the experience i have gotten at american department stores . the store which has an entrance located in the concourse level of the shopping center that connects it with the ttc subway station ( yonge-bloor station ) , which adds a point for convenience , however , the store lacks plenty when it comes to energy and ambiance that its ' sister store on queen street is well known for .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this location because they have a lot of selection in the discount racks . the way the bay discounts , things can sometimes get very cheap ( 25 % off less another 25 % off less another if you have a bay card ... ) . they need to get some more customers to fill out the place , but i think they will when those huge condominiums next door get built .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got an amazing deal on my suitcase . originally $ 345 but with the black friday discount ... only $ 85 ! ! ! i was amazing , great customer service & staff were on-hand to help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my office is just across the road from this bay , so i have visited dozens of times . even with all of the trips i can not ever manage to not get lost . ever . this bay is poorly designed , short staffed ( or at least you cant not find anyone when you actually need help ) and the wayfinding is abysmal . the change rooms when you can find one , are complete with stained carpet and crooked doors . so not impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "overall i like this store and most of their departments . i just hate shopping there during the holidays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bay location is definitely dated and needs renovating . i like it because it 's usually not as busy as the queen street location and this one is closer to me as well . true , the fitting rooms are small & dingy looking . so my strategy is to bring lots to the fitting room to try on . i 've actually found that the sales staff are helpful & pleasant at this location . i 've never gotten lost in this location & i 've been coming here for years . at one point i think this was going to become nordstrom 's but i 've read recently that the queen street location will now have the nordstrom 's . i hope they renovate this location someday . it could be so much better than it is now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great department store with a nice selection of clothing ranging from mid-range to fairly high-end . the store is organized well and it 's pretty easy to find most of the things one would need . most of my time was spent in the men 's department and the customer service was very good - there were very helpful and friendly staff throughout the store , which made for a much more pleasant shopping experience . i would definitely recommend this place for any shopping excursion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a loyal bay-shopper , starting from the days of my undergrad years when i actually used to work there . this store has everything you need but what throws most people off is the chaos inside the store : disorganized , dirty , old looking , and with merchandise thrown all over the place . but i 've been able to find some really good deals during their bay days . will continue shopping there but this store needs a serious facelift .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kwality seems like an entirely random experience in toronto . every time i 'm back here it feels like i 'm actually somewhere in punjab , india . this place is riddled with fobs . so much so that it 's a pretty fun experience . actually , scratch that , come here in preparation for a trip to india . you 'll see what i mean when you 're back from your flight . this restaurant has been renovated in the last two years , and although they lost the personal touch , since they 're busier than ever , i believe the food is pretty much the same . do n't expect much in terms of service because the wait staff is always thin , but it 's a clean , large space for a group of people . i wo n't recommend the thali , but i 'm pretty indifferent to it if you 're starving , just beware that it 's probably not the healthiest . if you 're a meat-eater i recommend the tandoori thali and a couple of naan . it 's good enough for 2-3 people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy good indian food , ands at this place there is a nice selection . every time i am in the area i eat here and i have never gotten the same thing . the food is very authentic and quite tasty . they have a nice variety from the different regions of india . the prices and curly is great , not overly spice just right for the canadian palate . there is a nice variety of fruit drinks that i have come to enjoy . the one thing i always get time i am here is the garlic naan , which is so tasty ! everything seemed to be very reasonably priced so we can get several dishes to try and not break the bank . the staff are friendly and courteous as they take your order plus they are willing to translate and explain the menu . our last server offered us some suggestions which turned out to be a great deal ! the baked treats are my favourite i am determined to try them all ! i have not yet but i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was hosting a family gathering over the weekend and my family and i were deciding to get catering done . we were told about this restaurant through friends . so we decided that we were going to get 3 plates which comes with 3 sabzis ' ( veggies ) , 1 rice , 1 sweet & salad . we ordered one of each veggie option . as we got home with the order , the food was terrible . it was so bland and the naan seemed like it was plastic was n't even able to rip it apart . my parents complained about the fact we just spent $ 50 and did n't even get some decent food . the dessert was the only thing from the plate that tasted good . i would go back for the dessert but never for the food . they need to get another cook or something ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never ordered food at kwality , but today i bought about 3 lbs of their premium quality sweets . priced at $ 12 lb , one would expect the best in toronto because no other places sell sweet at this rate . and coming from calcutta , india , sweets are almost in my genes so my taste buds are damn effective . i tried individual pieces of all their offerings . there was nothing in there that justified the price . i will never go back to kwality to buy sweets . good that i did not end up losing more than the $ 36 i spent today . easily other restaurants in brampton , etobicoke and mississauga make sweets that are ten times better than kwality . please avoid when buying sweets", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i never been to punjab , india . i do n't know what is authentic punjabi cuisine supposed to taste like . but i can tell you after eating here at kwality sweets & restaurants.. i am in love with bhatura ! ! of course now i know they are deep fried made with ghee . they are just so good and i love how they puffed up when they were served as i know they were just so fresh ! we shared channa masala ( $ 4.50 ) , karahi goat ( $ 10 ) , samosa ( $ 3.50 ) , garlic naan ( $ 3.50 ) and washed them down with salt mango lassi . they were all delicious and well spiced . stuffed and happy . but i can still eat more deep fried bread ! service here is a-ok. our waitress was patience and helpful , she even dropped off extra napkins for us without me asking ... maybe i just look like a messy eater !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was ok and expensive . we have had better here in california for less . servers were nice and prompt . if you pay in us $ be very carefull about how much change you get back . it seems the staff will tell you one rate when you ask them prior to paying your bill and the owner will charge you a much higher exchange rate when he gets your money . when i brought it up to their attention , they could not care less ! not going back to this crooked place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been getting take out from here for a while and finally ate here last weekend . tried couple of weeks ago as well and the place was packed . overall the food was fantastic . had the chana bhatura , palak paneer , shahi paneer , karhi , and a thali which was a lot of food but we ended up finishing it all . they have the best karhi so i will continue to return unless i can figure out how to make it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best indian food in ontario . do yourself a favour and give this place a try . highly recommend it . my favourite dish is the butter chicken . if i get it as a take out , i usually also order a medium rice . if i eat it , i usually get a rice and a naan . i love to drench the rice in the sauce of the butter chicken - there 's nothing better . all the food is fresh and the service is very professional . the ambiance better represent the sweets than it does the restaurant side . the prices are reasonable ( $ 15 for butter chicken and rice for takeout and approximately $ 50 for a dinner for two ) . i work very close to this place and i 'm usually there a couple of times a week for lunch . 9.5 overall food rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like indian food . it makes me burn when i go poo poo but at least i feel relieved after . i eat naan . i drink tea . i like kwality sweets because its really kwality . i like the owner too mr. deep . brampton has the best indian food , girls , and bargain items . i rep bramptom til i die thug life", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i read a lot about how the batura chole was great at this place , so i went to try it out . i also ordered a mango lassi to accompany it . it took around 20 minutes for the order to be delivered . unfortunately the dish was not what it was cracked up to be . the batura was very oily and soggy . i can understand the oil part as it is fried , but not the soggy part . an authentic batura should be puffed up slightly crispy on the outside . the mango lassi was ok , but not outstanding . will i try this restaurant again ? i do n't know . there seem to be a lot of punjabi restaurants in brampton . maybe i will give one of those other restaurants a shot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had there sweets and tbh it was delicious..i went there on a friend 's recommendation and it was worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's good wholesome food time after another . veg or non veg . ca n't go wrong with kwality . whenever i do n't want to take a chance and try something new kwality is my first choice . it used to be brar 's but they are no more the same brar 's they used to be .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was amazing . went here as a group with my family and really enjoyed the food and kulfis . the customer service could improve though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a pleasant surprise . great `` kwality '' for the price . good family atmosphere ... even a good place to have marsala tea , chat and watch the latest bollywood on a big screen . servers were very good and patient at explaining the menu and food options . love the gift boxes that kwality uses to pack your sweets - something i would have expected in swizterland , japan or korea but not here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great chana batura , nice service . would definitely want to go back here again next time i visit toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "happen to come to this place with a friend and i was happy that we came here . it was a weekend evening , pretty packed and busy but the co-ordinater handled the customers and seating situation really well . even though it was pretty busy , but not even once were we made aware that the customer service part was being side lined . enjoyed the food , nice authentic indian food , good quantity and fast service . the paan store adjacent to the main eating area is pretty good as well . very clean , offers good sized paan and other hot and cold beverages . overall a nice experience . will surely visit again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "go for the channa bhatura and must try the rahra gosht ( goat ) . really good . gajar halwa was really goood", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pricing has jumped a lot in last 1 year may be due to lcbo license . good is good though but not worth the price . chanda bhatura rocks here !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped into kwality today to grab some samosas for a work event . having never been there , and with no prices on the digital menu , i asked about the cost of samosa . a steep 0.75 $ each . back in my area they are 3 for $ 1 . i balked at the price , but was committed to bringing samosas , so just accepted it . honestly , i snuck a few just now and they are so delish ! very fresh , not overly greasy and totally massive ! they are easily 1.5 times the size of a normal samosa . if not double some places . while i am not excited about the cost , i would say they seem worth it . just get your cheaper samosas for work luncheons somewhere else and enjoy these babies for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved their chana batura ! ! so delicious . i ordered the mango milk shake , pain puri , dosa , and veggi thalli , and everything was so great ! ! the only thing is the restaurant is n't super clean and it 's not fine dining ! defiantly would be going back when i am in brampton next", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its alright ... definitely gets crowded ... and server did forget about my drink ... . i would rather do buffets..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "steer clear , bad service , food was ok . i was turned off from the cleanliness . the staff wiped the table clean after he picked up the rag from the floor . never go back there ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably one of the best places for south asian food in the city . prices are great and service is nice as well . great for take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i mailed x rays to them before i made the appointment . i got there early and watched as the waiting room emptied & they never called me . went back to the receptionist & was paired with a student . then i was told they lost my x rays & would have to start all over again . no . i drove all the way from madison for this . also parking garages are full . be prepared to park far away & hike . only to get screwed over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my expectations at clinics are typically low , but after arriving to an appointment at the case dental school right on time and then waiting over 4 hours for my scheduled appointment , i have a whole new standard for hospital dread . it 's as miserable as a free clinic , except it 's not even free . the same waiting room full of crying children experience as a free clinic . i did n't enjoy being the guinea pig for a student who had never placed a vein before , but in all truth i knew what i was getting myself into when i signed up to have teeth extracted at a dental school . fortunately i was put under and remember nothing after that . this place is not worth going to unless you have no other options .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was almost involved in an automobile accident with one of your drivers . this is not , the first time i 've seen a delivery driver for jimmy johns , driving recklessly . though it is the drivers responsibility how they drive , i feel the jimmy john corporate office should be shouldering some of the blame for the reckless driving , the driver 's disobeying street signs or lights . after all you motto is freaky fast ! ! ! and how many people are going to have to get hurt or killed before your say lives are worth more than '' freaky fast '' delivery ? ! ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have recently moved to this area and this was my first experience with jimmy john 's . i was so impressed ! the bread was fresh and delicious , the meat portions were beyond incredible ! as promised , our order arrived `` freaky fast '' ! i absolutely will be ordering from them again and highly recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best jimmy john 's i have ever used . always correct order . fast af . fresh every time . extremely polite drivers . exceptional customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consistent ! these guys and gals make really good sandwiches really really fast . the staff are friendly , upbeat , and accommodating . always enjoy jjs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big long hair . in my sub . manager very rude , accusing me of planting for a free sub ! ! never never never go there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my sandwich was amazing . the meat and vegetables were so fresh ! ! ! i had never eaten there before and i loved it . reason for 4 stars : sweet tea container filled with unsweetened tea . blech ! otherwise everything was great , the food and the service were perfect . thank you ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jimmy john 's has your typical variety of subs . i actually like the bread better than subway or jersey mike 's . that 's my opinion and i 'm sticking to it . you ca n't change my mind either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and sandwich . i love their bread and how fresh they are . i wish they had pepper to put on the sandwich but other than that it was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sales staff did not say hi , greet me , or offer to help . and the rudeness turned up to level 12 when i started looking at u of a stuff . do not patronize this store as it is not worth giving your money to them . my school preferences of ua should not lead to a lack of customer service ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your # 1 stop for everything sports . they have almost every sports jersey and novelty item you can every think of all in one place . they have choices for every teams even crappy team like my vikings right now : ( there is not that many places around to find this much sports stuff all in one place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . called to check on an item , guy who answered the phone was rude . he handed the phone to another guy who sounded like he just smoked 10 joints . i spend a lot of money on nfl gear but service is important to me and i will never spend a penny here . i just spent $ 600 on nfl.com i hope the owner of just sports reads this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the assistant manager andrew is soooooo hot ! ! ! you must see him in person ! haha he 's always at just sports working and he has the cutest smile : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visit this store yesterday . we are from out of state & my boys came across this place server all days prior- to me visiting . staff was friendly and offered assistance . we knew exactly `` what '' we wanted : when my boys were in they found a giant 's baseball t-shirt ( we had been looking for , for a grad gift ) .. the shirt was at a clearance price and was an official mlb `` t '' we picked that up for a great price & also a car decal . the store has some great things to choose from and much to offer . my son will be returning in the fall to attend asu & we will be moving here as a family . we will be sure to stop back in & get some asu apparel once we get back , they have a good selection to pick from ! prices are standard and clearance a plus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love bringing my lucy and oliver here ! it took me a bit of time to find groomers central phoenix that i am truly satisfied with . everyone is kind , helpful , and my pups are always clean and happy when i pick them up . the staff are timely and do a great job taking care of my pups . thank you doggy daze from lucy and oliver ! ! see you in four weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to take my dog for a bath and cleanup was way cheaper than petsmart everyone was so nice and really took good care of my dog", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent friendly staff , they actually make you feel like you 're part of the family , not in a business they run . many places you take your pet , & hide them back in the washing room were you have no idea of what is happening to them . not here this place definitely has nothing to hide ! penny it 's not an easy dog to please , well she 's very happy with their service and so am i we will be back again and again and again . thanks joseph for a wonderful cut , penny luvs ya", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome store and dog groomers . dropped my three dogs off and 3 hours later picked them up looking great ! ! all happy and ready to play ! this will be my new go to dog shop , the staff are friendly and helpful . could n't be happier ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 're so glad that we found doggy daze to take care of our baby boy ( jacques ) . his our only baby so we need to make sure that he is in good hands . doggy daze is the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! when i bring my dog in here i feel like she 's in a safe , loving and comfortable environment . the owner is one of the nicest people i 've ever met and he strives to make sure you are completely satisfied with the services you receive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time ever taking a dog to get groomed , so i had absolutely no expectations . if we ever go to another place , they will have huge shoes to fill ! the boys at doggy daze were so friendly , accommodating , and just flat out awesome . they even let my kids help with the bath , then topped it off with taste tests of some dog treats ( weird kids + fun staff = kids eating dog treats ) . i ca n't wait for our next appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys run a great business and are very kind to canines and their owners alike . walk-ins could n't be easier . all 3 of my dogs love going here for grooming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible , high end solan at dog biscuit prices . staff is extremely knowledgeable , friendly , efficient and tenured . always on time . superb results . a warm environment ones dog is excited to visit . my pistache no longer patrons elizabeth arden `` red door '' 3 times a week . pistache finds doggy daze far more superior .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not recommend kimberfire and jonathan highly enough . he was a pleasure to work with , is very knowledgeable and patient , and made me exactly the engagement ring i wanted . he worked hard to make sure i got the very best for my budget . i came in not knowing the first thing about diamonds , and jonathan was a great guide throughout the diamond selection process . i will certainly use kimberfire again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jonathan has made my shopping experience extremely smooth and informative . there were no sales pitches , no pressure , and he got me the best ring within my budget . the final product exceeded my own expectations and my fiance was ecstatic with the ring . make your appointment . it 's worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only are kimberfire 's rings stunning - but jonathan also takes time with his clients to make sure his pieces reflect their desires & needs . so very happy with the product and the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic service ! jonathan is friendly , knowledgeable and made the extra-effort to ensure i felt comfortable with my purchase . would definitely recommend to anyone looking to get an engagement ring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent and smooth process ! i was referred to kimberfire by 2 others , and was not disappointed in the least . jonathan is extremely knowledgeable , friendly , responsive , and easy to work with . it was easy to make decisions based on his input and expertise and ca n't think of any ways to make this easier . final product exceeded expectations ! his business model affords a ton of value compared to `` regular '' retail prices - the appraisal on the ring i purchased came back almost double what i actually paid . glad to support this small business and entrepreneur !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it would almost seem as though neighborhood 3 in vaughan mills is the dessert section sporting goods section . a subtle reminder that you 'll need to put in a little extra at the gym after these tempestuous treats get at you . i find the flavour in the frozen yogurt here to be too subtle and not as creamy as other places . not in any rush to go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . all employees are extremely rude and were on their phones while serving customers . it was n't even that busy and the employees basically rushed everything and everyone . half the staff was standing around doing nothing while the two rudest staff was taking orders . very bad experience . wo n't recommend coming to this yogen fruz .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty bad for both drink and service . like other reviewer mentioned , the owners yelled and rushed you to order . i do n't know how there is such business like this still exist around . although it is yogen fruz mainly , they also partner with presotea that offers milk tea drinks . i like presotea but unfortunately all the drinks here are very bland and watery . it does not taste like milk tea at all . i admit i do like the yogurt here . i tried the pineapple yogurt and it was really good . however with this kind of service , i rather to go somewhere else in the mall to get my sweet fix . i totally do not recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only customer in the store and mr. grumpy clerk was definitely put out by my presence . sorry dude you had to get out of your chair . and btw no one wants to see your boxers hanging out of your droopy drawers . last time coming in here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i stood there for about 5 minutes before being acknowledged . the guy who helped me looked disgruntled and did n't have much of a personality . i guess they got the job i needed done but i will consider other alternatives in the future if i have time to do so .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the oregon postal connections has come to my rescue several times . they are always helpful when solving my problems . they are quick about it too ! thanks for all your help ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was surprised at the earlier reviews . i 've always found everyone there very helpful and considerate whether it 's printing out labels or finding a box to fit . and am delighted to have the service right here in town - very convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here about 3 times , twice for the weekend breakfast buffet and once for lunch . the food is similar to denny 's , so nothing special here . everything here feels dingy and dirty , there was hair in one of the dishes in the buffet . service is average , but employees are just as dirty looking as the restaurant..will not be coming here anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did n't expect to come here , but we 're glad that we did . this is good , down-home cookin ' . it 's similar in some ways to denny 's and similar restaurants , but more inviting and significantly less `` corporate '' in feel . you wo n't find `` the bite '' on a monitor here . i had a simple burger and fries . it was $ 5.99 and yummy . i was tempted to get a dessert , but i was completely stuffed . service was friendly and attentive , and the place was spotless . taking a look on the internet , i found this place to be operating in arizona , utah , idaho , montana , new mexico , and wyoming . there 's nothing like it out here in the bay . that 's too bad , but the next time i 'm in arizona , i 'll be sure to pay this place another visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after four hours in the car we stopped to use the bathroom at the nearby burgerking when we saw jbs . was enticed by the specials painted on the windows . got lost between the club sandwich and shrimp plate on the menu , when two retirees at the next table compared obama to hilter and recommended the blt . add the salad bar for $ 1.99 more and then out da ' do ' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here last wednesday with my uncle and his friend as we went to get breakfast before going to a baseball game . i went to the location on bell rd . before but that location had since closed . this location seems to be a little roomier and cleaner . you ca n't beat the all-you-can-eat breakfast , that is a fact . bacon , biscuit and gravy , pancakes , scrambled eggs , fruit , and much more to choose from . do n't try to re-use your plate like i did though because they will take it away from you ! just go back and fill yourself up a new plate and they will come by to pick up the old one . they give you a bill when you are done eating and you pay at the front register . nobody showed up at the front register to ring us up for a good five minutes or so . we could have easily left without paying but we did n't . looking forward to coming back for breakfast next time i 'm in arizona ... this one better no close down too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we go to dakota 's all the time to visit friends and have to say we are always amazed at the perfect landscaping . it 's like the work round the clock here on keeping things clean . things we liked : the main pool - nice size pool that is always the place to be on the weekends . the grill area - you ca n't beat the large grill overlooking the pool . nice seating area that is covered as well . the entrance fountain - we have sat down here a couple times and relaxed in the grass . pretty cool ! the girls at the front - always showing you a ton of attention . they always seem excited to see you . the layouts - the condos are set up to maximize space and offers a nice patio or deck . the location - you really ca n't beat it . things we did n't like : the leaf blower guy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rented at the dakota for two years and would recommend it to anyone in the area . the upkeep was top notch and the staff was always attentive . the complex has two beautiful pools with large grills and a jacuzzi . the pools are great for a dip in the summer . the workout facility contains various cardio machines and suited my needs . my only gripe is the parking spaces . they are on the smaller side . for everything else ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were great ! they were fast , attentive and did exactly what we needed them to do . it even took them less time than expected . i would recommend them to anyone moving an office or home . thanks guys ! # muscluarmovers allie f. ( dwellings realty group- scottsdale , az )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy i talked on the phone was so helpful ! ! my move was three days away when i made the call to book it ! i got lucky and there was a cancelation for the morning . the guys showed up about 15 minuets early ! ! i told them what i wanted moved and what i did n't want moved and they were all over it ! ! i would recommend them to whoever is moving and looking to get movers ! well worth the money and great guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my 3rd move with this company in 3 years . jimmy , charlie , rick and corey could not have been better . these guys worked fast and efficiently and took care of each item as if it was their own . clean , courteous , professional guys certainly handled all aspects of this move in extremely hot weather with ease . they made us feel comfortable and at ease with all aspects of the move . highly recommend this company and have referred them to other friends . hopefully we are settled for awhile . these guys made a stressful time easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "competitively priced and did a great job . used for a move to another state . only hiccup was that i had to come back twice because they forgot to have me sign the paperwork the first time at the original moving location . they were friendly and efficient . would definitely recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , i want to start out by saying that i 've never used any other movers so it 's tough for me to compare mmm 's delivery against that of one of their competitors . that said , mmm set a very high bar should i need to move again in the future . they sent out two movers ( mike and jacob ) who called me the morning of my move to confirm their estimated arrival time . once at my premises , they quickly did an evaluation of my items and then got to work . they packed up my apartment , my girlfriend 's apartment , commuted to our new house , and unloaded all of our supplies in a quick and efficient manner . they were personable , thoughtful , and took the time to carefully wrap all of our furniture prior to moving it on the truck . let 's face it , moving sucks and i hope not to have to do it again anytime soon , but if i need to , then i 'll be calling mmm to help me again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "muscular moving men did a fantastic job . not only were the workers skilled , competent and on time , they were also very personable and friendly . i would definitely hire them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was a sad day . i lost my house to foreclosure . fortunately , my girlfriend ( who is always shopping for a bargain ) stumbled across muscular moving men . not only were jereme and ash professional in appearance , they were in attitude and work ethic as well . from the moment the clock started to the moment they were done , they were constantly on the go . all my stuff arrived in perfect condition and thanks to jereme and ash a otherwise dreary day turned out just fine . thank you guys ! oh , and now , my girlfriend wants me to join a gym . uggh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "justin cut the crap . you could careless what occurred . you do n't care period . you 're a fraud ! we did talk , several times and basically sad too bad ! so do n't write in reply to something acting as if this is the first you heard of this . in fact to told me do n't i dare slander your company . i told you it 's not slander if it 's the truth . your replies are pure bs to each person who had issues with you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "actually , on the paperwork , it says i am aware that i owe the full balance . it does not give permission for you to charge whatever you want on my card . just for the record .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "muscular men movers may be physically strong but this has depleted their common sense and ability to read or take direction . they broke bookcases and left the remains in the storage unit , left a beautiful , almost new king size bedspread there and when items were delivered to new home , broke an antique japanese porcelain umbrella stand 's bottom off without notifying me . they overcharged and packed belongings so loosely that added another truck and additional labor to my bill . they did not protect my carpets the first day , did not place marked boxes in the right rooms , and the list goes on . i definitely would not recommend them . i did better with a u-haul and a couple of day laborers when i moved from tucson to the phoenix public storage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "found them on angie 's list . very professional , quick , price was good , and were great to work with . have referred them to numerous friends , and they have all had great experiences as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "summer move made easy ! i had friends recommend muscular moving men and i 'm glad i took them up on it . we moved across town and the outside temp was 110 . i did n't have to lift a finger . lando , ryan and joey did a great job . i was really impressed with how hard they worked and how efficient they were . one of the guys got sick mid day but was quickly replaced with joey which was great . the new house was a tight 2 story and the guys did an amazing job of wrapping all the furniture in blankets and pads and managed to get some really heavy stuff up the stairs . i would highly recommend mmm for an easy move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about the quality of service we received from this company . a prompt response to my inquiry on line , follow up quote that was right on when we actually moved . because of a delay in the closing of our new place , the company had two days notice . i would advise anyone moving to hire this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaron & rudy are the best ! these guys went above and beyond the call of duty ! they are bar-none the best ! ! i 've moved 38 times in my life and this was the best move ever , largely because of their know-how and professionality . thx again guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing ! very friendly and professional from the first call . setting up the move was extremely easy and they were efficient . the movers day of were well groomed , polite and very detailed in managing the move . great experience , would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't know what tammar is talking about these guys are awesome ! ! muscular moving men were 100 % professional . they wrapped everything fragile or valuable and were done in way less than the time that was quoted ! they were fast , trustworthy , reasonably priced and all around nice guys . if you 're looking for a mover i highly recommend these guys because their not the typical corporate chain - they care about every single client and i felt that way from the first phone call up until they left . i 'll never use another mover - my own mother is using them now ! ! call muscular moving men if you 're looking for someone to trust - they 'll definitely impress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used mmm and it was exactly as promised . on time , professional and careful with the way they package your belongings ! used another mover the previous time i moved and that was a headache . i was hesitant to even use a moving company this time , but i 'm glad it did ! ! ! you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the best experiences i have ever had with movers . while they were moving we had a major dust storm slam us and these two guys never skipped a beat . to top it all off the was a major rain storm right behind that ... literally 8 inches of water on the highway . but these guys handled it no problem . so next time you are moving call muscular moving men for the job ... ! thomas h. mesa az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just want to thank muscular moving men for the amazing move last saturday . we sold our condo in phoenix and our belongings had to be moved to mesa . we live in wisconsin so our daughter was there to to help us out . she said the movers were very professional . they also measured our belongings and said they would not fit in the 10 x 10 unit we rented in mesa . at the end of the move they were able to fit all in our storage unit ! ! ! ! awesome . i would recommend muscular moving men to anyone ! ! ! ! great job ! ! ! sue t .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best moving experience we 've had . the guys took extra care in wrapping and packing a lot of my mothers fragile antiques . very thorough-very friendly-very efficient . highly recommend their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five stars again . these guys are simply the best ! ! ! ! i would never refer my clients anywhere else . they have treated my clients items like they were museum artifacts ... . carefully bubble wrapping , shrink wrapping , rolling out the red carpet and taking such care when loading and unloading . i can not say enough good things about muscular moving men ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never used a professional moving company before , so i did n't know entirely what to expect . muscular moving men was recommended to us by a family member , and i 'm glad i called . we made our reservation for our date approximately 2 weeks in advance , and the whole process went very smoothly . the day of the move , our crew arrived early and they called when they were on their way . i was quoted ~4-5 hrs for the job we had ( moving one bedroom apartment to another , both on 3rd floors ) , and it took 4 1 2 in total . odie , micah , and thomas were the guys who helped us out , and they were all very professional and kind . they even noticed our notes on the boxes , like `` this box on top ! '' that was a minor detail they followed that i greatly appreciated . i was extremely satisfied with the entire experience , and i 'm glad we chose to employ their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you to david and billy for a seamless move ! they arrived 15 min early , were professional and courteous , and most importantly handled all of my furniture with care - everything was padded and wrapped before moving and delivered in perfect condition . all of this at a reasonable price , what more could you ask for ? would highly recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! my friend recommended them after she had used them to move . they were really friendly and clear about pricing and estimated the amount of time it would take to move me perfectly . they showed up a few minutes early , were very efficient with the move , and disasembled reasembled any furniture i needed . made my move from my 3rd story apartment much less stressful . i would definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were professional , efficient , and careful . they wrap all furniture with blankets and shrink wrap so it keeps everything from breaking . i recommend this mover !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cody and jacob did a fantastic job . very professional and wrapped all of my furniture very well . so happy with the experience . first time using movers and will definitely be recommending to friends . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved from missouri to tempe . needed to hire some help unloading the trailer i rented from upack . i happened to find a card for muscular moving at an apartment i looked at before i decided on the one i 'm at now . that was a lucky find ! this company is awesome ! i had to change my reservations with them three times and the customer service not only put up with my insane schedule changes but when it came to needing help the day of without warning , they showed up in three hours and unloaded everything . the movers were careful with fragile items and put everything where it needed to go in just under three hours so i would n't be over charged from the original quote . i ca n't say enough about the two guys working that day . this is a very professional company with a personal service approach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "muscular movers does a great job . their guys were professional and hard working . we hired them for a small job to help rearrange furniture and the cost was very reasonable . the price of saving our backs was invaluable and we would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved yesterday from surprise to the phoenix area and i was very pleased with the two guys that came to help . they were very efficient and with the hot temperatures of 110 plus and 4 flights of stairs my move was completed in the estimated time ! there were no surprises and the customer service was great . i would recommend this company to friends and family and anyone looking for movers as my move was easy and pleasant", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just completed a move from single story to two-story . guys were great ! my husband was also impressed with david whom he met with for initial estimate . they do a great job of checking in from the office and i loved that there were no surprise fees . would highly recommend them and will definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to stop at this restaurant on a whim because i was driving by and i was hungry . this is a dual store , where they a taco bell as well as a long john silver 's restaurant . i arrived around mid afternoon and ordered some fish and chicken . as i waited for my food , i was told the wait would be 10 - 15 minutes for them to cook it fresh . they did not offer to bring it out to my table so i had to stand at the counter , waiting . the wait was approximately 20 minutes . while the fish and chicken were fresh off the fryer and tasty , the fries and hush puppies were cold . it 's sad that the cheapest things on my plate were the least appetizing . the staff did not apologize for the wait , nor were they too friendly . unfortunately , the manager who was manning the fryers did not bother to make eye contact with me either .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped here 3 29 at 2:00pm for lunch . me and my friend both got a few tacos , i tried a doritos cool ranch taco and their xl beef taco . i asked for a cup for water and my friend asked for a small soda . the cashier gave us both free drinks of our choice from the machine . i think that 's so nice . they had this soda- it was apple juice soda . i liked it , yummy ^.^ and mexican . i will check if the taco bell in my area has new beverages like that one , i doubt it , but it would be pleasant if they upgraded , hahaha . this is the nicest taco bell location , other places get snippy with coupons so we have an easier time using extra ones at drive thru . it was a little cold inside , but it 's also because the giant snowstorm was about to start soon . grabbed some to go for my brother . waiting can take 5 minutes . they are joint with long john silver 's but it did n't seem appetizing to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` this taco bell has the only long john silver 's that i can find for miles and miles around . i do n't eat there often but i get a craving for the fish sometimes . i stopped there yesterday on my way to work but had to get tacos cuz the fish would have been a 12 min . wait . today i 'm calling ahead ! ! i 'd recommend this spot to anyone looking for long john silver 's food . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this welcome new addition to the dufferin mall food court , makes a pretty good burrito . the flavour of the steak was amazing , juicy and delicious , while actually resembling actual steak , it was so tender i could not believe it . i got hot sauce , it was n't mild , i was sweating . but i left with my taste buds not burning . the burrito was well grilled before put in my hands , resulting in a burrito that was coming apart in my mouth , not in my hands . the beans however which you are given a choice on type , neither choice look as appeasing as it tastes . as for selection , it is the basic selection you will find at most burrito joints . the size is pleasing ( i do n't measure my burrito 's and ca n't give an exact size ) but it stacks up against every other `` small '' burrito i have had.price is pretty much in line with the other burrito places i 've been to . to leave off this burrito left me satisfied as opposed to with a sick feeling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been waiting for months for this burrito stand to open in the food court of dufferin mall . dufferin mall 's food court is undergoing a huge renovation and this is my favourite part of it so far ! it 's their first day open and there was a big line . but the service was really fast and friendly , the food is reasonably priced , and it was fresh and delicious . the hot sauce has a real kick . do n't take two lines of the hot sauce unless you 're a true chilli head !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the worst burritos i have had so far . the veggies were cold , taste wasnt good either . tortilla was uncooked , i felt like eating uncooked wheat , felt like gum in my mouth.i would not go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update : tried their steak nachos and got a handful of meat and cheese with it . i did n't want any further toppings but they did give me the options to add any veggies + beans after they had melted the cheese . tortilla chips were crispy , just enough cheese and plenty of meat to balance the chips . it was very filling and came quite a bit - filled me up just as much as a burrito would . i 'll be back to try their nachos with chicken !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "xmas time and bar burrito ... ymmmmy so warm and fresh ... worth it yet again . hungry or not or even a light healthy snack food ... just go straight there . employees and management are simply friendly . they will ensure your food is well done ! ! ! ! thanks for opening it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i continue to try and give this location a chance but i 'm done . after requesting a bath service which includes a nail trim , i got my dog back wet , smelly , and with nail shards hanging off . when i asked them to make sure not to have shards hanging off they insisted i 'd need to upgrade to a nail grind for $ 15 . i can certainly file my dogs nails . i was just asking to trim and make sure there are no hang nails that need to be clipped off . horrible service- do n't waste your money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst company i have ever felt with ! ! poor customer service and no one knows anything or can answer any questions ! and who provides a 24 7 service but not 24 7 help ? ? it 's unbelievable ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never had a worse experience with a service provider . every month the bill was incorrect and always higher than the promotion quoted . after hours of frustration they would say it would be effective the following month . after endless added fees my final experience was a $ 200 fee when service was discontinued . although my original contract had expired they said additional discounts created another contract that was broken . there was never a mention of a new contract when the offers were made . they hide the verbiage in your bill . they also did not bother to let me know it would be an extra $ 200 on my bill when i called to cancel the service . if you have a choice do not use this service ! buyer beware ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't trust them . gave us one price on the phone and got a bill for double the amount . had them remove their equipment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm giving this 2 stars only because it 's called an outlet but there is n't anything outlet about it . there is a sales rack ( which is in every mendocino store ) and then the rest of the store is the regular priced merchandise . overall the prices are all over the place - a simple top can be like $ 40 , but a pretty laced skirt is $ 68 ? ? but the sales are decent ... if you are a m or a l. if you are a s ( the smallest size they have ) you are pretty much out of luck . i would have thought for being on queen w they would have had a bigger store better merchandised b c mendocino does carry a lot of great pieces in great colours . one staff person was friendly , the other person working there ignored me ... which is pretty hard to do since i was the only customer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sales associates r beyond amazing at this location ! ! super helpful , express their recommendations and really take the time to know what it is your looking for and for what occasion.. thank you ladies at mendocino queen st ! ! i love doing my shopping here.. i always leave with my hands full and very satisfied ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden on the 8th floor of the bay ( did you know the bay had that many floors ? ) , after tapestries and hideous couches , lies what was supposed to be a posh cafeteria for rich ladies who use to spend all day shopping and need some snacks with a beautiful view . sadly , those days seem to be gone , and the only good things left are the beautiful club sandwiches and the beautiful view . you 'll have the companion of some seniors who have nothing better to do ( and i love talking to seniors and i see myself becoming a regular at this place some years from now ! ) , the pre-made sushi ( i would n't have it ) , the so-so salad , and the sad soup . go for the club , sit by the window and be happy . oh , important tip : take the elevator . never ever try to go there by the escalators .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "soon to be closed probably before the end of 2011 , i 've been coming to this place for lunch as much as i can while i can . the food is mediocre to fair , but the views are top rate , and the vibe is like a comfortable old shoe . i 'm already missing this place before it 's gone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came into town to visit some friends couple days ago and stopped by this jimmy john.. we do n't have jimmy johns in california , therefore , i was inclined to give this place a try . i was amazed at the quality of sandwich and how flavorful the sandwich is . i had the # 1 , pepe , the apple-wood smoked ham and this sandwich was excellent . they need to bring jimmy john 's to california . the staff was also very friendly and the place was very clean . my friend told me that this place just opened too..so you lucky carnegie-melon students . go try this place out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came out to pa to visit some family and passed by this joint . i 've seen the name jimmy john around through advertisements but had never seen or eaten at one in ca . i had to stop to grab a quick bite and try out the hype . i 'm still salivating for the day it comes to ca . so much nicer than our subways and quiznos . my wife used to talk about these awesome jimmy john sandwiches when she was in school in indiana and how she missed them so much now that shes back in ca . this restaurant is clean and it looks like the brand has their process in order . gim me more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slowest jimmy john 's i 've ever been to . and by that , i mean that after i placed my order and walked around the counter , my sandwich was not ready . i guess the 15 second sandwich luck had to run out sometime for me . anyways , fast and friendly service still . the store was clean with plenty of parking outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff always great . usually really quick even when line is long . bread always soft . however today they messed up my sandwich which is fine but the workers starting arguing and cussing at each other . it was pretty comical .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a # 2 big johns , jumbo kosher pickle and a beverage online . received my order ( delivery ) at hotel in 13:44 ! ! ! lightening speed delivery and the good was fresh and tasty . price $ 13.00 and total with tip $ 15.00 . i certainly would recommend this place . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy that a jimmy john 's finally made it to the robinson area . could n't be happier with it . incredibly fast service ( seriously ... in and out in an average of 2 minutes ! ) and the subs are always fresh and have a decent amount of toppings . employees are always super friendly as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequent this place quite often as they have decent fast food at a decent price , an overall good value . what i ca n't seem to ever grasp is that they are doing their cleaning at the height of the lunch service . what prompted me to review was that today there was an employee standing on the counter where the sandwiches are being made hanging a sign ! ! ! where is common sense ? ? ? also you could tell that they decided to use up the old bread as it was stale , not fresh like it usually is . disappointed at this place ... ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing . finally a quick service sub shop that puts ample meats on the sandwich for a price comprable to subway and quiznos . great value , in and out in 5 minutes . blows subway and quiznos out of the water", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's jimmy johns . the food is always the same . hard to hate . easy to love . but the people in this particular establishment were so nice and efficient and friendly . made my whole day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i order from here a lot i love this place , i am on a diet in they where so awesome to meet my restrictions and super nice about it . i will continue to order from this place , no matter when or what i order everyone is always so sweet ! i appreciate calling in not getting a attitude like some place . thanks keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fast delivery . we make big orders at work and they never disappoint . so if your an individual party the service would be exceptional . the delivery guy today was so kind to return with our missing order item and was so kind when he arrived . food tastes excellent as always . can make debit credit orders on phone as well", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty good . did n't know they are so high energy and happy . that was a surprise . wheat bread is soft and moist very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have received deliveries from the settler 's ridge location numerous times and suddenly today we are out of the delivery range . guess we wo n't be back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the waiters said that its a really nice , cozy place for italian food and i felt the same way . cozy , small place with awesome food . pizza was really really delicious . calamari was delicious and huge portion . i am definitely going back again ! : ) many choices in the menu and really good portion size . i would say , i found a gem in woodbridge", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered take out : crispy calamari , gnocchi and quattro pizza . it was so good . the calamari was crispy and the inside tender . it was even better with dip although next time , i will ask for two dips with our order because one was n't enough . it was put in a box with vents to keep it crispy . gnocchi was homemade and better then what i tried to make from scratch at home . they wrapped it in plastic saran so the sauce would n't leak in the car . the pizza was also pretty good with homemade pizza sauce . they were kind enough to put our order in a box so our food would n't tip over in the car . this is much better then a take out bag where all your food can cause a mess in the car when it shifts around . i overall , highly recommend . this is n't `` eastside mario '' but a real italian restaurant serving great food . definitley going back to try their other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience : cozy atmosphere and a delicious meal . bookmarked . yelp asks me to write more so i would like to add a special thank you to the chef for a featured daily soup that i will most likely remember next time i am hungry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bowls of food . classic italian fair with a nice one pizza . no fancy dining here . but great food and good service . the place has great potential .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a premier little italian eatery , which says a lot given it 's rich competition in woodbridge . the food is absolutely top quality , delicious , and plentiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place seems like a family-owned restaurant . located in woodbridge near weston and highway7 . it is a very quiet restaurant with an authentic family feel to it . they host private functions . a little bit on the pricier side . we ordered the penne alla vodka , mussels and lucia pizza . mussels : tomato sauce was very flavourful , we put some of the house special oil into it which made it taste so much better penne alla vodka : pasta was cooked to perfection - al dante style , tomatoey creamy sauce was the right consistency and it tasted like maple bacon in the sauce which gave it a different taste that im normally used to in pastas lucia pizza : cheesy and proscuitto not too salty like it normally is ( wished there was more meat though ) i like more meats on my pizza so we shouldve ordered something else overall it was a good experience , always nice to try something new when youre in the area", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was amazing . went here for a late valentine 's day dinner . pasta fagoli was to die for . the girlfriend had stracciatella soup and a pizza which did n't last long . chicken parm with penne pomodoro massive portion . all in all , great bang for your buck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here after a close friend recommended this place . was even considering having my son 's baptism , based on my friend 's referral . thank god my husband and i decided to come for date night , because after our experience at this restaurant we will never ever come back , and will not be having our son 's baptism here . the service was pathetic , and the food was a let down . there are so many other italian restaurants in the area with exceptional food . the only positive experience that came out of going was the fact that we know never ever to host an event here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time here on friday , march 3 , 2017 with a friend . we were greeted by friendly staff . the vibe was great and as more people came , it felt more like home . definitely some regulars at this restaurant . sat near the entrance but there was more of a dining room area around the corner from where we sat . decor could be updated but the food was undeniably good . we ordered the tilapia dish and napoli pizza . good portion sizes . we would definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as the other reviewers have said , this is as close as you can get to a real beach in toronto . it has great places for volleyball , a nice boardwalk , and -- this is key -- it 's great for people watching . hello , extremely large man ! i am sorry for staring , but your belly just jiggles so much ! however , i do have to say that , in vancouver , water is blue . not green . your algae level was a bit excessive -- i did n't feel like going into the water . and admittedly , it is a bit crowded , and the washrooms are nasty , but that 's true at most beaches i 've visited in my life . but at most beaches , i do n't have to wonder whether the lake is cleaner than the bathroom . i ask for too much out of lake ontario . sorry , nature .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ashbridges bay is always bustling with activity from people & pets , there is an elevated olympic sized pool that it pretty neat & has diving towers that can be a bit daunting to jump off of the first time . the beach itself is quite nice but i advise against actual swimming in the water . things i noticed , lots of paths that take you around the bay & the piers along one of the walkways have not yet been repaired as they have been destroyed by seasons of ice heaving up against it ... also the volleyball area is beach combed & leveled for optimum foot work whilst volleying balls . noteworthy detail the parking lot nearest the launch ramp for boats has free parking during the week before 5 pm . go have yourselves a wonderful time at this very popular area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was hoping that i could see toronto 's skyline from the park but i was wrong . nevertheless , it 's a pretty decent beach area for families and pretty much everyone else . what i like about it is the private spots by the bay , west of the beach . i 've seen people making out there . regardless , it 's perfect for people who want some quite moment away from the beach crowd .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ashbridges bay is the closest thing we 're going to get to the o.c . and even this does n't compare to the beautiful sandy beaches on the west coast . but we must make do with what we have . the beaches , in all accounts are a nice place to spend the day or weekend in the summer . it is always packed in the summer , and lots of beach volleyball and beach bums there . bring your dog and walk along the boardwalk , or rollerblades in tow , blade west along the nicely paved sidewalk for a good workout . there is also a park and some green space right across the street ( north side ) from ashbridges bay . again , a nice place to blade . parking at the beach can be a bitch , so if you can get there early if you want to have your pick at spaces . the parking there is paid ( and monitored ) , so bring change .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my parents condo is right across this park so we love it . summers are busy and sundays can be a zoo here . during the winter though the boardwalk is nice and empty . i came here walking with my boyfriend and it took us an hour back and forth . come here for some fresh air !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there with friends to see the victoria day fire works ... very good place to rex enjoy the water and sand . the view of the fire works were great and enjoyable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best beach in the city . great beach volleyball scene , walking trails , playgrounds for kids . beware the washrooms are filthy and there are huge lines to get in them on busy days . the area needs more food and beverage too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun beach . great sand and park . plus , tonnes of restaurants near by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not known for our beaches here in the great white north , well we should be . a great place for everyone with beautiful sand and oodles of v-ball courts and wonderful bodies . though it is apparently safe to swim there i remember the days when dead salmon lined the banks . the funky smell of rotting something wofts from the treatment plant just to the west . thought this is park land there is a need for more vendors here . those that are there charge waaay to much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was here today for the first time , to watch the canada day fireworks . first of all , it took a damn long time to get there . caught the 501 neville park streetcar at queen and parliament , only to be told a few minutes later that the streetcars were n't going any further and a bus would pick us up . of course , i did n't have a transfer , and i was at the very back of the streetcar , so i was totally out of luck when the jerk bus drivers came around . so ... .cab ride it was . the actually beach was quite nice . the fireworks display was great . but again , when we went to leave , getting home was quite difficult . i guess i go back when they finish the track work on queen . until then , does n't seem worth the schlep if you do n't have car .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "me and my boyfriend live right down the street and have ordered pizza from every pizza place on butler street . this place has the best ! ! ! ! ! yummyyyy i 'm hungry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid pizza joint with cool and friendly staff . slices are cheap , $ 2:50 . also i tried a turkey bacon 12 in . came to $ 9:00 ... not bad deal for the size and was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let 's get this out of the way : you 're not going to go here for the atmosphere ( there is no seating ) , or the service ( they 're gruff ) , so the food better be good . well , i 'm sorry to report that it 's just mediocre . in a city full pizza places ( hell or even just on butler street ) , there are way better options . i wo n't go back and i ca n't offer a recommendation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while waiting for my order i witnessed one of the cooks walk in through the back door , stop to put out his cigarette , and start making a pizza without washing his hands . i will never return to this establishment and hope the health inspector is thorough when checking this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we order from here often . their calzones and white pizza are delicious ! delivery is always very prompt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by pittsburgh pizzaria standards , this place is pretty great . the crust is thin and crispy ( as pizza should be ! ) , there is no sugary sweet taste to the sauce , and they do not automatically give you a side of ranch under the assumption that that is an acceptable way to eat pizza . it 's also super cheap . also , pizza by the slice ! win ! they do tend to be inconsistent , as the single slices are never the same size from one visit to the next . one time , my slice was literally wet and soggy and inedible at the bottom . when you want to spend under $ 5 on a ( decent ) meal , go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best delivery in lawrenceville hands down ! ask for extra cheese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza and hoagies at good prices i always stop in for a slice when i 'm near by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zero stars . horrible care . horrible facility . staff should find a different profession since they know nothing of true hospice care and the director of the facility is incompetent and dishonest . they moved a relative bc they stated they were unaware of an infection he had yet they made us wear gowns upon our first visit , they were fully aware . with all we are going through i would expect a baseline level of competence and empathy . none was noticed during his stay . it starts at the top and filters down . all they care about is money not your loved ones .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took me 4 months to find a suitable care facility for my mother after moving to az in 2008 . she has been well cared for and is thriving in this facility . many of the staff have worked here for years . the turnover is minimal . rooms and bathrooms are dated , however the common areas have been beautifully updated . i highly recommend ! .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this target . it 's clean , never crowded ( even during christmas ) and huge ! ! i think it helps that there are 50 targets in the 20 square miles of the las vegas valley and this one is n't in the ghetto . there is nothing spectacular , other than it 's right by the place we used to live at , other than what i 'd mentioned earlier . anyone know of a similar type of target in so cal ? ... yeah i thought not..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another very large target . this one is stocked with a pretty large grocery dept . nice selection of various things . oh and there is a famous dave 's close by ... . got ta get your ribs ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware of a cashier named austin . he will attack you if you 're not interested in getting a red card . when asked if i had wanted a red card today i told austin i was not interested . he then proceeds to push me after saying `` what 's your reason for not wanting to sign up other than you do n't want to ? '' i do n't owe you a reason and i already said i 'm not interested . to which he proceeds to push me more saying `` oh glad you 're so happy '' and `` your loss '' completely sarcastic and inappropriate . after i get in a yelling match with this obnoxious employee the manager comes over and does absolutely nothing . call the store in tears because i feel completely attacked only to have the general manager not care either . if those are the people target wants to have in front then i will take my business elsewhere especially when i frequent there 4+ times a week", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love shopping at target . who does n't ? ! just like the majority of other target stores , it was clean , well organized , and they always have reasonable prices . i stopped in here for some snacks and drinks as i was in town to run a marathon . i got the usual powerade , bag of pepperidge farm cookies , and some jack link 's jalape\u00f1o beef jerky . i was in and out of there in no time by using one of their self checkout machines . it was also a good opportunity for me to use a target gift card that i had been carrying around in my wallet for quite some time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is for their pharmacy department ... .. i 'm an avid tar-jay shopper with the red card and everything so it made sense to just fill my prescriptions here . 1 . i 've never had an issue with my prescriptions and the auto refill service is pretty nifty . 2 . they are quite efficient at filling new prescriptions and i think max wait time is around 30 min but that only happened once . 3 . hardly a line to wait to pick up your prescription . 4 . pharmacy rewards program is awesome . you get coupons in the mail like spend 100 bucks get 10 off and if you have a red card there 's an extra 5 % off . overall i 'm very satisfied with the customer service and efficiency of this pharmacy . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , organized , and easy to navigate are all adjectives to describe this location . a target is a target is a target until you get to how often it is frequented . this location seems to be less popular than others and has a large staff . was able to return some items in minutes , do some shopping , and was out in lightning speeds . i like the dollar items aisle for picking up some useful essentials and holiday goodies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this target ! it 's huge , friendly , fun , full of life , and full of a wonderful selection of everything ! ! ! each associate in this target will make sure you have everything you need at all times ! i love that ! also , if you want a fun shopping trip to look at a vast array of stuff , this is the place to go ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is so much better than the chaotic wal-mart nightmare down the road , but the selection is much smaller . i prefer to go here because this store is quiet , clean , and the staff actually have knowledge of their own store ( unlike wal mart ) . check out is usually a breeze , they usually have a cashier standing there at the front of the lane ready to ask if you they can help you check out . lines arent really a problem here , in fact i have n't had any problems here . note : they have a chase atm so all our chase bank users would be very excited about this", "score": "3"}
{"review": "called in a prescription re-fill , had a friend pick it up because i would n't make it to the pharmacy before they close . they charged him $ 45.00 . based on my insurance plan the co-pay should have been $ 10.00 . called and was told `` if it had been picked up tomorrow , it would have been $ 10.00 . but , today you were n't due for a refill so it was full price . '' you 're f'ing joking right ? ! i would expect that the pharmacy tech would have said something . they did n't . and when i called they had a `` too bad '' attitude . i trust my pharmacist to do the right thing ... and target fell short .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this target ( greatland ) . it is extremely clean , organized , and it is so so easy to find things at this location . the people here are friendly . another plus to this location is that it does n't seem as busy as some of the other locations . in the same shopping center , there are also a lot of other stores and restaurants to shop at .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the young person working in the food area who i believe is named pablo was incredibly helpful , polite and gave excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cashier here is very mean especially a lady named letticia !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite target in vegas . it does n't feel like a crazy packed zoo like the other targets in town . it 's always clean and neat . the team is nice and helpful . it was recently remodeled so having the larger grocery selection is great . during the jewish holidays they have plates , decorations , wrapping paper , etc , which is great because you ca n't find this at every target . i got a flu shot there earlier in the year and the pharmacist was great . my only issue ( actually only every once in a while would i consider this a true issue ) is that there are usually only 2 or 3 lanes open which sometimes creates long lines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the better target stores in the vegas area . it is always clean , neat , organized and well stocked . this location usually has lots of employees working the registers so you rarely have to wait , even if the parking lot looks full ( and it is always packed ) , you can get in and out quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't usually come to this location since i live on the other side of town . i happened to be house sitting while my parents were out of town and had forgotten to pack toothpaste . i 'm used to the target location by my place so i found the layout to be odd . everything is in the same place but the aisles for the women 's clothing and accessories was all cramped together . claustrophobia at it 's finest . they had everything i needed , and also things i have n't seen at my home location . so i 'm not complaining there . i did find the family sized pantene pro-v shampoo and conditioner on clearance for $ 3 on one of the end caps ! score ! ! it pays to just look around . you never know what deals you 'll find . there was no line and the cashier was really easy going . p.s . you might want to mop the floors . saw a bunch of stains that needed to be cleaned up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there 's just something about this particular target . if your option is between this location and the boca park location - i would definitely pick this one . the aisles are wide and bright , the employees are helpful , and it has a large selection of items in varying departments . i always have an enjoyable shopping experience when i come here . the only things that are lacking are a pfresh area and sometimes cashiers - but truth be told , i 'd rather wait an extra couple minutes than have to subject myself to a walmart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "target has become my favorite store especially this location since it 's always clean . not only do they have affordable school supplies they also have groceries , which is very convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location is perfect because i can make it be on my way home from work . if i need something random like sunblock or cream of mushroom soup then target is where i 'd prefer to go . it 's not as crowded as walmart and not boring like a grocery store . plus they have cute clothes here ! they also have good deals on things like foundation brushes . in other stores i 've seen them for $ 12.99 but i found one here for $ 1.99 . i also found $ 3.99 fake lashes for halloween . that beats spending $ 9.99 for them at the costume store . i like the fact that after shopping i can go get a snack in the store . i love their personal pan pizza bread sticks deal . the icing on the cake is that they do have blue slurpees !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the nicer target stores in las vegas , lacks store services though as there is only a pharmacy here . overall , for a older target greatland , this store looks as if it just opened yesterday still . it is always super slow here too , so if you like to shop in peace , you 've found your match !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love target ! ! i avoid wally world at all costs and shop at target instead . big fan of their clothes , kitchen items , seasonal items . go to target and never look back . do n't say i did n't warn you when you try somewhere else and you are disappointed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love target . i am a frequent shopper at this location because it 's the closest to my house , it 's clean , and has a variety of things to choose from . until today , i personally have never had a bad experience here . my husband has complained in the past of being followed around by what seemed to be store security , but that was n't something that i ever noticed until today . it sure ruins the shopping experience when you are obviously being watched by someone who is n't even shopping , and then that person attempts to talk to you , inquiring where you bought your shoes . ( how obvious after i was just in the shoe department trying some on , and the shoes i was wearing were bought there months ago . ) i love target , and i understand the need for strict security , but today 's experience was ridiculous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i could give them negative stars i would ! their price match policy is an absolute joke . target will only honor the price match policy on their own website if it lists a dollar amount not if lists buy one get one half off . ridiculous . so now i get to go home repurchase everything online only to return it when it arrives so i can receive the second item at 50 % off . losing another customer target !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was very disappointed with how un-structured this company is regarding there inventory . i 've been trying to track down a certain toy for my daughter for christmas . every morning since the 9th i 've gone to tis location and nothing . unfortunately i kept getting the run around about there delivery dates and there being no waiting list until i finally came across an employee who did mention let me put you on our call list when the item comes in . by that time there was so many people ahead of me my chances were far from good . the only response i got from the employees were . here 's the number of other locations to call my self to check if they have the item . finally a manager was called and i unfortunately got no were . needless to stay i now know where the standers lye .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the younger guy in guest services is such a good guy ! he had me crackin up and def made me smile ! he was kind to everyone ahead of me in line and was the same exact way to me ! ! ! bravo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this target and loving the remodel ! ! i 'm never stuck in long lines and it 's always easy returns.. staff is friendly as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this target management team are too young to be as manager . they do n't know what they are doing . they do n't know how their facial expressions and body languages are when they are in front of customer . they are too proud of their titles as manager in store without knowing why is so important of customer service to people who shop at this location . of course , when employees have manager like that , they wo n't treat customer fairly and friendly as well . example will be their management team where they learning the skills from .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "target is ok . they definitely have stuff that walmart does n't have that 's for sure . but they can be pricey on a lot of stuff that walmart does have . i only goto target for very few things . this particular location though is frequently empty of people , no music and you can practically hear a pin drop across the store . they need to liven it up a bit . this whole shopping plaza is fairly empty . it 's a very clean store though and i do like coming here from time to time but like i said , i only come for a few select things otherwise walmart pretty much has what i need for a better price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is our favorite target store . we 've been to many in las vegas , as i am a total target addict . we can spend hours shopping here . when it 's time for check out there is hardly ever a wait because they will open up the lines when they see more than 3 people waiting . i wish there was a super target with full service groceries and deli in las vegas . but for now this will do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this target ! everyone is always really nice and willing to help you with finding anything you are looking for . if the lines get too long they call for backup and associates show up very fast . there 's also a pizza hut inside this target , which is a plus if your running errands and have n't stopped to eat . the only complaint i have is their carts do n't have drink holders !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem ! awesome burgers , awesome fries , and the best selection of soda i have ever seen . ever i 'm ever back on the west side , i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place offers so many options ! walk in see a lot of sodas and interesting drinks to find in one place . the food is yummy . owner is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . my burger was n't that great . the bacon was overcooked . i came mostly for the soda selection . it takes a while to find the one you 're looking for . they do have a lot of choices . i found the birch beer i wanted . i 'll be back but mostly for the sodas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "checked this place out for lunch today looking for a hotdog . i got the chili cheese dog and cheese curds . everything was mediocre at best . the curds are super greasy , more than could be enjoyed , and the chili was n't the best . maybe the burgers and sandwiches are better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "would give 3.5 stars if i could . came here looking for a great burger , fries and shake and left a little disappointed . my burger was excellent but the single patty was paper thin . did n't look at all like some of the recent photos posted . the fries were fine , nothing special . the shake was i guess what you 'd expect for $ 2.99 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had never heard of rocket burger & subs until our neighbor told us how good the food is . last night my husband and i tried it . he had the bacon cheeseburger and i had the philly cheesesteak sandwich with fries and a drink . we both really liked the food . i do n't usually like fries but these were very good . never saw so many different kinds of soda . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here again with my wife for dinner . she had a chicken sandwich with a teriyaki pineapple sauce that was absolutely delicious . i did the mexican hot dog again . once again i was reminded why this place is so highly recommended . the food was amazing , the fries have gotten much much better too ! keep it up rocket burger ! i ca n't wait until next time . there 's just so much good stuff on the menu that i think i 'll be busy trying something new on each visit for a long time to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the serving sizes here were gigantic . the pricing is fair , and the menu is varied . i came with a group of 10 and everyone liked their order . the service was n't incredibly fast , but it was reasonable . the people there were also really nice , and the soda selection might be the most at any restaurant in the state of arizona . i look forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la comida super rica , me encant\u00f3 ! el mejor restaurante . es mi nuevo restaurante favorito", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum . good rice and beans . this place is clean and have nice staff . only downside is that it 's in the swapmeat . it is a good lunch spot though . worth a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's really good i always come back here . family own ... great service by mom n daughter , dad n son r the cooks , food is awesome ... for mexican food i recommend this place ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called instant-glow when i was in arizona & needed a spray tan . regina showed up on time & was very professional . i love my tan & the color is beautiful ! the tan was not orange or streaky at all . thanks instant-glow for your professional service ! i highly recommend this company to anybody needing a spray tan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always look radiant and natural after my spray ! i 've called them time and time again and will go to nobody else . i really like the flexibility and privacy of having the spray done in my home , too . for a quality spray tan done right , call instant-glow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! i have vitiligo and this really worked to help make it less noticeable ! ! ! ! looks beautiful , natural and really worth doing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after 1.5 years at truwest , i recently had a teller put a two day hold on a check deposit , after several questions it came down to being the tellers choice to do this . i was taken aback as i have no account overdrafts ever , and this company has never had a check not clear , also all the bankers and tellers have told me it is policy to fund deposits same or next day . after a letter to truewest i received , a call from the branch manager , confirming it is teller discretion to hold a check and what i have been told by every banker and teller was incorrect .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they use to be good - now do n't trust them . they lie about their fixed rate credit cards . never missed a payment . also , they have started charging all kinds of hidden fees . i switched to rbfcu and they are much better , lower fees and better loan rates . goodbye truwest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to this credit union to make a shared branching loan payment . the gals were friendly , but i was really shocked at the appearance of the teller who helped me ( nicole ) . she was wearing a long sleeved credit union shirt which was horribly wrinkled and a large , gaping rip at the right elbow . her elbow would stick out whenever she bent her arm . it was so obvious and really sloppy looking . i was so embarrassed for the credit union to have someone working with members who looked like that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "criminal banksters stole money from my account do n't believe all these people just because the bank is nice and friendly yeah they want you to give them your money so they can find any little reason to charge you ! they took $ just for using my card too much wtf ? ? do you really want these guys taking your money for using it ? really ? buy gold if your trying to save do n't waste your money with these guys there horrible !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this bank gives absolutely the worse rates for savings , checking , etc . its only good if you need a loan . dont give these people your money !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this credit union sucks ! horrible . the customer service , reps are not professional , they are ghetto . i doubt they do any criminal back ground checks on their employees . they love to agru with you , which is what they specialize in , definitely not customer service ! this credit credit union takes privileges away without notice ! one time i witnessed their employees laughing at an actual customer because she wanted explanation , as to decision making etc . all they could do is laugh and the customer was upset and they continued to be unprofessional ! stay away from this credit union , this is not the credit union for your needs . unprofessional , ghetto and these people have access to your account . beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "statements continue to be inaccurate based on physical paper statement vs online . their website is embarrassing and difficult to understand . i 'm a new member and ca n't wait to leave . customer service does n't exist . i tested them , asked for them to call me to refinance a vehicle , no call , they suggested the service . this place is laughable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "heard some good things about this credit union . wanted to get away from the bigger banks . went into branch and had the most amazing experience from start to finish with goretti . super knowledgeable , super friendly . we opened up several accounts . was so impressed with her i brought my teenage daughter back to open up accounts for her . goretti helped us again while educating my daughter . would definitely recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , if anyone is still using a 'bank ' get out of there , these people actually remember your name and seem to care about you and willing to help , , thank truwest !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love them , been a member since 1997 when they were motorola employees credit union west . i recently bought a new home . i worked with kelley birt on my mortgage , and she was great . got me approved and through underwriting in less than 3 weeks , she probably could have done it faster if we needed her to . highly recommend the very personal and professional experience they offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taku took some really nice photos at the event . he 's a great photographer and very intuitive in his lighting and angles . would highly recommend his photography services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ts photo is the absolute best ! ! ! i am beyond thrilled with the amazing photos this talented photographer took at my birthday party . taku was great to work with and made all my guests feel completely at ease . he was able to capture all the fun emotions of the day and every single time me and my friends look at the photos of my birthday party , we are able to feel all those emotions once again . we adore taku and ca n't wait to work with him again ! ! ! ! i can not praise him and his work enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taku is very personable and does incredible work . he recently shot a bridal showcase for me and did an amazing job . he is very professional and on time . he met with me twice before the show to check the lighting and to make sure he understood what i wanted . he is such an artist . i was so impressed the way he took over and did those artistic shots you always want but do n't know how to express . he is very knowledgeable in weddings and fashion show photography . he is quick to catch that priceless shots . i will defiantly use him again on all my upcoming weddings and events . with much respect , lisa v from vip events", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taku is so professional , work hard for every single detail and positioning . we had a group shooting , and he cared of every one of us , he was making sure all if us look great in picture . we are so pleasure to be shot by taku . he is truly amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taku was very flexible with scheduling and with how we wanted the photos to be taken once he got to our house for the photo shoot . he was very swift with his email responses as well as providing us with the final products ; we had our final images literally a day after the photo shoot ! our photos were all simple and plain this time , but i know we would contact him again in the future for more occasions : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taku and i worked at a fashion show together . first of all i ca n't say enough about how well he captured everyone even though the location had bad lighting . taku knew exactly how to adjust his camera to get the most bright and beautiful photos . he knows everyone , and is liked by everyone . he is funny and laughs a lot . he is very sociable and a true professional . everything you can want in a photographer and videographer . i ca n't wait until we work together again . thank you for the great photos and a wonderful experience . you are a true talent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the photos ! great to work with . communication was great especially from being far away and doing a destination wedding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could rate `` the wide world of maps '' with all the stars in a constellation i would ! ! this store rocks ! ! ! i am planing a trip to the nordic countries and this store delivered ! ! ! they had every map i was looking for , iceland , denmark , norway , sweden ! ! they also helped me update my garmin so when im driving over there i do n't land in some fjord ! street maps , topographical maps , wall maps , az four wheel'in maps ! ... ... ... .it 's the bubba gump of maps ! ! ! ! every kind you can imagine ! so if you ca n't find what you are looking for at the book store , i can bet these guys will have it ! ! bon voyage fellow yelpers ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks print most of the maps you see , and have the license to create custom maps for special occasions , events , or businesses . if they do n't have it , and it ca n't be ordered , or they ca n't print it themselves , you 're are sol . i doubt that even a search on the world wide web can find it , hence their name , which , by the way , was created before the internet . i know , they 've been around awhile and in the same location , shoot , i think the same people are working here since first visiting the place back in the early 80 's . hence the five stars . some might give 'em four because they did n't have the map they were looking for ... .that 's like going to toys-r-us and looking for a major matt mason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for some kind of special map for your next adventure , or even a basic road map for wherever , this place either will have it or can probably get it . i came in looking for the new version of the apache-sitgreaves national forest map a couple weeks ago , after no luck at rei . not only did they have it , but they had about 10 copies of it ! sure , i could have bought it online , but if i can get it now , and support a local business at the same time , then score ! staff was friendly and helpful , and you can tell they like what they are doing . store is right off i-17 . it 's slightly difficult to pull in and out of their parking lot because of how close you are to the street , so be careful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buyer beware . customer service is non existent . purchased an item on amazon . does not follow up or make things right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent selection and even better service . amazing selection of maps , books , flags , and more . the store was clean and the staff was extremely friendly . i would highly recommend this store to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location was not easy to find but am glad i found it . very pleased with the service , joe did an amazing job and of course the price ca n't beat that ! i highly recommend this place for anyone looking to get their car windows tinted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same as the other reviews ... joe is a very professional and seemingly honest guy . he worked on our suv ( all sides and rear ) , and so far , the tint looks very nice . i am going back there next month for him to work on the vehicle 's front windshield .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not one to make a review . i normally just check them but every once in a while you come across someone who truly cares about their job and their customers . joe is that type of person . he is priced far better than the rest and does an amazing job . explains everything you need to know about the finished work and how to take care if it and offers a guarantee . you can tell he makes every job personal and it 's not just another customer to joe . job well done man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owner went out of his way to get our car in to get it done . he gave us an estimated time of completion and had the professionalism to call and let us know he needed 30 more minutes . the job was done well and we are very happy with the results . we would go back if we needed another tint job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all around this place is great . the tint job came out great . my wife had a vision of how she wanted it done and they got it done . joe did a good job explaining everything getting used to the darker tint . i called on a thursday , and we had our suv tinted and done by friday afternoon . i 'm definitely going to recommended all my friends to go here and going to have all my future vehicles tinted here also . you ca n't beat lifetime warranty neither .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love bringing a new vehicle to desert to get tinted . great price and great work . been coming to desert customs for years . thank u very much", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only gripe i have against this place is the parking , it is horrible . i no longer try to park on the first level . my recommendation is to either head up to the upper levels or valet your car . the area itself is super cool , they have everything you need in one location grocery stores , department store , italian restaurant , sports bar , spanish food , steakhouse , yogurt bar , boutiques etc . i am not the biggest fan of hickory tavern , but the best hickory tavern in the city is the metropolitan location . vivace is also located here , they are one of my favorite italian restaurants in town , making all homemade pastas . all of the restaurants have outdoor seating with beautiful picturesque views of the city . maybe the best views of the city from any restuarant within the city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh baby you ... got what i neeeeeed ... trader joe 's , west elm , best buy , staples , marshalls , boutique stores , restaurants ... i wish i lived above in the condos ! for those of us that need to visit the met , the parking is atrocious during peak times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everything you would ever need in one place . trader joe 's , best buy , hickory tavern , modern salon & spa , and even a few boutiques . they have concerts outside on the stage between vivace and hickory tavern . also love the greenway in this area ! there are bikes that you can rent here and ride to freedom park . great place ; the only downside is the parking ( or lack of ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while i love stopping in here , mainly for trader joe 's , it can be a bit of a hassle . the parking situation , both on the target side & the best buy trader joe 's side is not great at all . however , getting into each side is n't that big of a problem , thanks to traffic lights . it does have something for everyone , especially in the eatery department . there 's asian , vegetarian , american , a frozen yogurt shop , italian , a which-wich , & the new pizza fusion . i 'm not quite the fan of this best buy or target , just because the employees at both locations are kind of seedy & the interior is always dirty & unkept .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location , great restaurants , best buy and trader joe 's - what a combination but the drawback is the traffic . complex management does n't seem to be active in making it better instead the cars back up , creating a real mess . hope the benefits and popularity of this place do n't become its downfall . the place needs a good traffic engineer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the metropolitan ! ! it helps that trader joe 's is there ! it right off of sugar creek so you can easily walk to get there . you can eat at some of the river facing restaurants and listen to live music some nights . the metropolitan also has a best buy , staples , and marshall 's . all very convenient in one area . i recommend coming here , as it 's almost a weekly thing for me ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thet met is indeed pretty cool . there are a ton of eateries , places to shop and during the warmer months they have a concert series that pops up . some of my favorite places to go to here are best buy , zoe 's kitchen , pisces and target . oh , ca n't forget trader joes . althought not a huge fan of all in grocery shopping there it 's still a cool place for those obscure items . the view from another restaurant ( vivace ) is gorgeous on the right night also . highly recommend trying to catch a nice sunset on a fall evening !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "maybe when this built this they didnt think it was going to be a popular area but it is and parking is horrendous . the way the parking garage is set up with basically one way in and out makes finding parking difficult . once you do find parking , there is a bunch of great business here . you can do a little shopping and then grab a bite to eat at one of the great restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "5 stars obviously ... i live here , so that 's awesome , but this place also has a ton of great stores and restaurants , plus cool events ( music , min-festivals , etc . ) the only downside is the parking garage and it 's traffic , which i navigate daily . no one can seem to figure out . and why does everyone feel the need to back into spots ... .and it 's not like they are pro wheelmen either ... .it 's like watching that scene from austin powers where he jams himself between the walls and keeps trying to navigate out of it . it 's a spectacle of incompetent driving ... anyway ... this place is a jewel . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "allgemein positiv \u00fcberrascht , das essen war sehr lecker , preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltinus gut bedienung der service war freundlich , schnell und aufmerksam ! ich f\u00fchlte mich sehr gut betreut . au\u00dferdem war er humorvoll und brachte uns alle ab und zu zum lachen und hielt somit uns in guter stimmung . das essen das essen war ziemlich lecker ! war sehr begeistert nicht zu viel und nicht zu wenig auswahl ! was sehr lecker war , waren so nudeln mit garnelen , bifteki und tintenfische so fritiert . als vorspei\u00dfe sind die panierten zuchinis nur zu empfehlen ! die preise waren ganz in ordnung ! ( hauptgerichte so 10-15\u20ac ) das ambiente sehr angenehm , wohlf\u00fchl-atmosph\u00e4hre garantiert ! der raum war sch\u00f6n hell und gut dekoriert . sauberkeit der tisch war sauber und sch\u00f6n dekoriert . toiletten auch sehr sauber !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich habe schon lange einen guten griechen in stuttgart gesucht und die hoffnung schon fast aufgegeben . dann haben uns freunde mit in die taverne porto eli\u00e1 genommen und ich fragte mich , wie ich von diesem griechen solange nichts geh\u00f6rt habe , wenn ich nach guten griechen in stuttgart gefragt habe . wir haben im sommer drau\u00dfen an der stra\u00dfe gesessen . da nicht viele autos an dieser ecke vorbeikommen , ist das nicht unangenehm . wir haben einige der klassiker probiert : suflaki , frikadelle , gyros . alles war sehr gut , das fleisch war gut gew\u00fcrzt und sch\u00f6n zart . auch das zaziki und die vorspeisenplatte waren sehr lecker . au\u00dferdem haben wir am nachbartisch noch den frischen fisch gesehen , der wirklich gut aussah . allerdings waren wir schon viel zu voll , um noch ans essen zu denken . die preise waren absolut angemessen , der service h\u00f6flich . so gerne wieder .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "schlechteste angebliche griechische k\u00fcche die ich im leben gesehen habe ! ist rufsch\u00e4digend f\u00fcr die griechischen k\u00fcche . fleisch nicht mal halbdurch sowie die kartoffeln . und das bei mehreren tischen was sich bis zum schluss feststellte ! haar im nachtisch ! sogar der eine stern ist zuviel f\u00fcr die bewertung f\u00fcr diesen laden ! und das personal bzw . chef sehr frech und uneinsichtig ! lange wird dieser laden nicht bleiben . und dann kommt das grosse meckern !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "allgemein es war ein tolles dinner . unsere erwartungen wurden \u00fcbertroffen . tolles essen , aufmerksame bedienung und ein besonders liebevolles ambiente . bedienung sehr freundlicher und aufmerksamer service . die bedienung gab uns empfehlungen , die wirklich toll waren . das essen verschiedene vorspeisen und den zartesten , gegrillten oktopus , den ich je in stuttgart serviert bekommen habe . die lammhaxe und die gr\u00fcnen bohnen waren auf den punkt und mit viel liebe zubereitet , es hat wie ein hausgemachtes schmorgericht geschmeckt . das ambiente das ambiente ist toll . viele frische blumen und eine sehr behagliche atmosph\u00e4re . sauberkeit die tischdecken sind bl\u00fctenwei\u00df und gest\u00e4rkt . alles ist blitzblank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food nice wine and a couple of hefeweizen . enjoyed our stay . we came in a group of four and sat outside . good service . we 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein sehr nettes restaurant mit sch\u00f6n abgestimmter einrichtung und netter bedienung . die speisen schmecken gut und man kann dort sogar orig . griech . \u00f6l kaufen . gem\u00fctliche atmosph\u00e4re in gehobener klasse .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked it a lot when it first opened last year . the line was so long and you always need to get there 30 minutes before you open to get a seat immediately , otherwise you would need to wait for at least an hour . it was worth the wait because of the atmosphere that 's good for dating and seafood was very fresh . however , everything changed . their seafood is no more fresh , but their prices are way higher than the average . i do n't really have a reason going there anymore . why would you pay more to get something very average ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely my new favorite sushi place in town . it 's a little expensive - hopefully they come out with some cheaper lunch takeout options !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was craving sushi , and sakanaya appeared to be the best choice in the chambana . we arrived right before they opened for dinner , so we were sat before there was a line . we ordered the seaweed salad as an appetizer . for entree , we got the `` i love salmon '' plate , as we were not very hungry . got the seaweed salad , and it seemed like it 's just pre-packaged seaweed salad with a cherry tomato on top . tasty , but not too special . for the main entree , the salmon plate ( see pic for details ) . it was good , but not great . honesty , the best part was the gochujang ketchup they had on the salmon roll . sakanaya is relatively good in chambana , but not great if compared to other places i 've been to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best asian food on campus . the hosts are very nice and the booking system for campus is awesome . they will take a reservation in person and call you when your spot is ready , so you do n't have to wait endlessly at the restaurant . note : the seating can be more comfortable though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best sushi in cu . i would n't go anywhere else . service sets this place apart . servers are efficient , friendly , and accommodating . someone is always available to answer questions about the rotating rice wine sake menu . fish is always fresh here and they are generous with sashimi sizes . i do n't think that they have the largest selection most unique rolls , but the ones they have are quality and beautiful . it 's a small space but we 've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table . once in , you will completely forget that you 're in the middle of green st , save for all the students around you . perfect vibe and decor for the food served . even the soy sauce dispensers are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our favorite place for a nice vegetarian japanese experience in champaign . great seaweed salad , teriyaki tofu , and avocado rolls ! a simple style , nice ambience and a young college crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place on campus for fine dining sushi . the menu is full of great options and the fish is very fresh . it is a bit expensive for on campus dining but definitely worth the money . everything is full of flavor and you pay for the quality . the presentation is also great and the service was fast and helpful . restaurant is small so wait time for a table is long but if you use the app nowait you can get in line through the app and see how long the wait is until your table is ready and you will get a text when it is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ramen here is super tasty - i get the spicy tonkotsu ramen when i go there . it is flame . and the sushi looks pretty good , though i have n't had it yet . this is one of the fancier restaurants on green st. definitely a good place for a nice meeting or date .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "low fodmap approved for certain sushi , nigiri , and rolls . the i love tuna or i love salmon with no spicy sauce is the best bed . definintely the best sushi in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has really fresh sushi , but it can be pricy . they do n't take reservations and they have limited dinning room so the wait for a table is really long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow i ca n't believe this is in champaign urbana ! the freshest most creative and delicious sushi imaginable . served in beautiful plates in a chic setting . even the green tea is exceptional . the only problem is the place is small and there are no reservations . you have to get there the moment they open or have a long wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing sushi ! ! ! we ordered about 7 rolls and each one was equally amazing ! plan to go back soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sakanaya has the best sushi in chambana , hands down . i have been here many times and the sushi is always fresh , the rolls are delicious . the only reason , i ca n't give them 5 stars is because of the restaurant itself . it is very small and crowded . you need to show up when they open a 5pm if you want to assure yourself of a table . best times to go are when the students are on break , but even then you may be waiting up to 30 minutes for a seat . the wait staff is very attentive , and you ca n't go wrong with the white emperor roll , or the uni . they are also open late , went their once at 10:30 pm and got the last table available . they have many other options besides sushi , people rave about their raman .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and good japanese food ! reasonably priced lunch specials . dinner is a little more expensive . sushi is surprisingly good for mid-illinois , and the ramen and udon are rich and satisfying . celebrate with sakanaya : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , best sushi and japanese cuisine in central illinois hands down . superior quality in every bite even to the best i 've tasted in chicago !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sushi in champaign ! i use to live in miami , fl and this sushi is comparable . beats kofusion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! philly roll was outstanding . kamikaze was really good but almost overbearing on the spiciness . green tea tastes as if we 're infused with soy sauce so i did n't drink it but i was n't charged for it either . i 'll definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great sushi ! a little bit pricy but definitely worth it for the quality of food . i ca n't wait to go back and try the noodle dishes . go here -- you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious but a little expensive . nice service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "atmosphere was great . this is a great place to bring a date to . only thing bad is that it 's kind of cramped because the space is small . as a result , you usually have to wait awhile to be seated ( 10-20min ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and good service . tough to get in but worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the first place i ever ate when i visited champaign before moving here . it was more of a working lunch so i did n't order too adventurously , but the noodles i got were excellent and the soup was perfect . the wait can get a bit long at meal times - it 's worth a modest wait - but if it 's too long there are plenty of options in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really tasty sushi , and the decor is lovely . it 's super expensive for champaign , illinois , but there 's not much to do about it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sushi store on campus ! love how fresh their food is . great for celebrations or dates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive only tried their late night menu . the wait was long , but the wings were really good . i felt like it was trying to be too cool though , which always turns me off of a place . i prefer yellow fin , which is quiet and you can appreciate the food more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sakanaya is unique atmosphere . has good japanese ramen noodles that are not comparable to any other ramen restaurants in champaign .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent acceuil . le meme commis m'aide \u00e0 trouver un router selon mes besoins . a r\u00e9pondu \u00e0 toutes mes questions . le service \u00e0 la caisse etait aussi amical et rapide .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pour vos besoins de fournitures de bureau , c'est l'endroit id\u00e9al pour tout trouver en un seul endroit . la seule chose c'est que \u00e7a risque d'\u00eatre un peu plus cher qu'ailleurs mais en m\u00eame temps , vous ne douterez jamais de la qualit\u00e9 des marques qu'ils pr\u00e9sentent . j'\u00e9cris cet avis surtout pour leur service d'impression . le c\u00f4t\u00e9 service \u00e0 la client\u00e8le est excellent et j'adore que maintenant que j'ai appris \u00e0 m'en servir , je peux passer ma commande via le web ( si elle est simple ) et je re\u00e7ois un courriel lorsqu'elle est pr\u00eate . tout pour me sauver du temps ! la qualit\u00e9 des documents que j'ai imprim\u00e9 est aussi vraiment bonne et je n'ai jamais re\u00e7u de document qui \u00e9tait moins bien que ce que je m'imaginais .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "remember back in the day when you could just make a photocopy for .25\u00a2 and now you have to wait 30 mins because you have to put your .40\u00a2 on a card cos the do n't accept cash in year 2014 , which by the way will cost you a dollar - beware bureau en gros not the place for a speedy check out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tres mauvais service a la client\u00e8le le directeur jonathan est tres impoli et impatient . pour porter plainte j ai telephone au sercice a la clientele et je me suis fait couper sans avoir pu communiquer avec personne . soyez sur que j irai faire mes achat dans une banni\u00e8re qui s occupe de sa client\u00e8le .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s d\u00e9\u00e7ue de votre service d'imprimante peu professionnel denise", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love their massages ! ! it 's not a big place , but the service is great and their massotherapists are very good at what they are doing ... i have been there a couple times now , they treated my shoulder and neck pain and now no more headaches : ) definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely awful . not clean . the woman was completely inexperienced . dirty place . i am a very experienced waxer and this was the worst place i have ever been to . avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the receptionists are super friendly ! the place is always clean ! love the relaxation music ! prices are reasonable comparing to other spas.. the massage therapist asked me questions to make sure she applies the right amount of pressure and which area need the most work.. i have a severe back sprain and she released a lot of my muscle tension.. she even gave me certain stretches and movements that i can do at home.. in other words she knew exactly what she was doing and was great at it ! i 'd definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they know the business and helped me tremendously . very knowledgeable and therapeutic . also very clean", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even by the low standards of salvation army thrift shops , this place is the pits . it is extremely cramped with hardly any space between the racks . i 've been here several times and have n't found anything good yet . but because i 'm a trooper , i will keep checking ! closed", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great staff and still had a decent selection of items and at times pickers surprises i am sure the big box thrift store value village next door helped quicken it 's demise however the store has been shuttered and is now closed for forever", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love second hand stores and ai n't afraid to admit it . first of all , it 's way cheaper than value village . vv is like the gucci of the second hand world ... . second , it 's less busy , much smaller and cuter . they do n't have as much new stuff at this location but i have found so many gems ( including my faux fur coat and psychedelic tights holllaaa ) that i just keep coming back . that and they always have some kind of special - either 1 dollar pants shirts pillows etc or 50 % off blue tags or yellow tags , or something . anyway , it 's fun and if you 're scared that your clothes jewelry may have belonged to a once alive grandmother - do n't go here . hehe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did not end up getting my dress here , but i wanted to write a review anyway because helen was so great . she was extremely patient with me and willing to go out of her way to make the dresses exactly what i wanted . very sweet and extremely knowledgable about wedding dresses and how to fit and alter them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you helen for helping me choose my dream wedding dress . you made me feel really comfortable , i really appreciate your help from the bottom of my heart . you really made me feel especial . also , thank you tuesday for the amazing blessing . arizona bridal boutique has been the best experience . geovany oxox", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liz was amazing . i 'm a busty curvy girl and liz was able to help me find dresses in my size and made me feel beautiful . i did say yes to the dress ! and all the ladies were so friendly and also alterations lady has 38 years experience..amazing also the shop is so beautiful and peaceful . i would highly recommend this place to anyone going to find a wedding dress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bridal boutique for one is like pinterest in a boutique . the shop is just beautiful . all the staff were super sweet and they made my wedding dress shopping experience exactly what i 'd hope it would be ; memorable & of course emotional . my wonderful stylist sasha was extraordinary ! i said `` yes '' to my dress at bridal bridal boutique . if you are on the hunt for that dress their collection has everything a bride could hope for . thank you ladies at bridal boutique", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful dresses , but not a `` say yes to the dress '' experience if that is what you are looking for . you buy your dress , then you leave and no one offers to take photos or gives you signs that say `` i said yes to the dress '' ( unless that was just my experience ) . i am happy that i brought my own and we did our own photoshoot . i was also being helped by s a employee who was also helping a walk in guest so that was a bit stressful and made the experience seem rushed . the gowns are expensive , but they seems to run deals at their store , so that is beneficial . store is gorgeous in general . they have a really pretty rustic gate that is perfect for photos . not good parking , but there is a lot of street parking because of all the local businesses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just wanted to say a big thank you to everyone at the bridal boutique of arizona especially helen who was absolutely amazing . my sister had gone to a few different bridal shops and was getting very disillusioned with the whole idea of having to find a dress . i found this boutique online and flew out to phoenix to meet with my sister and try and help her find a dress . helen made the whole process so effortless and fun . she asked the right questions and really listens to what my sister liked and did n't like . she gave some great ideas . and my sister is super happy with her dress and the customization available . the customer service was absolutely amazing they did a great job of making her feel catered to . i would highly recommend this boutique to anyone looking for a wedding dress especially if you 're a picky bride . and i ca n't forget to mention the store is absolutely adorable it 's very rustic shabby chic with elegant bling they even have a real old-fashioned vault !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best christiano lucci dresses & prices are responsible , you get what you pay for . staff was helpful , patient , and professional ! liz assisted me & i was able to find the perfect dress", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people who work there are nice enough , but there is no real organization in the line and it seems to take forever . the ice cream tastes a bit too fatty , almost like a butter flavor instead of ice cream . they need to do a better job of blocking the sun because it can be blinding in there . i have n't tried the ice cream cupcakes but i hear they are very good so i will give it a shot and update my review .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you have to love good ice cream and this is just it . you can make your own flavor of ice cream by mixing in different ingredients . i really recommend the strawberry blonde . it is really good . they sell half gallon sized ones that is the best deal to take home . this place is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a cold stone fan for years and while just about everything i 've tried is amazing , i have created my 'go-to ' favorite . i get sweet cream ice cream , with raspberries and chocolate shavings . sometimes , if i 'm really treating myself , i add whip cream to the mix . everything is delicious , the staff is always friendly and overall the place has a great atmosphere . i think i just may need to make a visit tonight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great spot all year around . they are everywhere now as well . they recently started a birthday club where you get a `` love it '' size ice cream valid from your birthday to two weeks away . this cold stone also does great fundraisers for schools . they are busy , but well worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful hotel and upscale compared to any other marriott courtyard i have ever stayed at in the states . good service , convenient parking , nice rooms . i am very impressed at the hotel management staff . i found internet was slow for me , and prasad went above and beyond and contacted their technical staff for me . and the issue was actually resolved . frequent travelers will appreciate that when you run into people like prasad that are good to their word and get the issue handled that you are dealing with quality people . this is a worthwhile hotel for business and leisure both . very good service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hotel is old..looks like very long temps ... .the door of our room is broken ... ca n't close..and the ice machine is broken too ... omg ... too bad ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the hotel is out of the city however close enough to stay and get a reasonable rate . they have the normal courtyard amenities like starbucks and touch-screen interactive kiosk in the lobby , but they also had free continental and hot breakfast on the 14th floor and a kitchenette in my room including a dishwasher , stove , microwave , sink and full-size fridge , which i have n't seen in a courtyard before . the hotel also had an office , pool , large exercise room and a laundry room in the lower level . the lower level and dining area are both spacious and you can find a corner to make a call or use your electronic device ( s ) on the free wifi . there is a parking garage and a small fee for using it ... even if you park on the side of the hotel not in the garage . if you are visiting the city , plan on traffic , but that is a given .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my stay here was excellent ! the hotel was clean , updated , and very comfortable . the elevators got jammed up a bit with so many people trying to use them , that was a little annoying but not a big deal . it was a great price and a great stay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every aspect of this hotel was excellent . check in staff were very friendly . room was clean and bright . great view of the city . starbucks coffee shop located in the front lobby for that great bold coffee pick me up . the pool was clean and bright . breakfast was top notch ! ! ! ! ! ! hot and cold selections to tide you over till supper . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first and also the last visit of this place . i was disappointed by the service and the food . the waitress was n't friendly at all . i ordered breakfast menu , but every part of it had something i did n't like - potatoes were undercooked , eggs too greasy and undercooked and sausages burned . also the water tasted strange . sirup provided to pancakes was so watery , that i suspect they mixed it with water to reduce costs . with the price for breakfast similar to the restaurant across the street , it is not worth to come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for breakfast today since it was close to home and expected a sketchy experience . wait staff were nice , food was what you would expect of a small town diner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a horrendous experience just parking in front of this establishment ! the owner chef came running out screaming at the top of his lungs like some hysterical animal - because we misparked . this is an abusive person and stay away - especially if you are a woman !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "soooo . good . we had brunch there ( challah french toast was amazing ) and ordered bread to go . everything was made to perfection , and the service was just lovely . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the delivery is so slow , took an hour to bring my food . the burger was only ok , the lettuce and bun had gone kinda mushy . the wings are amazing but there needs to be a dry wing option .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "40 flavors and some other decent options , with large wings . there 's something special about the coating they put on their wings that gives them a satisfying crunch and keeps them very moist . the only downside to having that many flavors is that sometimes they mess up and you do n't get the flavors you actually order . the staff are great , but the prices and flavor errors knocked off a star for me . even so , i 'll still keep going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was excited about trying their wings , and had been meaning to stop in for a while . i placed my order through just eat and began to eagerly await my wings ... and wait ... and wait . finally almost two hours later my food arrived . when i mentioned this insane wait time to the driver he laughed and asked why i had n't just ordered through them directly ... no apology nothing . i am incredibly disappointed as i 'd hoped that this would be the positive experience i 'd been hoping for to end a bad day ... .clearly my mistake ! never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we waited about 1 1 2 hours for the delivery . never order the boneless wings - they should call them `` mushy drum stick shaped chicken scraps '' . the flavor was good , but the texture and consistency is quite off-putting . for the price , i would have been better off just getting some chicken nuggets from micky-ds and adding some franks red hot buffalo sauce myself . the fries were limp and boring .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really does it ! ! ! authentic mexican food ! reasonable prices ! i had he carne asada burrito with everything . most of the time it 's evenly spread with the ingredients . but if you want one more than the other you can just tell them and the lady 's will do it . so kind ! ladies can cook back there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is close to home and the best latin food i have ever tasted in my life as a african american woman . they not only have good customer service with an inviting environment but every single thing i have tried on the menu is beyond my expectations . from the pazole to asada burritos to the carnitas . today reason i 'm commented was because i ordered 3 beef menu chimi and it made me happy once again the chimmis are not pre rolled and stuffed they stuff and roll them by hand and fry it when i say the best freaking chimmis i have had in history . in the area i suggest you stop on by seriously", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food ! the pozloe and tortas are my favorite , but the carne asada tacos are pretty amazing too . you can also go on eat24.com and place your order online and it will be ready for you to pick up shortly after your arrival . the salsa bar here is small but delicious , and the pickled veggies are to die for . i 'd run off with the whole tray if they let me ! this place is n't in the best area but the food is definitely worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time coming to this place and it did n't disappoint . food was delicious and prices are fair . tasted quite a different items : al pastor adobada burrito , cabeza , carne asada , and chicharon tacos . the winner was definitely the al pastor meat . it was pcked with flavor and really reminded me of the flavor you would get in mexico city . dont be afraid of the looks , its a hole in the wall but more like a local and humble restaurant . service was friendly and they also have pan dulce . i will definitely be back for the el pastor", "score": "5"}
{"review": "don panchos taqueria is the sole reason why i am addicted to tortas . this place is beyond delicious and is the best mexican food joint i have ever had to the pleasure to eat at to this day . i have been visiting this place for over nine years . they not only have a salsa bar , they have a vegtable bar where you can load up on unlimited carrots , cucumber , lemons , oniions ect . the service is always welcoming and genuinely friendly . i have a little place in my heart for don panchos taqueria , i would urge anyone to take the trip and enjoy this amazing little place : ) the restaurant is pretty hood , but that is the least of it once you try it ! your mouth will consistantly water for it.. : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to have breakfast before going to church and i 'm truly overall disappointed with this place . first they did n't have what i wanted . then i ordered an egg and ham burrito so i can just eat the inside because i 'm on a special diet . what i got was mostly potatoes with an over cooked egg , and ham . needless to say that most of the food went to waste because i ca n't eat potatoes . i would have taken it back and asked for them to remake it but it took so long to get our food that i would be late for church if i waited .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! great tacos , quesadillas de maiz ( sooooo goood ! ) , burritos , sopes , tortas ... . the list is endless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a carne asada burritos meat was burned more rice and beans then meat , meat seemed to only be in front and back of burrito not in the middle hardly any sour creme loud music . not much flavor in the salsas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the absolute best mexican food in the area ! always come here when i land its a must ! every other place you have to be careful about , this place 100 % authentic ! amazing great yumm ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic , always excellent , friendly service . there are bigger and fancier places in the valley , but none are better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is deeelllishhhhh ! ! ! i can never get tired of eating at this restaurant . while you wait for your food , they bring you a small plate of chips with beans on top . their beans are amazing . the quesadillas also taste delicious and so do their tacos . my brother gets the tortas and he loves them . the only thing that i have tried from this place that i was n't crazy about was their menudo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is always fresh and delicious . i dont have to worry about this cook or that cook its all the same , delicious mexican food . i love their pork torta and get it every time ! the green sauce is the best in town too full of actual sauce and flavor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite place to eat the food is so authentic , the carne asada burrito is really good its wrapped in a very fluffy hand made tortilla . their pozole is my personal favorite so delicious it makes your taste buds go crazy first time i tried it i went home and told my family now its our go to place after church and have recommened all of my friends to go and they all have loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a delicious serving of hangover helper ! great spot once again . had 2 carnitas tacos , and 2 pastor tacos . those were the highlight . also had the quesadilla de maiz again de carne asada ( wish it did n't have lettuce ) . and a chicken burrito . the pork is insane . kinda rough inside , but great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a green chile burrito , menudo and horchata all for around 12 bucks . given an appetizer without asking . may have been just chips and beans but the act was thoughtful . go to this place today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love this place ! i 've been going to don panchos for over 10 years and they never disappoint . i 'm always satisfied . they will always be my # 1 go to for mexican food . they have so much variety so you ca n't go wrong here . it will please any mexican food craving you got .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i found this restaurant on yelp , decided to give it a chance . well let me say this my friends this place is for reals , taste just mother 's cooking . great presentation , right amount of food and the frijoles ( beans ) were to die for . love it and will be back ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place i have been looking for ! ! ! new to area my new go to spot . asada fresh with good grilled cooked flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly folks at this cfa , which had something wrong with their ordering board so they were taking orders in person . very organized , very slick and super friendly folks . i even kidded the gal at the window that she had a cfa jacket and she actually has a sweater , hat and more . funny ! yep , my chicken sandwich with no pickle was perfect . nice and hot , nice and fresh . the waffle fries were the usual awesome . well done , cfa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is always packed , especially the drive thru . with that said , it is one of my favorite locations , food is always on point and the service is amazing ! one thing i am still disappointed about , and it has nothing to do about this location , but why did chic-fil-a change the sauces and get rid of the cole slaw ? ? still miss it . anyway , if you 're in the area , definitely make a stop here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being someone from the midwest , i ca n't really say enough about how much i love having chick-fil-a regularly and this one is right down the street from my house ! the service is always top-notch , even when there is a line stretching out onto woodlawn and that is often . although a little ... ok a lot ... .crowded at peak time , it 's still worth the wait if you are craving a chicken sandwich like i so often am . i also happen to hate mayonnaise , so for me , the bun and the pickle is all i need , maybe a little polynesian sauce on the side . their milkshakes are also really good ... .try the cookies and cream , lots of chunks of real oreos and just thick enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a queen 's student you can get a free fried ( unfortunately they wo n't swap it for the grilled ) original or spicy chicken sandwich on wednesday 's with purchase of a drink and fries ( you can swap the fries for a salad ! ) . it 's a good option for the struggling or study oriented student . plus , chick-fil-a offers free wifi , so you might be lucky enough to snag a spot and put in some study time . if you need an extra boost of caffeine , try an iced coffee for your drink option !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually get a craving for chick-fil-a on sundays . which is actually a good thing , because then i just have to move on to the healthier choices of eating this location is usually , quick & fairly friendly . as with any fast food setup , once the drive-thru backs up , parking & getting out of parking spaces can become an exercise in patience . one of my favorite things at chick-fil-a is a morning of indulgence ... chicken , egg & cheese biscuit & a large , sweet iced tea . southern heaven .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually meet my friends here for lunch as it is a good midpoint between uptown and south charlotte . parking can be a little tricky for this area , but i 've always found a spot , somewhere close . the line inside is always pretty quick , and there are an abundance of children during lunch time , as there is a pretty good play place attached . if you do n't like children , i suggest going somewhere else . the servers are nice and the food is good , what i 've come to expect from a chick fil a , and have never been disappointed here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this chic-fil-a disappointed me ! i 've been a fan of this chain for as long as i can remember and was happy that upon our recent move to this part of charlotte there was one right up the street from our home . so imagine my disappointment when the drive-thru line was slow and the service not nearly as polite , prompt and pleasant as i 've come to expect when eating at chic-fil-a . i went twice in one day ( breakfast and dinner ) , and the service was disappointing both times . what a let down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i still never understand how the people at chick-fil-a are so friendly . but this place is awesome they have never messed up my order . when there is a long line they have 2 people outside taking orders so it speeds up the process and does n't take as long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are very nice although they have training issues . every time i order iced tea with a splash of lemonade i am charged for an arnold palmer and that is not what i ordered . i do not blame the nice young man who served , i blame his training or lack there of . they need to re- train staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently courteous and clean ! the staff is always accommodating with special order requests . supports local schools and nonprofits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best chick-fil-a in charlotte - service is always great as well as the food . always a frequent visitor - a very convenient location - worth being patient for when crowded !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this chick fil a . the customer service is awesome . there are always employees asking if i need anything and making sure i am satisfied . obviously a great place for kids . the outdoor space and playground is nice and well kept .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another relative rating . it does n't get much better for a chain restaurant than chick-fil-a . the service is always friendly , professional , polite and quick . got ta love their chicken . nice thing is that they have healthier options like grilled chicken ... .just skip the cheese and bacon and mayo ... .and fries . but their waffle fries are really good , especially with their famous `` chick-fil-a sauce ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly , nice , fast , clean , efficient , consistent . the manager and staff has always been great . if only all fast food could be this way . y'all are awesome- thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can usually find a line coming out of this place during weekday lunches and breakfast . i was lucky enough that this morning there was n't . i got my chicken minis hot and fresh . my only complaint as always is why do n't they serve chicken minis all day ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst chic fil a experience ever ! the lemonade was rancid , the waffle fries were over cooked and medium warm , and the chicken strips were rubbery and over cooked as well . i had it to go , so it was too late to go back . will never go to this location ever again . or is saturday at 3:30pm the wrong time to go ? blech . i did n't finish anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone is always so friendly . there today with my daughter ... balloon man making treats for the kids , manager helping a lady with a baby with the high chair and placemat , and always coming up asking to refill my drink . for a fast food restaurant i think this is impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite chickfila location so far ! this location is always clean and their service is fast and attentive . frequently i 've met the owner taking orders . it gets extremely busy at lunch and right when school gets out . unfortunately sometimes the drive through line backs all the way out onto the main road but i think that 's just a sign of how popular they are . there service certainly is n't slow . i 've been coming to this location for over ten years and have never been disappointed . i would highly suggest buying the cow calendar at the end of the year so you can get the coupons each month for a free food item chosen my chickfila . there 's a nice play area outside for kids as well . i do n't have any kids but it seems like that would be a nice perk if i did . i 've never received bad service here and you wo n't either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are plenty of places in charlotte that have either challenging parking lots or can be difficult to get into . this particular location has both . i do not know if it was a mandate from the city , but because of the entrance of this location , it can be a real bear to get into the parking lot if you are headed in the wrong direction due to a cement barrier that attempts to make sure only those from one direction are allowed entry . attempts ? yes , attempts . there are people headed in the wrong direction who have decided that they need their fix and go for it anyway , and that just makes life difficult for everyone , but such is the world we live in . should you get inside , the actual restaurant is not bad , it is merely your mood due to having to navigate the entryway to the parking lot , and the relatively small lot itself - which is not really bad , just undersized .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the friendliest staff ever . this is my favorite chick-fil-a because every time i go through the drive thru they always remember my name . one young lady always greets me with such joy . i wish i could remember her name to give her a shout out , but she is always so nice every time i am there . my food is always hot . ca n't recall a time where i have had anything go wrong at this location . there is a reason why this place is so busy . great service , great food , friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last thursday i was shopping at the mall and decided to take a break and get something to drink . i walked up to the register and the cashier , who had a very sour expression , never acknowledged me . i placed my order and she rang it up and got my drink for me without saying a word . she rudely shoved my drink at me . it was the strangest experience . i 'm going to think twice before i go to this store again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a surprise 50th for my husband pedaling through the strip with stops at siena mercato 's rooftop for lovely views then on to market square for a few more stops . our driver , brian , was great & added to our fun ! we had an awesome music playlist while we pedaled & sang . i would recommend this experience to anyone who would love to see our city & have a blast while doing so ! a must do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for a bachelorette party , great experience ! ! 14 girls and the only part we had trouble with was going over the bridge , that is a little hard ! ! but highly recommend for a bachelorette party or other fun event like a birthday with a big group of people . our driver was will , he was awesome ! ! note there are two seats without pedals ( over top of the wheels ) and then the back bench has no pedals either if you want to try and get a seat without a pedal and just cruise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was sooooo much fun ! our extended family of ten had a blast - 6 adults and four teenagers . kevin was a great guide . definitely bring your favorite playlist and hook into their sound system . i 'd definitely do this again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , the best way to spend an afternoon with friends . great company to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great time celebrating a friends 31st birthday party while pedaling through pittsburgh ! our guide was great but assertive and made sure that none of our friends who may or may not have consumed a little bit too much alcohol stayed onboard . pedaling was easy and fun . our guide was in constant contact with our host in the morning while we all battled the north shore traffic to find the location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i regret big time for moving in here . wish there is an option for negative review . horrible management and they dont care for the residents at all . most of the appliances like dish washer , washer dryer etc . doesnt work at all ... poor quality . kitchen doesnt have proper vent to throw the cooking smoke away so be aware if you are frying fish or veggies ... your whole house would be filled with smoke n u cant beathe even ! ! ! ! if u complain they say ... thats how our kitchens are designed . pathetic ... i am stuck as i took 13 month lease and they have huge lease breakage fees . pls dont even think of moving here ... the only thing is spacious but with such poor quality of appliances..space doesnt make any difference . pls dont consider this pathetic low quality place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the rent will be raised every year , so you 'll be paying a little more than 5 % additional each year . while i 'd agree with this if the other units were priced accordingly , the empty units are advertised more than 10 % cheaper than our current rent . so , for someone that has been early with rent payment for years , you 'll be rewarded with a higher rent than those who may be just moving in .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "living at big creek apartments was a nightmare for us . staff and leasing agents are truly unprofessional and ill-mannered . even the staff of the real state parent holder ; goldberg companies who you may have to deal with when your break your lease ; is rude and incompetent . i totally disagree on the good aspects of living here . however , i strongly agree with all the bad reviews on this apartment complex . there are even three hidden negative reviews down towards the end of the review list where you can read more . i honestly do n't recommend at all renting or leasing at this apartment complex . you pay premium for rent and taxes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "set up an appt time to look at the apartments for my sister . the staff was so rude and unprofessional it was not hard to make up my mind..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "started looking at a unit . was told the price was higher than the advertised price . was contacted later with a move in special . viewed another unit placed our deposit . was told 15 days before move in that our unit would n't be available until august . we were moving there for the specific unit we put the deposit down on . weekend staff have been no help in trying to come to a resolution and they have no resources if something needs to be resolved . we were given the impression that we wo n't be getting our security deposit back if we no longer wish to rent one of their units . we were never able to deal with one person so no one new what was going on . the weekend staff needs more support when issues come up . some of us work during the week and are n't able to take care of things during normal business hours on weekdays . why have weekend hours if they are n't going to do anything for you ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hope you do n't accidentally leave your keys in the building because they will charge you 25 dollars to your already over priced rent just to open the door for you", "score": "1"}
{"review": "office staff are very rude and wo n't even acknowledge your presence when you are standing right in front of them . when i moved in , there were very nice office staff , i do n't know what happened to them , but now a year later , i wish i did n't renew my lease . i hate sharing a garage space ( have had people block my spot so i could n't get in or out ) , but at least you get one . so i 'm giving 2 stars instead of just one because i think it 's a decent priced apartment for everything you get .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "staff are clueless , management the same please do n't live here . property is dirty people do n't care no one follows the guidelines .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "apartment is good with free parking garage and gym and spacious rooms.. problem there is with the leasing staffs ... the response is nearly zero..you will have to follow up 5 times for a work to be done..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is purely based on the restaurant inside of the hotel . with that being said , i was quite a fan of the restaurant . the area is clean , modern and has an open concept that makes it fun for larger crowds and gatherings . moreover , our service was great ! my party 's waitress was anna j. , and she was kind and attentive . my party ordered the nachos and pretzel bites for our appetizers and i was quite pleased . ( if you are a student at gcu , the restaurant takes dining dollars ! ) finally , the only reason i did not give this restaurant a 5-star review was given that it 's in the developmental stage . however , in do time , this restaurant will be a true gem in the west valley .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here when i was taking a tour of the campus and i was thoroughly impressed ! from the modern style to the very polite staff ( gcu hospitality students ) the room was clean and up to date with great amenities . beds were soft and comfortable and the bathrooms were clean and new . the rooms have great air conditioners which is essential for the az heat . after enjoying the room , the pool area is a must ! it truly feels like a desert oasis . with a fire pit , jacuzzi , artificial grass , and quite a few cabanas this place feels like a hidden paradise . the canyon 49 grill was pretty awesome . i had the canyon burrito for breakfast and it was made to perfection . would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great rate with top of the line amenities . plus it 's in a optimal location to the university for functions and events .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rooms were clean and modern . staff is great and attentive . pool area was fun and better than expected . restaurant had good food . great place to stay when visiting gcu college", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do not tell you upon check in of the hold they will place on ypur debit card . i found this out only after checking out . when i was checking , my account online i noticed two pending amounts for one night nice pool , beds could use updating . nice continental breakfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a wanna-be hotel . outrageous . i arrived at 3:30 pm and had to wait 2-hrs for a room . never in all my travels , even to 3d world countries , have i had to wait that long . the customer service guy lied to me , saying it would be a 30-min wait . he knew how long it would be . the manager 's apology was not credible . it took him 5-min to come out of his office to even address me . had my wife and i known it was going to take 2-hrs we would have found another accommodation . to top it off , one non-decaf keurig cup and no creme . first & last time . i will never stay there again . tmk", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , nice looking hotel and nice room . gcu hotel is family friendly at an affordable price . the kids were excited as soon as we walked in the room . they also really enjoyed the pool . great job ! we will definitely be staying here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impressive for the price ! we needed a place to stay for one night after arriving at pheonix airport and were pleasantly surprised by our stay at the university . the motel has been recently renovated so it feels very clean and comfortable . the pool and hot tub are outstanding along with the outdoor poolside area . friendly helpful staff and safe secure parking . the only downfalls - the location is nothing special , and the rooms are a bit loud , i could hear the neighboring freeway and occasionally other visitors . however i still give it 5 stars because i did a lot of research and could not find a hotel close to the price with this kind of quality and service ! kids love the pool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the rooms are your ordinary average rooms , but clean ! the pool are is crazy amazing . the customer service is absolutely impeccable , which is most important to me ! the hotel is across the street from the college , so that 's a plus . the food is good and they have a gift shop with all kinds a gcu goodies ! i love it , my friends love it , and i know you will too , ... .check it out ! # gculopes # lopecountry # imafan", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the front desk people could n't be nicer . everyone here has been great . our son goes to gcu so it is so convenient to use . if you are visiting the area it is easily the best place to stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so the place is under construction ( feb 2016 ) and currently in a sketchy neighborhood ( but with redevelopment everywhere , this will surely be a short-lived situation ) but security was tight but extremely polite . we felt safe and secure leaving our car in the parking lot . what left a lasting impression was the people and the hospitality . gcu students work there and obviously have great pride in their school . prices were extremely reasonable ( i 'm sure they considered the construction and compensated accordingly ) . the place is clean and well kept . we chose to bring our medium sized dog last minute and they accomodated us easily and with no red tape . they allowed early check-in and late check-out . we have no ties with gcu so this is not a biased review . we had a wonderful and friendly stay there . we would stay there again in a heartbeat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location if you need to attend any event at gcu . staff is friendly and helpful . this is why i gave it 4 stars . the room was average and the ground are ok . there is a nice walking track right outside of the hotel . canyon 49 restaurant and coffee bar are a nice convenience with fair pricing and good quality i will address this in another review in greater detail . there property is secure with guarded access . if you do n't like a firm mattress you will not like these .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some positives and negatives . positive - location in relation to gcu . negative - doors to outside , less safe feeling ( especially when traveling with young college athletes ) , no hair dryers in room , no water between 10 am to 5 pm during construction . shower in our room was definitely a little sketchy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pros : beautiful pool and games . shuttle to the hotel . people cut off after three drinks , so it 's not a drunken party . quiet at night even if you 're poolside . well priced room . courteous staff . clean nice room . cons : slow dining service . need refrigerators in rooms . continental breakfast was small and lacking . coffee not great . dining staff needs more training .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i also had some positives and negatives . more positive then negatives . positives . the rooms were nice and clean . my family and i stayed two nights . there is a mini fridge and extra sink . breakfast was nice . pretty much your average breakfast , but it tasted fresh compared to most . the staff was very nice ! i think i got told good morning about 3 times : ) . they even gave us a discount on one of our rooms ( we had two ) . negatives . the water would barely come out of the bathroom sink faucet . the water pressure in the shower was still good though . when you google this hotel a nice photo of a pool comes up , but the pool is n't done yet . it was pretty mis leading ( i do n't know if this is their fault though , it was on another website ) . the pool was just something we were looking forward to . due to construction we lost electricity for 30min with out warning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "paint party night is a super fun , affordable night out doing something creative and different for a girls night out or a date night . heather , the primary instructor is a skilled fine artist and an art teacher so it 's more than drinking wine and splashing around on a canvas ... you actually finish the night with real art , regardless of talent . i ca n't say enough about how much fun i 've had participating in three different parties . one included my 10 year old daughter . great idea for her next birthday party ! thanks , paint party night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a definite 5 stars ! ! ! heather the owner and instructor is such an amazing sweet lady ! ! complimentary drinks are available and snacks too , but do n't forget to bring some cash to put in the tip jar , if you want the snacks , just to be nice : ) heather is very talented and a great teacher . she even lets you bring your own alcohol and food while you paint . i know other paint places do n't allow that . so heather is very lenient . i will definetly come back for another paint session .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much fun ! ! heather is a fantastic instructor who is very patient and professional . i 'm so glad my best friend and i were able to enjoy this event together . it 's also interesting to see everyone 's different approaches to and outcomes of the paintings . i would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a fun , yet relaxing event . this was my first paint party and i ca n't wait to go again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the venues she hosts these things at are really nice ! mine was at old school brewing company and their lime and coconut fried rice is sooooo amazing ! i brought my friend and we had a blast ! we painted the fuji mountains and they turned out beautifully thanks to the guidance and instruction . i love how she has a royalty program punch card . this is a cool gift idea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time to something like this and i got to say it was so much fun and heather was great , she took her time with us and gave us suggestions , especially when i splattered white all over my painting and it looked ridiculous , i was able to save it somewhat lol . ca n't wait to book again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the most fun whether you paint at the studio or venue . heather is the owner teacher and she cares so much about having a great time she makes you feel like your in the right place , she teache with patience no rush plus she teaches in a way that is fun so you get to really enjoy and appreciate your work . i go as often as i can because its so pleasant . she plays music in the back ground so you relax ... ..and her goal is to make sure you have the best time ... ... i look so forward when i attend a class . i have one coming up sept 1st i cant wait ... ... ... there are other in town but i would certainly try he style i just highly recommend heather take a class", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time at this place , ca n't wait to go again ! ! heather was super friendly and helpful and guided our group through the painting and they all came out great ! the very best thing about this studio is that you can byob ! ! ! how great is that ! we brought our own beer and wine and snacks which is pretty great considering the other studios do n't allow you to bring your own , they require you to buy theirs . i am looking at the calendar right now to book another date ! highly recommend , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tons of fun ! heather is wonderful and lead a great class . my fianc\u00e9 and i have done a few paint nights before with other places and this was our favorite . it was nice to be able to order food as well as drinks while we painted . we will be going again soon . we are looking forward to one of the couples paintings . thanks for a great evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone has to try this at least once . i was nervous about doing it because i have never been artistic . never painted on an easel - only color by numbers in kindergarten and i was n't that great ! i have to say it was a wonderful fun experience . heather our teacher and guide was so accommodating and encouraging even when i had a paint boo boo ! i learned you can fix anything ! i attended the sunflowers painting session and plan to attend others in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather is great ! you definitely do n't need to be an artist to attend her parties . she takes you through the painting , step by step , and you end up with a gorgeous piece at the end . another plus is that heather is an actual artist and can help you fix mistakes you may make and she creates her own paintings so you have your own unique creation at the end . they are great for a girls ' night out or with your honey . my husband and i currently have two elephants hanging on our wall with their trunks shaped into one heart , very cute !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so fun , heather , the instructor , is great ! go with a few friends and drink wine while you paint . easy to follow heathers instructions and create your very own master piece ! i plan on going again and maybe even doing a group party for my birthday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't paint to save my life ! heather was a great descriptive teacher . easy to follow and fun to listen to . i 'll be coming back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your looking for a fun night this would be the place to visit . as a first timer my experience was just as i pictured it heather is awesome fun and the whole staff was very entertaining.this group has taken painting to a whole new level . thanks for showing us a great time . i will be booking with them again for a romantic paint and drink session . sequoia", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great time . heather , the instructor was good at giving instruction , i felt confident that my painting would look great despite being nervous in the beginning . i will definitely be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eating in is a decent experience , but for delivery , i have yet to meet their match . when i order delivery i always get a 16 '' chicken pizza with alfredo sauce on top , and for the last 6 years i have received it in 30 minutes or less all but 2 times . its always tasty , fresh , and is my preeminent food for delivery , ever , period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge pizza fanatic , but this location was my go to on pizza nights . i was sad to drive by and see they were replaced by a sub shop ! : - (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always greeted with a warm smile , no matter who 's hosting that day . i like street 's consistent menu , no matter which location i choose , and i really enjoy their pizza ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the pizza and its ok for something quick . they do have pretty good lunch specials and the service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice staff . but im extremely disappointed with the services that i received , the first time i went in i got idb gel with the gel polish and i 'm not sure if was their gel but it is absolutely terrible . went back and got my nails fixed and they 're still mediocre . not to mention that there gel polish colors are n't even accurate totally different color on gel nails .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is conveniently located , and beautiful with a relaxing atmosphere . the front desk is friendly and helpful . i have patronized mirage pedi spa twice now . the first time was a good experience for me . the second visit i was very disappointed i checked in at 6pm and was told that it will be a 30 minute wait . after waiting 50 min i was told that i had to come back the next day because they close at 7pm . most nail salons close at 7pm in this area and now i am expected to find another place in 10 minutes and hopes that will service me . i express my disappointment to the receptions and they agree to service me if i wanted to continue to wait . after an hour and half they took someone else over me and i left without my pedicure . i will never recommend this place to anyone until they advance their customer service skills .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time going here . new management is rude and does n't appreciate repeat clients . on to the next ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place , me & my grandma come here all the time for the pearl pedicure and it feels amazing ! my grandma has tough feet too but they do anything they can to make her feet look beautiful ! very nice people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here today because i finally decided to treat myself to a pedicure and try a new spot . i had received something in the mail for a deal on a spa pedicure . i did not expect to walk into what i did . this is not your normal nail salon . everything from the scenery to the sound was just awesome ! best part ? they offer complimentary cocktails too ! ! hugh , the owner , did my pedicure . he was engaging without feeling out on . the chair itself was the best that i have ever had . i can not go on enough about this place . i will never go anywhere else . the only downfall is that they were n't busy . they need to be . spread the word and try this place out . ask for hugh ! ! i was amazed the entire time i was there . it was like being on vacation for an hour . i ca n't wait to go back ! thanks , hugh ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "under new management . i did n't receive the same welcoming service . i feel like the lady that treated my feet was so tired and pissed off . i wish she was pissed at my feet and cleaned the crap out of it . maybe cause it 's an hour before closing . but still . starbucks or redbull would 've helped her in performing her job better ... the other employee did a way better job and service with my 10 yr old daughter .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is very clean , the people are friendly and engaging , and the finished product is one of the best in vegas . i also like that the shop is open late , which makes it easy to go after work . they have enough employees where you can typically get a mani pedi simultaneously .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mirage pedi spa has only been open a couple of weeks and they already have heavy traffic . for good reason - this place is wonderful ! ! i would most certainly recommend making an appointment . i only had a pedi today and even though they were super busy i never felt rushed nor that they were rushing on my feet . i will certainly be coming back for more pampering in the future ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and amy works wonders on my feet and hands ... perfect every time ! ! the spa has a nice atmosphere and i 'm always treated great on the phone and on person ... so accommodating ! i love chatting with amy : ) i her attention to detail and recommendations are supberb . i ca n't wait to get my next pedicure soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so incredibly dissatisfied with this salon ! i went in last sunday for a gel mani and my nails look terrible . i paid an extra $ 5 for specialty gel on 2 fingers and an extra $ 5 for a french on the other 8 nails . not only is the french sloppy and uneven , but the `` specialty '' gel fell off in less than a week ! ! the tech seemed rushed and did n't buff or file after applying the gel so all my nails are bumpy . terrible quality for all the extra charges . the salon was pretty and clean but i definitely will not be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place gave me the worst infection i 've ever seen on my big toe , i literally had to take medicine and have a podiatrist cut off skin around my nail to save it . pretty atmosphere , but their customer service is awful and apparently so is their product . i will never go there again . and , let me not forget to mention that the massage and the polishing was rushed . it made me feel un-comfortable . i would 've added a photo , but it was so disgusting and embarrassing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place about three times now and i love it ! the atmosphere is amazing , steven has always been the one to do my nails and he always does a good job ! love it , definitely recommend it ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to my pedi spa for months . by far , the best nail tech there is liz - she 's awesome ! ! ! she can do any type of design , which my daughter loves . she is always very careful and meticulous . i would recommend going to this place , but you should book with liz ! the old owner , hugh , also did a great job , but he is no longer there since the place was sold around feb march 2014 . the salon is clean , comfortable and they have extended hours . update : stay away from this place ! liz is gone . the new owners ran this place into the ground . they are greedy , demeaning to the staff , and cut corners on quality and cleanliness . whatever you do , go somewhere else ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in for a standard pedicure and a princess pedicure ( children 's pedi ) . they have the cutest little kids pedi spa chairs ! standard spa pedi $ 25 if you get the deluxe it comes with a complimentary alcohol beverage and kids pedi $ 20 . clean and very mod ! the ladies were nice but not personable , my girl did n't talk to me whatsoever just did n't make me feel welcome that 's why i 'm giving them three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very clean , staff is nice , with the different types of pedi it 's definitely something for everyone ! ! ! i think i just found my new place ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i saw this nail salon on yelp and knew automatically it would be my new nail spot . as soon as i walked in i was greater by everyone and was sat immediately . they offered me water or a cocktail . the lady that did my pedicure was amazing she made sure that she did everything right and even went over each step to make sure , she definitely made me feel like i got my monies worth . i will be definitely coming back to this salon . they also offer 10 % off mon-thurs - code `` summer sale '' and 15 % off yelp check ins on mon-thurs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is nothing like i have scene before . very relaxing and modern . they can accommodate large parties . and they even have small chairs for little girls that are pink !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst pedi . if your gon na call your place a pedi spa , please give a good pedi . the guy i got was slow ( usually a good thing with pedis ) passed the clippers over the cuticle with no actual cutting , awful crooked and round shaped nails . then waited for the manager to come fix but there wasnt much he could do at this point but finish . so as im drying he asks if i can pay so they can close and adds wish we could have done a better job for you . ? ? ? well how about you offer a proper pedi at a later date or some sort of discount . nothing . well thats what they will get from me too . nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always come here - i 'm not big on writing reviews but they definitely have impressed me again ! i 'm always happy with my nails feet here . today i went in for a gel manicure & left loving my results as always . 2 hours later i broke a nail ! i went back in fully intending to pay to get my nail fixed & they fixed me up good as new for no charge ! thank you so much ! ! my nails look good as new , i 'll be seeing you all again in 2 weeks as always !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my first time here . very great service , jessica was amazing , very fun to talk to and she 's amazing with the foot massage . i will definitely come back and see her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here today for a pedi expecting something ordinary but this place is extraordinary ! i got the chamomile pedi from vincent and he 's nothing short of amazing ! the massage i got was hands down the best i 've gotten with a pedi ! this place is clean , the staff is friendly and its modern . there 's a calming waterfall in the middle that great to lay your had back and listen to . the pedi i got was $ 50 but worth every penny . i will surely come back here soon ! they also have a kids section which my 6 year old daughter will love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from california and i go to this great place and i 've been in vegas for a while and have n't been able to find the perfect spa for me until i found this place . you have to see brian ; he 's amazing ! i got the pedicure and fell asleep ! definitely recommend this place . you definitely get what you pay for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 1st time here and i love it ! they take their time on you ... .no rushing even if its busy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw amy today and had an awesome pedi ! ! ! love this place and will return always . next i will be my hubby !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful relaxing experience . had the me spa pedicure and a manicure . jessica was awesome . this is the place for a mani pedi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! very upscale and relaxing . i love that they have natural product to choose from . the staff here are very sweet and does an amazing job ! i will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to really like this salon now i will never go back . they are under new management and the guy at the front is rude . they do try and con you to pay for a liner and are not up front about it.like the other one star reviews says the one dollar would not have made the difference if he was honest about it it was the fact he was being deceiving that i did not like . the nail tech also tore my big toenail and try to charge me for gel paint saying that it was better for the broken toe . she should have offered it for free since she tore it ! two days later my nail polish has chipped ! what a waste of money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i feel so relaxed . after coming home from work , my feet is very tired . so i walkin today for a deluxe pedicure with extra massage . it comes with a hawaiian lei flavor . it smells divine . it has sugar scrub , cooling mask , hot towel and 20 mins massage . after the pedicure my feet feels lighter . they really take their time and made sure you feel very satisfied . the receptionist offered me coffee and changed the music for me so i could feel more comfortable . massage chair is excellent . i think i could come here for a nap while they do my pedicure . i feel so at home . if you want to just relax and rejuvenate ... youll definitely should go here . very friendly and attentive staff . the place is very clean and organize . id definitely come back again . excellent ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to this salon since it opened now it is under new ownership and it is all totally different i always feel like i am being ignored by the new owner i feel very uncomfortable i went the other day and i think that will be my last day everybody that used to work there is now gone when you go to get your nails done it should be a comfortable feeling he always makes me feel bad that i ca n't get my nails done as much as i should because i just ca n't financially afford to get them done as often as i should and i tell him that and he makes me feel bad not professional", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . cindy samy had to do surgery on my severe ingrown big toe nail . it did not even hurt . she was an expert . thank you so much ! i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to get our nails done before my friend wedding . it was nice , the message chairs were the best ! it 's a little dark inside so it was hard to see the true nail polish colors but i loved mine anyway ! i got a delux pedi ( i think ) it was all individual packets with sugar scrub , lotions ina chamomile scent and it came with a heel treatment lotion to take home . it 's pretty pricy but everything was very good ! i had a young gentleman do my pedi and the message felt amazing . i had an older gentlemen help me take off my breaking set and put a fresh on on and they came out awesome- it was clearly a perfectionist and fixed things i did n't even notice or care about . my nails were also pretty sensitive from removing the set and he did it gently", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely worth the few extra bucks for an hour long pedicure ! please is nice and clean . the music is good ! the waterfall made me feel relaxed : ) i forget the ladies name who gave me my pedi but she was awesome ... i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are good in nails but horrible with lashes . omg i got it done , here and went to my regular eye lash lady she said it was the worse she ever seen . took 3 hours to remove the bulbs of glue from inside the eyelid . it ruined my growth of my lashes and had to take months off because of the damage . it was mentioned to me if i did n't get them professionally removed could have suffered retina damage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never in my life gotten my nails so poorly done . i went in 5 days ago to get a fill . i asked to flatten the top of my nail because it was lumpy and noticeably `` fake '' looking . so he did what i asked and my nails broke . not just once , but 4 times after it has n't even been a week . sorry but nails should n't break from closing the refrigerator or helping your son put on his shoes . my first visit was because i had a mother 's day gift card , thought i 'd go since it was a gift and return because the prices were low compared to my usual nail tech . i 'm telling you from experience , if you want to get a beautiful set of nails , pay the extra 15-20 and go to elaine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently just moved here from hawaii , & i 've been looking for a nail salon near my new home . i found this nail salon on yelp & gave it a try , since they had very good reviews . & what do you know , they have such an awesome atmosphere ! so clean & out , & everyone is so friendly and my massage felt oh so good ! this will not be my last time here , i finally found my new go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my nails look nice love it five star service two people helped me to make sure i got what i needed good priced and great product store is clean and smells nice they even have little chairs for kids that look like butterfly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a hot stone pedi with kelly . just the right mix of gentle pressure and soothing treatment . this place makes you feel like royalty . the 80s music was a plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great way to end my day . amazing service by ly , ask for her when making an appointment you will not regret it ... ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst manicure and pedicure ever ! i told the man that was doing the manicure he was hurting me he ignored me.he forgot to file one hand i told him he forgot he said i just missed one finger . it 's too bad because it 's a very nice place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most attentive basic pedicure i 've ever had ! best massage chairs ever , they massage from the crown of your head to your bottom : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "daughter and wife to be are getting a pedicure here . wife says it 's awesome and daughter is stoked . people are friendly , environment is great and clean ! i recommend this place of you want your girl to be happy and in return you will be happy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my girlfriend and i for a pamper session where we both had a deluxe pedicure ! trish was super cute to talk to and did an amazing job to make my feet look and feel brand new again . amy took care of my friend and was so lovely and friendly to both of us . the salon is beautiful , clean and has a nice vibe . thank you xx", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for someone who has n't been waxed in over 4 years , i 'm excited i found this gem . cindy is absolutely wonderful , she was fast , made me completely comfortable and i enjoyed our conversations , while she handled my brazilian like a true professional . i love the ambiance of the spa , and everyone is extremely friendly . i signed up for the points program because i will definitely be coming back for all future waxing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have come here four times now and absolutely love this place . i always ask for vivina . she takes her time and is really detail oriented . the overall atmosphere of the salon is modern with water features to help you relax and dark lighting . they now serve you water , wine , jack and coke , captain and coke or vodka sprite with your pedicure . i usually just opt for the water but this could be nice for a girls trip for manis and pedis . as long as they keep the prices the way they are i will be a regular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! im always happy with the service i get here ! i like that theyre super fast too . they got all kinds of promotions , for every 200 points uou earn you get 15 $ off your service ! cant complain ! this place is just too good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just.. wow . from the moment i walked in the store , i was blown away . the first thing that you notice is the uniquely and modern design . it 's a cute , mini-escape from the world . more importantly , the customer service is top notch . everyone offered me water , made sure i was happy with the color and the quality of the nails , and made sure i was comfortable i with my overall experience . special thanks to ly , cindy , and nancy ! they made sure i knew that if i wanted to come late , they would be more than happy to accommodate me . now for the cons , because there 's no such thing as perfect . a week later , my gel polish started to chip on three of my nails . after two weeks , my nail itself started to chip , and i have pretty strong nails . probably wo n't be coming back here because at the end of the day , it comes down to the quality of the product . leaving my review with three stars because of the service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the owner steve knows exactly how customers want to be treated . cindy , vincent , ann , and dee all provide excellent service and wonderful treatment ! the salon is large and beautifully decorated with water falls and frosted dolphin mirrors . there are cute pedicure stations just for kids and 14 adult pedicure stations . the aloe , camomile , lavendar and pearl pedicure treatments must be tried , you deserve it ! ! ! you will never go back to your old salon once you 've tried my pedi spa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cindy is very nice and the way she does my nails were awesome ! some other nail salons hurt me and does not feel so good to get nails done but she filed them nicely and it was almost like a relaxing massage throughout the whole experience ! ! love it here ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "louis is my guy ! had a great mani pedi with him last week and i 'm back again today for another mani . he 's got serious skills and experience and the facility is nice , clean and open with a good vibe and comfy massage chairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love this salon . love the owners , the staff and the vibe of the entire place . it has this chic , eclectic feel and everyone is so friendly . i will gladly continue to drive all the way from green valley to get a pedicure and manicure . oh yeah , they are also really good , and reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the organic pedicure scrub and it was heavenly ! they were all so friendly and professional . i talked with my technician the whole time and had a really enjoyable experience ! their design for my toenails was absolutely awesome ! totally worth the price ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very spacious and very little wait time as they are usually well staffed . i love the ambiance and the massage chairs while getting the pedicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the salon is brand new and beautiful there are plenty of stations and spa chairs for pedis and even cute small pink chairs for kids . i came in for the 20 dollar pedi special . the people who work there are friendly . the pedi i got was average nothing amazing though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't come here if ur pressed for time ! ! they are absolutely amazing and very thorough with their services ! ! i 've been here many times and each time it 's been wonderful ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the shop itself is really nice and has a relaxing atmosphere . was extremely disappointed with my nails . the guy who did them was complaining about having to drill off 1 nail with stones and took almost two hours just for a fill . he put about 8 coats of gel and when he was finished my nails were round and lumpy . i did n't have time to wait to have them fixed but they told me i could return any day that week to have them fixed . i came two days later and another guy steven re-did them . much better ! overall the people were friendly and stood by their word so they made up for the bad experience the first time but i feel that as a licensed tech , the first guy should n't have messed up so badly causing me to be inconvenienced to have to return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! great staff , very peaceful atomsphere , and big bonus is that they have little girls chairs ! ! my daughter loves coming here for girl time ! ! ! cant wait for the next visit ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ; the ambiance , massage chairs , service , price ... . i 've found my new nail spa ! ! ! come before every chair is full- once word gets out , they will be ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a mani and pedi with hugh . love this place ! ! it 's always a relaxing and friendly environment . they take their time and do a great job . today i flew in with no appointment and only 45 min to get a gel mani and pedi . they were efficient with the time given an did an excellent job as always ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . steven does such an amazing job ! i love my nails and have gotten countless compliments on them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ownership asked me to come back in after my review and they have been nothing but excellent since . they always remember me and take me in as a late walk in whenever i need . for the look of the spa and service the price is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been looking for a salon in my area which is open late and can do a great job . i 'm pleasantly excited to say i 've found it . my pedi spa was beautifully decorated and trendy . tonight just so happened to be their first night with the late hours and it 's so what i needed . working 9-5 and still getting to a salon after dinner can be so difficult . i got a gel mani and spa pedi , jamie did my toes and nini , my nails . they worked on me at the same time and i was offered drinks . nini was so patient and careful , i really appreciate that in a gel mani ! jamie was great , personable and friendly . she took the time on my rough feet which had n't seen a pedicure in a couple months . i also chatted with steven for a while and he was very nice . i 'm very pleased with the price of my visit . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for several months . all the techs are good and my gel nails stay on forever with out ever snagging on my hair ! thanks again for a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! beautiful set up , great prices with kids pedi chairs perfect for little girls mommy days !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great mani pedi place ! everyone is so nice and helpful . beautiful setting , relaxing and fun ! love my nails : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here few times but today was pretty bad ..took a long time and staff was rude ! not to mentioned that we were waiting and they decided to skips us for someone else that got there way after us .. not coming back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely loved it ! clean , professional , friendly , beautifully decorated and a job well done . sometimes nail salons will slack on ya if all you 're getting is a `` basic mani . '' so when they see you do n't want any parts of the up sell they really go half a . well , that 's all i can get and chances are i 'm only gon na wear this polish for two three days or so . besides , i work with my hands and not everyone wants dragon nails so , take me as i am lol anywho , i will be back ! next time , it 'll be the full service . i thoroughly enjoyed this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is so cute and the staff is so nice . but i paid $ 100 for a gel mani and pedi and 2 days later my nails were chipping : ( now one week later i have had to cut them short and i 'm going to have to have them re-done . i usualy pay less at another place an they last longer . disapointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service ! amazing people ! it 's a very clean environment and the people are really nice . the guy i had did a great job on my pedi . he gave me a really great massage", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . we were told we would both be seen at the same time . after waiting around 15 minutes , we were told to go ahead and have a seat . someone would start with one of us , and shortly after someone else would start the other person . that never happened . i got my pedi done and when i was finished , they moved on to my wife . our pedicures lasted about 20 minutes . our guy kept pushing us to get a deluxe which was about $ 20 more expensive . got the basic pedicure for $ 25 . when we checked out we found out there 's an additional $ 1 charge for the plastic liners they use . will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great relaxing chair , very clean , great customer service . i loved my nails and my spa pedicure . prices are higher than it shows on the reviews , and the charge extra for tips and special designs , but worth the price . vincent did a great job on my gel nails .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here for a mommy and daughter pedicure for mothers day . walked right in with no wait ! ! ! my daughter is thrilled about the cute pink butterfly chair and changing color water . the staff is super nice and friendly . highly recommended , we will definitely be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cons : we made appts but got to one of us an hour later , the prices online are cheaper than they actually are in salon , pricy , little rough with pushing and cutting cuticles back a few times pros : clean , friendly , english speaking staff , organic spa ( no non-toxic nail polish though ) , nice facility they did a good job but the price thing needs to get updated online which is the main reason did n't get 5 star . wo n't be the `` best '' in vegas they strive to be unless they up the spa experience . only got offered water in styrofoam cup with no refill . i 've been to cheaper places that did good job while offering wine and juice . still had to give 4 star for service and ambiance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "since moving just around the corner this has become my go to place and it 's wonderful ! everyone is always friendly , the quality i have received has always been top notch , they give great messages . i 'm in there once a month , twice if i 'm lucky and they always remember who i am and give me prompt service . i 've had one problem with my gel mani and after respectfully approaching steven about my problem he graciously and quickly took care of my nails and fixed the issue . while people can talk all day about customer service sometimes you get what you give - i 've always been respectful and appreciative of all the tech 's at my pedi spa and they are happy to reciprocate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it place was very clean and cute and the job they did was very good as well . i got a gel mani pedi and i will be coming back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for a pedicure along with a variety of services . the staff is friendly and they make you feel very welcome . great hours of service available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and nice , nice people too ! got a pedicure and turned out great ! : ) will come back again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i chose this spa because my granddaughter wanted a mani and pedi and they have chairs for children . it has been a great experience ever since . my niece , my granddaughter and i now have standing 2 week appts . the atmosphere is so upbeat and fun . everyone is so friendly and have turned into family ! i am always getting compliments on my nails . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to like this place based on the reviews and the decor however did n't go in that direction . i 'm in town visiting my sister and needed to get a pedicure . the nail tech was really nice however he was so rough with removing my dead skin i started to bleed ! he put some solution or alcohol or something which then started to burn but stopped the bleeding . i now have a band aid on my big toe . the skin is now layered with a blood spot . i 'm praying no infection comes of this situation . on top of it all i was supposed to get 15 % because i found them on yelp and i did n't get that either . partially my fault because i did n't bring it up however my attention was now focused on my throbbing toe . the decor was really nice though and the receptionist was friendly . so much for pretty feet and a relaxing experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "luv this place jessica is amazing great customer service . you have to check this pleace out at least once . u will definitely enjoy it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my absolute favorite place to get my nails done ! ! the service is great , so many cute colors and my nails have never looked better ! ! i would suggest this place to everybody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , massage chairs , bottled water , 3 screens to watch a movie , nice music . nini is the absolute best ! she pays great attention to detail . i am super picky and her services are flawless . my gels are still perfect a month later ... . only grown out to look ghetto french lol . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "move to this location , and try this place for my pedi and mini , good service , will come back every next time for my nails !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place to relax ! everything from the trendy and eclectic decor , to the friendly and funny staff make a very pleasant experience . i even had my 2 year son here and the staff were so attentive to him , making sure to include him in the pedicure experience on his grandma 's lap while she got one too . he even fell asleep ! everyone was very warm and welcoming . the pedicures we received were excellent . even my husband was pleased and wants to get pedicures more often now ; ) we will definitely come here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean & friendly staff , will definitely be back ! great location & were able to get me in as a walk-in , happy with my pedi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredibly happy with my experience here . everyone is very friendly and accommodating ! they have a boatload of gel colors and polishes to choose from . i had tony as my technician for my gel pedicure . it was incredible , and hands down the best massage with pedicure i have ever received . they actually time them here so you get exactly what you pay for . i will most certainly be back for my future pedicures : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with such mixed reviews i was very hesitant to come but those butterflies won my daughter over so we thought why not . so , glad we came to see for ourselves . trish , rocks ! i have very damaged feet ( supermom who never pampers herself-last pedicure was a year or two ago ) to say the least . trish took on the challenge with a smile . all the ladies were nice , the business was clean , large polish selection , comfortable chair and good music . my feet look and feel soft and beautiful . get the nu-skin foot pedicure if your like me and do n't get regular pedicures . i will come back again , sooner than later as long as trish is working ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had a gel fill and gel pedi with jimmy yesterday . and i must say it was an absolutely wonderful experience ! this nail salon is one of the best i 've been to . they spared no expenses on amenities . i love how spacious it is . not like most nail salons where everyone is crammed in together . it 's easy to relax here ! and might i add they always have lemon water and hot green tea available . a super plus in my book !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was recommended to me by a friend . i gave them a call and they were able to squeeze me in for a last minute appointment as soon as they could . cindy was very attentive and did a great job on my full set . overall , the place was nice and welcoming and the workers were all very nice . will definitely come here again when i 'm in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! by far my favorite nail place in vegas . amazing service , beautiful salon , and such well mannered , helpful technicians . i got a full set and a pedi and it is great . hugh is my favorite person there . wonderful place ! clean and peaceful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place hands down ! ! ! ! ! ! they really took their time and made sure our feet were perfect . my boyfriend said he would fly to vegas once a month just to go there ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i truly loved the service and atmosphere at my pedi spa ! kay did a terrific job on my pedicure ! i will definitely be taking my little girls next time to sit in the adorable butterfly chairs ! cucumber water when you walk in was a great touch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this place 0 stars it would be the this nail shop charged me $ 45 for a gel fill did n't clean under nails nor complete fill correctly 2 nails were loose and 1 came off . i called company they said they would fix and when i showed up they declined fixing my nails even after i gave and $ 8.00 tip ... steven is very unprofessional and has the worst service i 've seen in 14 years of wearing acrylics . it 's not worth it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i loved this place to get my pedi done at , so i decided to get my nails done here as well . i was so excited when i saw that they offered hard gel and that 's what i wanted to get . as the lady started to do my nails she then explained to me that the gel color is n't included in the price for hard gel ( which is $ 50 ) it 's an extra $ 15 . that i found weird since most other shops include the gel color when you get hard gel . i told her to get paint them with regular nail polish ... that was a mistake . my nails looked awful ! ! not to mention the shape was bad.. i came back and had her removed the color and left with just clear nails . within a week they were already lifting . such a disappointment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great ! very friendly and their services are great . they are very attentive and the location is very relaxing . so glad i found this nail salon . i had steve do my nails and i love them . not thick at all and very easy to work with . this is a must try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "may is wonderful . she was very helpful with helping me select which pedicure would be best for my skin . they have tvs , music , and waterfalls to help you relax . absolutely love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had only gone here for pedicures previously , and they had been fine . on saturday , i got my first manicure here . by tuesday , the polish had peeled right off most of my nails . my mother came with me and her polish started peeling on sunday . we think they may be thinning the polish , if it 's peeling off just one day later . i think it 's time to move on to another salon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a great place . a little more pricey than your average nail salon but so worth it . the waterfall sound is such a nice touch when you close your eyes to enjoy your pedi will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spa is very nice and clean . liners are used and the ambiance is very relaxing . their massage chairs are a plus as they even massage your glutes . the pedicure was nice , kind of fast but relaxing . my nail technician was very efficient and cleaned up my toes nicely . she even paid attention to wear my calluses build up and was sure to smooth them out . after a long night of dancing and wearing high heels , this was the perfect remedy for sore feet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely found my new nail place ! i 've been bouncing around the last couple of times i 've had my nails done ... i ca n't seem to find someone who really put enough effort into my acrylics & my pedicures ... lumpy bumpy and uneven acrylic.. half ass pedis & foot massages ... but i came to my pedi spa today because it was a mile away from my house ... and let me tell you i 'll be back ! best foot massage i 've had in a very long time ! the back massage chairs are top of the line . very clean spa.. tons of colors to choose from.. and the staff is so nice . my nails look awesome ! my feet feel & look amazing . they do n't rush at all.. they take their time.. nice selection of different pedis ... and they ever serve cocktails.. give this place a try ... you wo n't be disappointed.. ( jimmy is wonderful ) ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super late but better than never . so an update from my last experience , i took them up on their offer to fix my nails ... the only thing that bothered me was i went in to get my `` redo '' they were super nice , the lady that fixed my nails was really nice . but told me that i needed to get a fill ? ! and i agreed because it was already at that point when you need a fill , but it had n't even been a week yet and i already needed one . do n't get me wrong she did an amazing job redoing my nails , but still charged me since i needed a fill . i appreciated that anthony reached out to me about my bad review . but i still paid for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best pedicure of my life ! get the aloe vera pedicure you will love it . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "susan was my nail technician & she did a very nice job . gentle , polite , & detail orientated . my gel mani & french tips pedi was $ 65 . i like the atmosphere , it 's quiet , relaxing , & i like the multiple tv 's with different shows playing . my experience was great overall , but the checkout process could have been better . one of the ladies at the front flustered with the computer system & the phones , & the other girl at the counter seemed frustrated with her . i 'm willing to go back again if the prices stay reasonable like this !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had the best pedi from jamie ! ! amazing ! ! ! money well spent ! ! amazing pink and white with cindy too ! ! happy dance ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nails were awesome was there for a long time . job is good . artwork was good . nails nicely done . wait time very long .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything was fantastic and very accommodating for my children . i will be coming back on a regular basis", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after stopping into several nail salons to get my mani and pedi done only to be turned away abruptly , i stumbled into my pedi spa . what a find ! serenity as i stepped into the door , services started almost immediately . jamie was so kind and professional . the products they use are fantastic . the jelly pedi was phenomenal . i felt like i was walking on air . a great experience and looking forward to returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it here . very clean , nice atmosphere and good energy . got a mani and pedi from diana . she does a great job and i enjoyed talking with her : ) the receptionist is super sweet and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i opted for the aloe jelli pedis & it was amazing ! the initial texture was a bit different ( hence the name ) but very soothing . being that we are constantly on our feet during our 6 day work week the hot stone massage towards the end was perfect ! we love the service & will definitely be back to try the lavender flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place i will go for my pedicures . my favorite technician is tony but everyone is wonderful here . i 've taken my mom , sister and daughter here and they all agree , this is our new spot . incredible service and you are n't being gouged for extras . liz gave my daughter her pedicure and was so sweet and now her feet look beautiful . i 'm officially a regular , which is good as they now offer a rewards program .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the pedicures here with hot stone and 10 minute massage , took the wife and daughter here and the have kids pedi chairs as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my daughter and my first visit to my pedi spa ! their butterfly kids pedi spa was super cute . by far the best and easiest place i 've received a pedicure from before . the atmosphere was very nice and calming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent nail spa , been here before and the service is consistently top notch . very clean and they really take their time with the foot massage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our family used to go the the dentalville that was in this suite . my daughter and i were in need of a `` girl day '' , so i said lets get pedis and see how they remodeled the space . much to our surprise , the facility and the service we both recieved was amazing ! i know where we will be going from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and the place is very nicely designed with pretty lights . my technician was steven le and he did an amazing job on my nails . i 'm new to vegas and have been trying to find the right nail salon . i 'll defiantly be back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a pedicure here due to not being able to get to my normal nail place that day . nothing was wrong with the pedicure itself but the women doing it was completely distracted , kept chit chatting ( in a different language which is never nice ) with her coworker the entire time and overall did n't seem to care too much about what she was doing . i 've had better ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kelly is seriously the best ! i never use to get any fancy pedicures because whenever i did it was rushed and just not worth it . kelly does such a great job with the pearl pedicure so i get that everytime now . thanks kelly ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! will come back again ! clean and nice atmosphere . my nail ladies were very kind and personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "inside of this spa is so nice and relaxing i love the water fall . staff is nice . they have many colors to choose from . the place is very clean . the spa chairs are super nice . the atm machine is very is nice too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been looking for a very long time to find an excellent salon for pedicures and have found it . the salon is very clean . the attention to details in the decor is a pleasure to see . amy and cindy are great techs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . very spacious and lots of pedicures to choose from . it was my daughters 6th birthday and she loved the kids pedicure chair . i also got a pedicure and he did a great job ! i will definitely come back in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my first time here and i had amazing experience ! relaxing and pretty fast . people very friendly and do great job . i 'm gon na come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful and friendly staff . they have really pretty butterfly chairs for the little girls to get a pedicure ! very clean and nice atmosphere . will definitely be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time coming in to this particular nail shop and i really enjoyed the service . amazing pedicure and full set : ) thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is very friendly , cleanest place and equipment , and they have the largest selection of colors i 've seen . they have a point system which is great and chris , one of the nail techs , is an absolute perfectionist . my nails have never looked better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are a clean facility , and do a great job but not a huge fan of the price . i feel like they 're on the higher end of the spectrum , but they 're also a higher end salon , offering services for children with special chairs and such .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . so relaxing and everybody here is so friendly . i got a pedi and my eyebrows done and they did an exceptional job . i will definitely come back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is always excellent here ! the owners , steven , cindy , and anthony are just marvelous ! cindy always does my nails ( because she knows that i love my nails short and gel please ) -- and tony always gives the best pedicure ! i 'm so spoiled by their incredible service and quality work that yes , it 's worth the 30 minutes drive from henderson to fort apache to get my nails done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and i 'm always pleased . the decor is def perfect for vegas . also they have really cute butterfly pedicure chairs for kids and my girls love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had the most beautiful set of gel nails done by cindy ! have n't had a set of gel nails done in over 5years and am beyond ecstatic for them . the service was excellent and the salon is very hip , clean , and gorgeous inside ! i would def recommend coming here and will be making this my salon moving forward . thanks again ! xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you so much cindy ! it 's always tough taking off freshly done acrylic nails but she did it quick and easy and gave me a nice natural gel manicure..love the color", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second time here , my daughter and i went . still great ! friendly , affordable , and so relaxing . fast and efficient staff . we both got the $ 45 special which includes a bunch of nice extras . i felt really good afterwards . my toes are really pretty . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice salon . friendly technician . little expensive for gel manicure . i could get it done for less from other nail spa 2 minutes from there . ( not inside walmart ) so i just got reg mani done instead of gel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had an amazing experience . just moved to the area and i got a gel manicure with ly . she is amazing and very friendly . stephen also was great and helped me in the beginning i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to come in because they were open late and my usual place was closed . the salon design and ambiance is really nice . the customer service is very accommodating and friendly . they offer you water etc . got a fill and a gel pedicure here . i ended up having to come back to fix one nail and they fixed it for me no problem . the lady who did my pedicure ( kaitlyn ) spent about an hour on my feet and she was very meticulous . everything came out looking perfect thanks to her . my fill was a little mediocre . there were a lot of imperfections . the acrylic was n't smooth on some nails and lots of the nails came out inconsistent lengths and thickness . the tech did fix everything i asked but there were more things i wanted fixed . my nails look very pretty but the perfectionist in me keeps seeing these minor flaws that my usual lady does n't have .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here ever since they opened . very friendly staff that provides a relaxing experience . have never had any problems and my pedicures are always perfect . this is also a great place to get your eyebrows waxed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in to make an appointment for the next day because i saw the $ 20 spa pedicure sign out front . immediately after entering , i was impressed with the salon . darkened , with sounds of water , quiet and relaxing , and great ventilation so that the smell is almost non existent ! the employees were very professional and i had the pleasure of meeting diana , who gave me a gel mani pedi for $ 75 . my callused feet are so smooth now and my nails look great ! i really enjoyed their fancy massage chairs and , again , their high quality equipment and nail polish selection . just walk in to take a look . you 'll like what you see . + great for large groups + no smell that makes you nauseous + sufficiently staffed so you wo n't have to wait + walk ins welcomed but appointments are appreciated + they do not use the same tools on different people . each person gets a tray of tools , like at the dentist ! yay for no fungal infections ! overall , a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this nail salon ! great customer service and excellent work . will definitely keep coming back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at a nail salon in las vegas and i absolutely loved this place ! cindy did my mani and pedi and she did an amazing job she was patient and made it simple . we also did a pedi and mani for our 3 year old and they were awesome ! the lady took her time and was patient with her and she loved iy . definitely our new salon ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit . the place is clean i do like the basin liners for cleanliness . the pedi chairs are comfy and the massage is strong which i like . the staff is attentive but quiet . i do like the decor although a bit busy for the ears . there are tvs on , music playing , a waterfall and disco balls . a bit much for the senses but ok overall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best nail salon i 've ever gone to ! huge nail place , very clean & modern . great work & customer service . i 'll def start coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best spa experience in vegas . just had a mani pedi and eyebrow and the ambiance and service are wonderful . the staff are pleasant and talented . the amenities are unmatched and you really need to try it for a relaxing escape . movies and waterfalls and beverages to enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a hot stone pedi , gel manicure , and eye brow wax . all services were done exceptionally well and in a timely manner . i will be back again for my services ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place itself is beautiful , the service i received was way below standard . my nails look like my seven year old did them . even people at the salon said they ca n't believe i left and actually paid for the disaster on my hands . everyone i show my nails to just shake their heads in disbelief . the problem is my nails needed another coat or two . they are very uneven in coloring . it was such a disappointment especially after hearing the $ 45 due in which the technician made sure to add $ 10 for it being glitter . i will say the person who did my daughters nails did a way better job . she even got a pedicure in the kid sized chair and loved every moment of it . it was her birthday so instead of making a scene , i left so she could enjoy the rest of her day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this spa is very clean and the staff is very friendly ! ly is wonderful and very personable ! very good with young kids ! ! try the new nu products . there all natural .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kudos to steven and hannah for my nails and pedi ... perfect color choice by anthony ! thank you guys , see you in 2 weeks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place did an amazing job ! i recommend this to anyone looking for a great pedicure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im new to the area and work a couple doors down from this location . i walked in to meet the owner and the staff inquiring about the business and all they offered . very friendly staff and super clean ! i will definitely be making my next appointment for my mani pedicure there ! great look and very competitive prices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wide selection of nail colors and service options . always clean , kind , and excellent work by the staff ! a regular visit for pedi and mani : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the first time . .. great experience ! friendly staff and a beautiful atmosphere . i recommend the deluxe pedi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to get a gel pedicure lily was awesome the place is super clean and they have excellent customer service..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the staff is so friendly and fast ! ! ! ! it 's the cutest deceit tes nail place i 've ever seen , so relaxing . amy is amazing at pedicures and steven made my coffin nails so perfect ! best place in town", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a mani and spa pedicure today . my friends and i came in without an appointment and though they were short staffed we did n't wait long . all 4 of us got amazing service ! and such good technique too ! come see dee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i have been all over vegas going to mediocre salons and this one surpassed my expectations . they have great service and it is a very nice place and serene environment . it is spread out , darker lit , and relaxing . usually nicer places like this charge more , but their prices are the same as any other hole in the wall nail salon . i 'm so happy i finally found a regular permanent place to go to . they did an excellent and thorough job on my nails and they turned out perfect . they really take the time to do a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always come here for my mani and pedi . the nicest and most professional folks with a soothing atmosphere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the salon itself is very cute but creates the illusion that your nails will be too . the prices are higher than the quality you receive . steven did a full set on me & my nails were mediocre , i asked for square & the tips were flared so i obviously had him narrow them but he mumbled under his breath & proceeded to fix them with attitude . he did n't even thank me when i handed him his tip ( which i only gave to him because i myself am a server ) . i asked him for a fan to dry my nails after he finished since he moved me to a station next to my friend while she was getting her nails done but he told me to just squeeze next to her & use the fan at her station ! i immediately regretted tipping him at that point . k & m salon on eastern & 215 have the same price range but the quality & customer service are both 100 % better ! definitely never cheating on my nail salon ever again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i never keep up with my nails whenever i randomly decide to get them done . i always go once or twice then eventually take them off and go back to my natural nails but it 's been almost 3 months and i 'm still going to this salon . super professional and it does n't matter which nail tech i get , i always walk out very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time with my future mother in law and friend before a cruise . we got some amazing pedicures ! the technicians were so gentle but did a very thorough job . they were even able to create a very intricate design for us to go with the cruise theme ! can not wait to come back in friday and get another pedi with my friend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here , and it was a great experience ! the regular pedicure is great and includes more than some places i 've been in the past ... .callus remover , scrub and a nice massage ! the owner is very friendly , and the guy that did my pedicure was great ( forgot to get his name ) . also it 's a very nice atmosphere . i will definitely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this spa , fun and relaxing place . ; ) every time i have come in for my nails and pedi , i get the best aways . the staff is friendly and so nice to myself and my mom . from day one they have made ne happy , as snall nails is not easy to do . i an so u happy i wont go back to the old spa of 12 years . ; ) come see the beautiful place and relaxing time here . also the prices are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this will definitely be my go to spot from now on even though it is a little far out . lily did a phenomenal job with my almond shape nails & was very detailed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very calming vibe and clean location . lots of pedicure options . my skin is so soft and feet feel so rejuvenated . andy was my tech and he was very attentive and a very nice guy the massage was amazing ! i will definitely be back and ask for him again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! ! ! ! ! kind staff , clean facility ! ! ! ! ! wonderful ! we came in and my girls and i got a pedicure together . they were accommodating and did so much to welcome us !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "steven and cindy are wonderful , personable , and friendly . i have been their client for years and would never see another nail tech unless they retired ! steven always gets me in at a moment 's notice when i need a fill or a new set . he does a superb job and always acknowledges my requests . he gives great color suggestions too when i 'm indecisive . i always leave with pretty nails and feel like a valued customer . cindy is the sweetest . she always comes over and asks me about my kids and my vacations and such . ( single mom often has to bring my kids with me , but they are so friendly to them ! ) cindy does my eyebrow wax perfect . she just started doing me daughter 's too . my daughter get a ton of compliments on her eyebrows from her friends ! they are perfect ! my daughter also gets her nails done usually from cindy or one of the other girls . she always leaves happy ! thank you , cindy and steven ! i will see you saturday ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful salon , awesome massage chairs , a lot of color choices both gel and regular . would 've liked my little girls manicure pedicure to include more than just filing and nail painting for $ 28 but great price value for myself . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best place my husband and i love the pearl pedicure here and steven is awesome at rockstar gel manicure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vincent did my pedicure and was wonderful ! he accommodated any request i had , and even worked around my recent injury with ease . thanks vincent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i could not give this place enough stars ! the salon is very clean and relaxing . the chairs are high quality and the staff are very friendly and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and colorful on the inside . great service also ! i came on the 4th of july and they did a good job . i would recommend this to anybody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in without appointment and was taken care of almost immediately . great service with professional and very nice nail technicians ! extremely clean and well-maintained facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service.. nice clean salon ..will come back ! ! never have to wait . very large spa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my niece for pedis and i tried the sns mani . nice relaxing location with a tropical feel . the staff was very attentive , offered cold water and made sure we were comfortable . the tools they used were clean and sterile . i will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pedi spa i 've seen yet ... i may have only waxed my eyebrows today.. but still this spa is so comforting and relaxing ... great customer service ... . i would definitely recommend it to others ... and definitely come back with my daughter for future services", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to so many nail places . this is n't just a nail place . they provide various other services but their best is customer service ! everyone is personable , helpful and nice . they do n't push for extras and always do a great job ! the pedicures are fantastic and they have a variety to choose from ! there 's no need to keep searching for a nail place . . my pedi spa is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! so fancy , clean and relaxing ! ! ! this is my second time here now and i brought my mom with me to try out their pearl spa pedicure ! ! ! ! very professional people and they are good with customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had such a great experience . the staff was very nice and welcoming . the service was great and atmosphere top notch ! will definitely be a regular", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to yelpers ... .the mr.pumice they used on my daughter was more worn out then the one i have in my shower at home ... and the callus remover cheese graters on the trays ( which they did n't use on us ) looked disgusting", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was very confused with my experience at this place . first , they did n't soak my fingers ( while i was getting a manicure ) before they cut tended to my cuticles . he was literally pulling at my cuticles and excess skin around my nails . then he put severely hot towels on my hands before painting . and lastly , he got annoyed when i asked if he was adding additional quotes . do n't go here . find another place on yelp . trust me . not a god experience at allll .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a pedi last week and i was n't going to write something but everyday i 'm more unhappy with my pedicure . i got the $ 55 aloe one ... it 's a very nice place , very clean , staff is friendly . i feel like it was way over priced for a 40 min pedicure . it 's been 4 days since i was there and i had to already treat my calluses , clean the sides of my toe nails due to pressure on more than one toe . i feel like for that price i should be worry free for at least a few weeks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice people . i was a walk in , but was in a massage chair and offered a water which was perfect for me . cindy was my tech and was great my feet have never looked so good . i 'm very pleased with my visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first visit was 5 stars but this last visit was horrible . my gel peeled off in the first 3 days . pitt was a sloppy job and i had the same lady do them the second time . on top of that all my nails broke because of the thin application of gel . my pedicure was ok accept for my toenails where all extremely short and round and i like square ! i liked at first and came back only because i like specialty pedicures but this time made me not want to come back . $ 100 spent just to get my nails done again in a week", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm so in love with this place . u get a nice vegas feel with nice people . i just got simple gel pedi and mani but the service was good . the work was great my feet still feel good while other places leave me cracked", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to see my right away . i found my pedi nails & spa on yelp and they booked me in 30 mins . place looks clean . i like how they wrap a plastic around the spa making it sanitary . there are lots of colors to choose from including bright fluorescent pink which i love for my pedi . nicely decorated and relaxing experience . lily was detailed and gives a fantastic massage . it was just what i needed . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in . no appointment had to wait about 15 min . i had a basic pedicure for $ 26 . the staff is nice and it 's very clean . i would definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice staff and clean area . they are just understaff because my wife had to wait 20 mins but its all good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . clean equipment and nice staff . great colors . very modern , like a club .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "started coming here when it originally opened . both owners treat me great . this is my number one nail salon to go to . convenient location . the owner , steven is the one usually doing my nails and he is amazing ! i always have the best service . the atmosphere is by far the coolest out of any other nail salon in vegas . you 'll always leave happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a nice , clean and organized place ! very happy with my services as well ! ! ! ! definitely coming back ! the decorations and mirrors everywhere are so cute . also , the selection of gels are amazing . they 're are so many choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking to do fool set for my nail . it was my first time at this saloon i scheduled an appointment . ... it was on time ... the team was very professional the lady that did my set was very kind and worming ... i endup doing also pedicure because it 's was very nice and relaxing invironment . and save me time by doing this simoltanic . i love it and defenetly will recommend my friends ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a very good experience . leilei is the best pedicure person ever , very friendly . nails came out great . 10 10 would recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you and hanna for her nice mani and pedi . helping with choice of color and taking me promptly as a walk-in", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a spa pedi and mani ... was relaxing . the place is very modern and the message chairs were great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got my nails done here with my friend last minute ! they did a very beautiful job and had great customer service ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my pedi spa ! it is so clean and the staff is very friendly . they have the newest models of pedicure chairs and a great array of pedicures to choose from . and the foot massages ... wow ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gorgeous salon and so many rockstar colors to choose from ! ! so happy i could n't get in at my other nail salon and decided to come here instead . so clean and the staff is so friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and people ! they do a great job and makes sure you are happy ! me and my mom always come here to get our nails done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cindy and steven are the best for nails . cindy is amazing at brows and always knows not to overwax . when it gets busy it is kind of irritating because there is no receptionist . but , its clean , pretty , good work distributed and a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has been the most wonderful experience today here at this spa . the people are friendly and are very passionate about they work . i will most definitely come back the next time i visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! beautiful spa . you definitely feel pampered and relaxed . would recommend this spa for an enjoyable , relaxing experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nu-skin pedicure left burn marks on the back of my legs where they were resting on the towel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "such an amazing salon ! always clean and welcoming ! great staff ! and great products ! ! i love m y pedi spa ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently went back and was not pleased with my visit . i was not familiar with the lady they assigned to me . i 've never seen her before , so i 'm not sure if she 's new or not . regardless , it took me several times to tell her to cut my nails before she did it . she was also constantly messing up ( i honestly do n't mind if you mess up , but i expect you to want to fix it ) she was so overtly frustrated about something that the polish came out uneven throughout my nails . i ended up taking it off the next day . i wo n't be returning without asking for amy or ann , if at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i always come here and they always hook me up : ) ! ! they got me in and out in hour ! steven is great and so is mandy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . the staff is super friendly . i am very picky when it comes to nail salons . my nail tech really took the time to secure my gels and make sure i was pleased . i will absolutely visit again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leaving for vacation and decided to treat myself to a mani pedi . they got me right in . i bartend and rarely get my nails done , my feet needed a lot of love ! they did such a wonderful job ! ! massage and so much attention to detail on every finger and toe . i would recommend this place to anyone ! also super cute inside ! best pedicure i 've ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been passing my this place for months . i work right across the street and decided to check it out since i had two hours before my shift . walked in and anthony was super friendly and let me know that the wait was probably ten to twenty minutes which was fine , i just wanted a quick pedicure . i picked my color and sat down and waited maybe twenty five minutes . anthony set me up in a chair and let me know that lily was just finishing up with her client and would be with me in a few minutes . sure enough , lily came over in under ten minutes and was super nice . i 'm a pretty quiet person and this was only my third pedicure in my life but it was great . she was really nice and was very meticulous so that everything was even . i will definitely be back again and will probably bring my husband .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to be the nicest and cleanest nail salon in las vegas ! ! ! they go above and beyond to make sure everything is sanitary and above satisfactory for their clientele ... . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place ! ! the inside is so pretty and steven who was my cosmetologist was so nice ! he was considerate and made sure that my nails looks perfect ! i would recommend this place for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cute ! you ca n't beat the $ 10 kids mani pedi in the adorable kid size spa chair . cindy really listened to what i wanted and did a great job . i 'm happy to find a place i can keep going to . the interior is unique , everyone is friendly , and it 's easy to get in for appointments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was my first time at this spa ! we did manicure and pedicure ! me and my friend had really good experience in here . stuff is really nice and professional ! they have a lot of good colors to choose from.salon itself designed very stylish and modern . also very clean.massage chairs are amazing . overall good job guys ! thank you ! definitely recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . great atmosphere . cocktail with my pedicure ? why yes ! ! highly recommend ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some things have changed in the last few months that i do n't like about how they run their business.i seen somebody yelling at the receptionist which is very unprofessional . and they keep it too warm inside for summer , turn the air conditioner down a bit . other than that it 's still a great place to get my nails done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pedi in the city hands and toes down . i 've tirelessly looked for a pedi place and none that could really make my heels soft and smooth as this place . they care enough to touch , feel and check that the heel is not rough still . i love this type of detail , it makes money worth it . they line the tub with a plastic liner and sterilize everything properly . pics for reference . highly recommend the hot stone massage too , it 's a well deserved treat . oh and the really nice massage chairs , booomb !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they always take care of me and my daughter and they have a lot of choice for polish : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i try to come here once a month ! this is the best place to come to if you want a pedicure that is going to last long . i just get the basic as usual and my feet last me almost 3 weeks . i wo n't go any other place since i found this place been coming for about 3 years now . definitely get your money 's worth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . relaxing room with two rows of pedicure seats . take their time with you and do n't rush through service which i appreciate . will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a gel mani and deluxe pedi . van did my nails and let me say he knows how to use his hands ! ! ! best message ever ! he even told me to let him know if the pressure was to much ... no such thing ! ! i will definitely be back and request him . great ambiance ! superb service . and prices were n't bad at all . thank you my pedi spa ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot for mani pedi , steven is the owner . so nice and takes care of his customers ! peter did my mani and pedi , ask for him when you go in . i went on a friday afternoon around 2pm and it had n't gotten busy yet with the prep-for-the-weekend rush . the inside is lively and fun , perfect for vegas ! disco balls , neon lights and great music . pedicure was $ 26 , great price ! they have a lot of options to upgrade but do n't push it on you . there are 2 walls of pedicure chairs , must be 15-16 in total . my friend got a gel manicure and they did a great job of color matching her original color . love love love , will go back again ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , big , pretty atmosphere , actually really happy with my gel pedicure ! they did a good job and their prices are pretty standard to the nail spa i usually go to and others i 've visited . their massage chairs work really nice and i got a better foot calf massage than most places ... nothing extravagant because i just got the basic pedi , but more effort and not lazy like most places i 've been to ! they have the rockstar gel colors here which i 'm excited about ... expect an upcharge though , just like at other salons ! i think i 'll come back if i 'm ever over this way again ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and it was great ! i went in two hours before work because i thought it was going to take forever but as soon as i walked in steven greeted me and my boyfriend and asked what we needed . he sat us down quickly and got to it . i was nervous since my boyfriend was with me and i did n't want him to seem like a stereotypical impatient boyfriend but i did n't need to worry about that ! ! he was sooo fascinated walking around looking at the amazing decor that time flew by and i could say it took like only 30 mins just for a full set of gel nails ! they came out great ! def never changing nail salons for a good while : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful place , but i hate that l 'm greeted by someone who speaks english and understands it . i explain what i need and want , then the girl who does my nails begins to do something completely different then what i had asked for . i tried to explain what i wanted done again and she did n't speak english , she just shook her head and said `` i do for you '' . she begins to file my nail to correct the problem and let me tell you when the nail is being filed down from the top and aggressive it really burns.not the place for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went and had a pedicure done . thought it was going to be just your average spa pedicure . but no , this one included a green tea jelly , feet heaven ! a hot stone massage ... legs are still thanking me . and even the best gel lotion ever . my feet will never be the same ! needless to say this will be the only place that gets my business . my daughter feels the same way ! they even have to cutest foot spa chairs for kids . my granddaughter was treated just as special as we were . my pedi is the best ! great service and no wait ! see you all in a few weeks when it 's time for my next pefi ! i might even get my nails done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here in a whim because i was in an area and since it was my birthday i decided it was time for a me day , after work ... steven did my nails and he was quick . im picking with my nails because i dont like my fills to be thick and he did great job . ive lived here for two months and have been trying to find a salon that gets my nails right and i think i found it here . jamie did my toes and it was great . i never felt so relaxed sinced i moved here . my feet were feeling relaxed , ready and looked pretty too . think next time i come i will try the facials because i know i am over due for one ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! fit me in . relaxing ! love it ! the staff is helpful . many products to choose from . friendly staff . huge , clean . love the massage chairs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my pedi spa is the place to relax and enjoy your manicure and pedicure . the waterfall and music is so peaceful and serene . the staff is so nice and very social .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ... my nail tech is one of a kind ... he is awesome an i think i wouldnt go to no one else ever again . he know what he is doing ang when i have ingrown nails he how to get them out make my feet feel soo much better ! great place to relax an an get of awesome pedicure . you rock van !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are friendly . the place is clean and modern looking . i took my little girl there for fun . they have the little chairs for kids and they are so cute . she wants to go back . i would take her more if the pedicure is cheaper . they were $ 25 , which i think is pretty pricey for only polish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pedicure ever ! great atmosphere , great smell , friendly , helpful and interactive technicians . they accommodated our party of 7 with no problem . we called ahead and they were ready for us , none of us had to wait . this is not your average foot spa ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place very clean and beautiful recommend anyone to come here the service was great , my nails look beautiful i could n't have asked for a better job . i came with my nails very badly damaged from previous nail salon and my pedi was able to restore my nails and make them more beautiful than normal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been to this spa many times for pedicures and always have a great experience . today tony ( tuan ) did my pedicure . he was very detail oriented ( getting the ingrown toenails ! ) and took the extra time to do a great job ! even to do a sparkly french after that . thank you tuan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best nail salon ever for yourself or your little ones ! ! ! talk about perfect service , the beautiful atmosphere , and the amazing kid mani pedi chairs ! ! ! my kids enjoyed themselves so much ! laughed the whole way through the massage : ) besides this , there 's a walmart right in the same shopping center , and a starbucks , so you can stop and grab whatever you may need on your way home . awesomeness", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my grandma and i have been coming here for a few years now ! ! ! we absolute love it ! ! ! cindy is so sweet and patient with my 85 year old grandma ! ! ! best nail place by far", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , beautiful decor and super clean . steven was so attentive and did a wonderful job . favorite nail spa in vegas hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service ... .not rushed . very relaxing and calm . nice color choices and technicians were nice . will return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this place for my pedicure for about a year and a half i have recommended to my friends and family . i always have the cutest design on my toes ! well today they just lost a customer and i will let everyone know never to come here ! after three failed attempts on doing nail art on my toes i finally left with just a plain design . the guy at the register was so rude talking on the phone while talking about an oil change for his car . he tried to charge me for a design i said i did n't get a design because the girl had no clue what she was doing ! he looked over at my toes like i was lying ! i was over charged for my nails . at first was quoted $ 40 ended up being $ 50 paid $ 80 plus tip for toes and nails ! horrible never will i go there again ! beware when giving them your money ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best nail place i have been to . love the staff and especially my nails ! great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and excellent service ! ! ! ! i highly recommend the chamomile treatment ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was a walking-in and since the start they well really friendly . i got the pearl pedicure it was beyond amazing , it was so relaxing i was falling asleep . my new spot to get my nails done , totally going to tell my friends about it : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , always come back here for mani and pedis . still my go to spot . recommend this place anytime", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in to try one of their speciality jelly pedicures . got the chamomile one and it 's amazing so far ! nice and relaxing atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have milestone 's related trauma . seriously . it 's taken me months to even write this . i went with man-friend , and got what used to be my fav salad . i munched away happily until i uncovered a fly , embedded to his untimely death in my goat cheese . bye bye appetite . i have to say , the entire staff dealt with this as well as they could , the dish was comped , the manager spoke to us , he seemed pretty freaked ... but there 's just no winning me back . i know mistakes happen ... but for me , this one is too big to get over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while i like this milestone 's more than the john & richmond location thanks to a neat first floor bar and cool bartenders , it still gives me the same though : `` dude , there 's got to be a better place to eat chill drink nearby , this is a busy spot '' . hence , this is yet another , `` we do n't know what we want , so let 's just choose the most standard spot nearby '' kind of spot , and frankly toronto has a few too many . if you want more details , check the reviews for the other milestone 's location , it is almost a clone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food and service qualtiy gone down about a year ago , i think the only thing i would order is prob the steak~ everything else is kind of ! 2 ! @ # $ # ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i been to this milestone before on several occasion and i have always liked the amc location over this one , until today . came here on a monday to celebrate my belated birthday and had the monday girls nite out special ( 4 bellinis and 4 apps for $ 40 ) . at first all my girlfriends were quite concern about portion size and after 8 bellinis and 8 apps later we came out pretty stuffed . what made this visit special was our waiter . we had a party member who did not drink alochol and he offered to give her lemonade with no charge and allowed us to change the tortilla chips to naan ( which they made a mistake , but he gave us both anyways ) . of course the taste of the food is quite mediocre , but seriously the bill came out to be $ 100 bucks with tips and left over for 8 alcoholic drinks and 8 apps . the great service and that extra mile our waiter took to serve us made me reconsider that perhaps the north york centre is better than the amc location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love milestones , just not at this location . went with my girlfriend . waiter went missing for 20minutes , appetizers came out undercooked and cold ( calamari ) , our food came out separately , salad was not fresh and was borderline rotting , and our waiter was a douchebag . after we were done ( we did n't finish the food ) , our waiter ( finally ) shows up and says `` it looks like you did n't enjoy your meal '' , throws all the plates together really aggressively and walks away . we paid and left . still left a decent 15 % tip because the waitress beside us was pretty nice ( filled up our water ) and was working her tail off to cover for him . i saw our waiter on the way out and he did n't even have the balls to look me in the eye .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came in on a sunday afternoon . not too busy . first no one approached us at the door and we had to walk around looking for assistance . i asked the guy we finally spoke to whether we would be served at our tables because the place obviously had no wait_staff walking around , he gave me a really sarcastic `` yes '' before we were finally seated by a friendlier waitress . ordered garlic cheese bread which was good . steak was not well seasoned and medium instead or medium well done as asked . worst part was the hour wait just to get served . my gf who had steak frites echoed my sentiments as well . not worth the price . i wo n't return or recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just went last night and had the cajun shrimp diane . i was okay . but i also had the sablefish with seaweed gnocchi from the top chef list a month ago and it was horrible ! ! ! i think if i have to eat at a franchise resturant again , i 'll go to moxie instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location three times in the past two weeks due to its proximity to my hotel . two of those times i was served by the bartender in the lounge area and he 's been really good . once i sat upstairs and service was much slower , despite being practically empty . i 've enjoyed the fish tacos ( although they could use some avocado on them ) as well as the asian chicken bites , garlic cheese bread ( skip this , not that good ) and i also had a side of veggies that was amazing . i would go back for that alone ! it was the chick peas , with spinach and tomatoes . yum ! i also had the california benedict last week for brunch , and it was decent . food is good , drinks are great and service is mostly what i expect from a milestones restaurant . it 's more 3.5 stars , but i bumped up instead of down . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know how this place does not feel the need to improve . considered all the other reviews here and my past experiences . had the prime rib . it was dry , the steak knife could n't even cut into the meat . clearly the prime rib was left out for the whole day . the meat was n't fresh at all . we packed it up to bring it home for the dog , but second thought it was n't even good enough for her to eat . she would n't have been able to chew it up- that 's how dry it was . the texture was awful . we also ordered the burger . the burger patty was burnt . it was so crunchy all around because of the burnt bits . it was charred to a point that there was no meat taste to the burger . they 've always been mediocre , they should really should invest and improve the quality of the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i kind of waffle between 2 and 3 stars . it 's very comparable to moxie 's and has similar style food . there 's also a gluten-free menu . why only 2 stars ? well i ordered the kobe style meatloaf and it was very average . it was also only lukewarm . i added lots of salt . not much more to say .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible servixe . came here for sat brunch and only 1 server in the lounge ( upstairs is closed ) . the server will disappear . they did not offer jam or peanut butter or butter for toast . i asked for butter and they gave me melted butter . food was too salty and the prime rib benny was very dry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is overpriced for the kind of quality and taste you get . but it 's a cool place to hang out with friends and has great bellinis .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the worst milestones location we 've been to . the service is terrible , and even the food is not on par with other milestones . we 've been multiple times when they 've ran out of prime rib at 7pm . another person ordered pasta special ( do n't remember which type ) and they ran out . it was two of our birthdays and we used the birthday coupon ( sign up for their newsletter , they actually do n't spam you that much ) - the waiter did n't say anything , did n't ask whose it was , did n't do anything for us , except take and apply the coupon . would not recommend and have not been back since .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "martini was $ 8.00 . i love this place when ever i go to the lob laws i have to stop by for burgers and some drinks . canada day go early and get the best seat to watch the fire works and the patio is great during summer . the lamb chops is good . my fav !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . this place is alright . it was actually pretty busy when we went so we had to wait a few minutes for a table . it 's actually surprisingly big , though ! the only thing i would say that was fantastic about this place was our waitress - she was super friendly and attentive . the restaurant itself was just -- ok . the sweet potato fries were a huge waste of money . normally i love them . here i did n't even eat 1 4 because they were , frankly , terrible . my beef dip was pretty good - nothing special . also , the fire alarm kept going off in the building -- and apparently this happens on a fairly regular basis -- not exactly the best ambiance for a meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first we found our water had dust like things in it when you swirl the water with a straw . then we found hair in the fries . we did n't say anything , just paid for our meals , tipped , and vowed to never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love milestones , just not so much this location - the meat which we requested to be well done was pink and bloody ( for any of you folks who request been well done and get it pink , you know the horror ) and our waitress did not check in with us once . i complained through the milestone 's website and no one got back to me . overall , not too much of a fan anymore , i 'm afraid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here for brunch on two occasions , the first time was a good experience with no complaints but the second time both my girlfriend and received dishes that were at best luke warm and her shrimp was undercooked . the eggs were a bit runny as well and probably should have been cooked better . you know you have kitchen issues when you ca n't cook eggs properly . the staff is attentive both times we visited but they lack warmth and seemed cold or distracted .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "milestone 's has constantly been a meh for me . from scarborough town to yorkdale to this location . sure , i feel nice and balling when i hang-out there . good drink menu and low lighting and very fancy decor . waitors must be sleepy due to the dull lighting- because even with literally 4 people in the restaurant . it took them 12 minutes to get a greeting or some menu 's . for some reason or the other - the price of the food never matches up to the quality . maybe cuz this strip of yonge-sheppard spoils me with all the choices i want . milestones is my stop over-when i want to catch a movie upstairs at the cineplex and want to catch a light buzz before-hand . once again ... meehh ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these chain-western restaurants are always bad - i mean they do n't offer anything special , and it 's a premium price to pay for the name of the place you 're eating at . along with jack astors , these restaurants provide the same bland bad burgers for 10 dollars , pasta for 15+ dollars , and do n't even get me started about their drinks . this place provides hospitality for old friend get togethers that ca n't agree or find a cooler place on yelp , or coworker lunch that wants to keep it safe and have the conversation around the table muttering `` oh how is your dinner ? '' to be met with , `` oh it 's good i guess . '' and having the bill come to 20 dollars a person . not worth it . come if you ran out of willowdale selections and want to pay more for no reason .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was an absolutely terrible experience for a meal . let 's start ... the place was sweltering hot inside the restaurant . i ordered a caesar salad w extra salad dressing . had to ask 3 times . my friend ordered a salad but the server missed the dressing . my other friend ordered a sandwich & the fries were `` forgotten '' ? ! the steak was undercooked for another meal ! for my meal i had wilted fries & they were out of a key part of the meal of waffle & chicken ! ! they featured a meal & were missing a key part ? ! ? ! the place was old & broken down as well . there are tons of restaurants in the area ... do yourself a favour ... eat somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not all milestones are equal . this one was the not so nice of the family . came in here on a week night for some pasta and a mojito a few months ago . all i can remember is the service was so very very slow , the mojjito was mostly ice and sugar and watered down , and the pasta tasted funny . now i hate writing bad reviews when i know a restaurant can do better but they have n't proved otherwise yet . they 're so inconsistent that i have n't had any desire to return and i used to really like this restaurant . their menu is great though but i recommend going to another location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a very standard americanized restaurant , slightly below chains like the keg but above kelsey 's and the like . food is overall decent . the prices are what is reasonably expected in such a restaurant . the free birthday dinners are missed , that was a great promotion . however the monday and wednesday promotions are a good deal . staff can be inconsistent . some of them are great and professional while others seem indifferent and act as if they are too cool to be bothered . overall recommended for large groups , especially on mondays with their promotion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was actually really good . had the beef bolognese with mushrooms and spinach . it was full of flavor . i would tell you how i enjoyed their signature bellini drink , but they forgot to bring it , and by that time , dinner was served , so i did n't bother complaining . my wife ordered the prime rib , but they were out ! ! ! ? ! ? ! so she had the chicken which she enjoyed as well customer service could have been better , but food was great t .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best california salad i ever had ! ! i come back to milestones each time just to have one ! ! they do n't have much options for veg people . i have tried the edamame , baked goat cheese and garlic flatbread , veg burger and penne pasta..love the edamame and the flat bread but not a great fan of the burger and pasta . they have some good choices for desserts . i have to stay this location need some tlc ... i have been to some of their better locations ( dt and richmond hill ) . hope they can bring this location upto mark .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a really great experience at this milestones at a recent family birthday . the food was ok ( pretty much what you expect ) but it was the staff that made it special . they went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of . our waitress was great and let us substitute items with no fuss . she even offered to let us store a special dessert in their freezer as a surprise for the birthday boy . great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite location for milestone . i love the bar-type feel of this venue , nicely decorated with dim lights , flat screens and the latest hits playing just loud enough to be able to carry on a conversation . i find it better than the food at the 300 borough or downtown ottawa locations ... it 's too bad that the food is not consistent from location to location and even the atmosphere does n't follow it 's brand . none the less , the belini 's are awesome and bonuses you get with your scene card are worth it , but you have to mention your card or else they wo n't give you your points automatically , kinna of annoying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible experience . we had a big group so i understand that large groups are tough for servers to manage but our server served half the table water and disappeared for half an hour . when the server came back she was incredibly arrogant and impatient with taking orders . the bar staff was no better and made us wait for another half hour because they apparently ran out of glasses . given the fact that the restaurant was barely at half capacity for a saturday night , i think the overall operations of this restaurant need a huge overhaul . i 'm never going back here again and will try to make sure no one else makes the mistake of going here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "milestones is always a place where you can bring different groups of ppl to especially with work functions . staff are always great in keeping the food and experience smooth and timely . food while they have change the menu recently some of the old favourites are still around ! ! always a pleasure to eat at milestones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sat upstairs for a business lunch meeting . staff were friendly and attentive however they over do the 'is everything going ok ' pitch . staffers , please take notice to your patrons and lunch meeting dynamics . meal was reasonably ok. my salmon was alright but the veggies were soggy and seemed to have been sitting in a heat tray for quite some time -definitely not fresh . other than that , an ok place to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was staying across the street so it was very convenient . i walked in and seated myself immediately . the waiter was friendly and prompt . it 's very much a bar-type place , a little loud with the televisions for my taste . the place was clean . i ordered the steak frites . the steak was well seasoned and cooked perfectly . i loved the fries with the aioli . it was a touch pricey for the selection , but you can easily eat for under $ 30can with no alcohol . i would go back when visiting the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 stars for the menu + one star for the location , which overlooks yonge street - access it directly through the north york station ! i typically order steak here and the drinks are quite good too . they have a pretty good selection for gluten-free customers so check that out if you 're in the area looking for gluten-free food . there is a lot of seating on the second floor and the booths are cosy with lots of sunlight during the afternoon . it 's not usually too busy , which is just fine by me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was here on friday for lunch . we seated ourselves . the place was pretty empty . the waiter came promptly with the menus and took our order for drinks . i ordered the ahi tuna taco . it arrived quickly and it was delicious but for $ 16 i think the portion could of been more . i was n't even full . it was 2 small taco and 2 deep fried piece of avocado . the taste was good but disappointed in portion size . when we asked for the bill it took forever to come considering its not even busy . i probably wo n't be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had horrible experience just now . went for lunch with coworkers . felt like no one is happy to see us there at the first place . one of the waitresses was rude and on a comment `` that their menu sucks lately '' she asked `` why are you here then ? '' . like really ? ? the first waitress did n't even try to apologize or anything , but asked if we want to stay or leave . again , really ? ? ? food was just ok. wo n't be going there again , even thou it is convenient location . been going there for years , but lately it became a real eeek ! .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mediocre food with nice ambience . the salads are great though . but because it is more expensive i would hit up a restaurnt more deserving .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place used to be so much better . maybe their lunch service is different from dinner . i used to come with friends a lot on weekends mainly for the dips and their famous bellinis . i liked both their downstairs lounge and their upstairs big tables and the cute ceiling lights . you can see yonge street if you sit by the window . unfortunately , my last visit here for lunch was n't as good as what i experienced before . the salad i ordered was not fresh at all and my steak was dry ! the customer service is very good and they 're all friendly . i just wish they would pay more attention to the actual reason people come here , which is the food !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dene is the best ! my color is the best , and i finally took the plunge and had her do the brazilian blow out in my wild unruly curly hair ! i love it . will only see her ! thanks for making my hair amazing . sara", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to kasey for my color and cuts for almost 8 years . she is the best ! i have been through several different colors and cuts , and she always does an amazing job ! i ca n't say enough good things about her . she is flexible and convenient , and i would highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dene at teased is excellent . she has been putting extensions in my hair for a couple of years and i have been so pleased . she also does a great job cutting and styling my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both kasey and dene are amazing . great with color , cuts and extensions ! ! ! not to mention they both do amazing brazilian blow outs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of dene 's at teased for several years . she does brazilian blowouts , extensions and all of my coloring as well . i have never been disappointed and always leave feeling beautiful . her skills are unsurpassed and her personality is equally refreshing ! you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kasey and dene are absolutely the best ! my hair just loves them lol ! they are not only professional and talented but gracious and warm and funny ! it is a true experience to go in there and come out looking and feeling fabulous ! i ca n't say enough about teased ..love love love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a rental property in parma . i called hogg heating and cooling to have someone take a look at my furnace . jack came out that same day , found some mechanical problems , and he worked quickly to fix it ! he was thorough and did an excellent job ! we were completely satisfied and will be using hogg heating for any further work we might need ! thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owner is a drunk scam artist ! my hubby & i own a bar . we hired hogg to look at our ice machine & clean coils on commercial coolers . sub par job cleaning coils & we were overcharged ! ! charged for 6 coolers , we only have 5 . the owner jack was the 1 who came to do the job . he also said he would need to make a 2nd trip out to see what cooler temperatures were after cleaning . no one from hogg came back . when i called jack personally to express the obvious issues , he sounded very inebriated & argued with me ! told me there must have been 6 coolers if that 's what was written on invoice . i responded by saying well you are supposed to come back to check temps , how could we hide the number of coolers we have behind the bar ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes totally agree , had same situation overcharged never return calls , attitude like gang member rough gruff , something is not right .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called to have a clean and check done today , was scheduled between 8-9am . never showed . i spoke to jack ( the owner ) and asked for a discount for the inconvenience . he proceeded to yell at me and told me to go somewhere else , then hung up . i have had 6 furnaces put in by hogg between my property and rental properties and can not believe how rudely i was treated after being a long time customer . buyer beware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a issue with a purchase i made there ( wasent the product itself ) i was lucky enough to get parker on the phone when i called the roundhouse . he was great ! ! so friendly and helpful . went above and beyond to help me out . i strongly recommend asking to talk to him if ever you need to deal with customer service at the roundhouse , he 's great ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first impressions are everything and being jumped on by a salesperson as soon as i walk through the door is not a good way to start , unfortunately it goes downhill from there . this is supposed to be their `` urban store for smaller spaces '' but they 're selling the same ugly suburban basement furniture they sell at their other locations , with the exception of a few sofas you can order in one colour . i was looking for a storage bed and was given two choices , one over 10 feet long which is too big for my bedroom , and another which had a 10 inch deep headboard , once again taking up too much space in my 10 x 10 bedroom . 2 storage bed choices at an urban store for smaller spaces surrounded by condos ? ? ? ? thankfully a retailer in liberty village saved the day where i purchased a solid birch storage bed for less money than i would of paid at this urban store for grandmothers . drop by to see the amazing building but avoid this store unless you want your place looking like a retirement home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "to start , the store and the items bought was fine . the problems are with the delivery . first we were told the old furniture would be removed , ifs fact all they did was put it outside , not what we were told at the store . the worst part is they gouged the floor and dented the new front door.. i am pissed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in hermosa beach ca and i am an international platform barber ! meaning i travel all over the world doing haircut demonstrations and education ! i 've used http : www.creativepile.com services to help promote as well as build the business field that i am in ! they 've created business cards to my every detail as well as flyers that i need to help prospective clients with a visual of what i 'm all about ! they have great customer service and also give me the attention that i need when explaining what my options are ! i will be using them again for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "creative pile is as good as you will ever get ! from a brand new logo to business cards , flyers , stickers and tent cards , rachel did it all and blew us away with her creativity , professionalism and style . we had an idea of what we wanted but were blown away with the final result . not only were our expectations met - they were quickly surpassed by the creativity , responsiveness and superior design capabilities of this company . creative pile went above and beyond to create the perfect look for us . i will never look to another design company to help with our promotional needs ! i could n't imagine working with anyone else . `` creative pile '' is right ! just when you think they ca n't get any better - they surprise you with their exceptional talent . ( along with a superior talent for design , rachel is also patient , kind and easy to work with . no ego or drama . just fantastic results and a dream to work with . ) thanks guys ! you truly are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in vancouver wa and at first i thought using a company out of state would be hard to work with . i was wrong . julian surpassed my expectations and i got all of my designs & prints done on time ( business cards & flyers ) . i 'm coming back for more soon ! thank you creative pile ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found creative pile online and approached them to help me with a current brand i own . rachel has been able to work with my existing logo while creating new postcards , product sleeves , and line sheets for me . i have been extremely happy with her work , responsiveness and prices . i highly recommend creative pile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible . said they could take me and a friend when we walked in . they sat her down , and i am still waiting 50 minutes later . it smells bad in here , the decor is horrible . i should have turned right around when i got a little sick to my stomach at the stench .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go here ! ! ! last week , two friends of mine and i went for 2 full sets and a gel mani . me and one of my friends have been loyal customers , well the other friend we were with is fluent in vietnamese , so she understood everything . as it turns out , they were calling one of us fat ! ! ! i confronted them after our nails were finished and all that was said was `` sorry '' ... . i highly recommend you take your money and business else where , unless you wish to pay to be insulted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this place zero stars i would . made an appointment for 5:15 , was still waiting for a pedicure at 6pm . i finally left and they acted like they 'd done nothing wrong saying `` only 10 more minute wait '' . that 's just unacceptable ! i expected to have an appointment kept is that so much to ask ? do n't come here ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mom and i went here for her birthday . she got a nuteral gel manicure and i waited next to her ( i did n't get anything ) . we went an hour after they opened on a friday and we were the only ones there the whole time . the man who did her nails was very precise and there were no bubbles or polish on the skin . it was 25 exactly for the gel . btw it 's wheelchair friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do a really good job , and the price is always consistently cheap , sadly for the girls who like nail art , they do n't really do much of that here , but they do try and i appreciate them for that ! jimmy is the guy to go to !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is always something wrong with my nails when i come here . do not come here especially if you want designs . they ca n't do it and if they try they 'll make your nails ugly . i got charged for a hideous design that i had to come take off the next day , and they were n't considerate enough to offer me $ back for the design or $ off my next service . only good nail tech here is kim . probably wo n't come back unless she 's available also , i just got my nails done here on wednesday and it 's only saturday and the gel is already chipping on 7 of my nails ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting my piggies worked on , so i did n't know what to expect . my girlfriend and i showed up to the place 10 minutes before the place was scheduled to open . we still weee seated and worked on right away . the customer service was excellent , they had a great tv they kept me and her entertained . no bad smells and the decor was very soothing and welcoming . my girlfriend says the prices were fair based in it 's location , maybe a dollar or two more than normal . . but for what we received it was definitely worth it . oh and i forgot the massage chairs ! ! ! love the massage chair ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible customer service ! ! it was empty , just myself and one other customer . the girls were nice but whoever the man is that works there is very very rude . as i was getting a quick pedicure , i was reading their menu . for some reason he took it away for me as i was in the middle of reading it and put it on the seat next to me ? ! ? nearing towards the end of my pedicure i asked if i could have a design done and he stated and i quote `` you should have told us that earlier '' ! ! at that moment i should have left but i did n't i needed my polish changed . he kept turning around to watch whatever violent movie was playing on tv that nobody like and just completely ignoring me and not paying attention . you should never have to apologize for not getting good customer service . do not go there . go 3 doors down to the polish room . everyone there is extremely nice and they do a wonderful job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i honestly have been going to this place for awhile now and they are amazing ! always so nice and i have never had to wait as long as everyone says they do on here ! i have never had an issue with my nails or toes and they have great prices as well ! ! ! i highly recommend this place ! ! ! ( :", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . guy did my nails and color was not what i asked for then he asked me to pay 20 extra dollars to change and make right . i will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were really nice and did a good pedicure ... but my manicure is terrible . not cleaned up around them and they did n't use a fast dry coat . they do n't carry the fast dry spray either , who has all day to spend waiting for there nails to dry . they also did n't keep pumice stones for your feet only the metal option . i ca n't use those so i could n't get my dead skin removed !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always amazing service even when i show up 30 min before close . my gels last and always look great friendly , fun and also do eyebrow shaping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best nail place in north phoenix . great customer service , they have always been amazing to my family my husband and daughter . i can bring them any picture on pintrest and they always amaze ! prices could n't be better too ! look up coupons too and they have 21 buck gel manicures . you ca n't beat them for the price . as far as the wait etc come ladies lets be real . call ahead . it 's not hard ask what the wait is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've got to say i was n't so impressed this time . had to ask several times for tech to properly smooth nails . i ca n't believe he was going to continue to paint over two peeling nails , causing bumps in the polish . it only takes a second to smooth them down . it got to a point where i had to insist . it ruined my taste for this salon . such a shame !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was referred here by my friend and i must say it was a great recommendation ! i took my 3 year old lil girl too to experience her 1st mani pedi . jimmy did an incredible job and i 'm thoroughly impressed with his work . he took the time to listen to what i wanted and went above and beyond to get the job done . my nails look perfect ! i will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this nail salon is right around the corner from my house which is very convenient . there normally is n't a wait when i come in which is nice . they do a decent job , but the last couple of times i felt that it was rushed and not as great as previous times . i will likely return , but not completely dedicated to this salon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . i have been coming here for over a year now and have never had such good nail service . very good at acrylics , almond shape nails , and gel mani and pedis . everyone there that 's worked on me has been very polite , friendly , and nice . i absolutely love it . they always have a movie playing too which is nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to handfuls of other nail salons and i have never had such an amazing experience then here . i have been here 7 times now . always the most amazing customer service and true love goes into the work they do . i honestly will never go anywhere else . i found my home , i hope it 's just as good of a place for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jimmy tommy & kelly ! ! jimmy for manis , tommy for pedis , & kelly for wax . they have the best selections of colors & brands . i love that there 's a huge tv that plays movies during services . they stay open late & have the most reasonable prices . i always tip 30 % plus because if the extra mile they go for the services performed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there today for a pedicure and had a wonderful experience . the massage was wonderful the job on my toenails was absolutely perfect and the best one i have had in years . v was the person that helped me and i could not have been more happy . i will be going back to see her", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed here after a late flight into t.o . for a one night stay business or travel , i am looking for clean , safe and comfortable . this hi had friendly staff , well-appointed new rooms ( the whole place is new-did n't exist when i used to live in the area ) and the breakfast was way better than average ( hot buffet- eggs , sausages ) for the price i paid . free newspaper and news tv for breakfast . it was a few minutes up from the airport but well worth it . everything worked fine and the staff were in good spirits despite the terrific snowstorm we were in . i would definitely stay here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent hotel , friendly staff , free wi-fi and a free continental breakfast . lots of available parking and a short walk to a couple of restaurants . rooms are clean but decor is a little dated", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would say in my opinion from all the ethiopian restaurants on the danforth strip this would come first . they have the best kikil and tibs . if you want to experience authentic ethiopia food tastes this is the place to check out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best ethiopian in the city if not one of the best in the continent . if you 're looking for authentic and generous portions , this is it . my fiance and i are regulars of this place and though they have changed their waitstaff around often , they 've definitely improved on customer service . the owners are always there and are friendly . they have gluten free injera from ethiopia ( you have to ask for it specifically ) and i 'd recommend it with their `` sora kitfo '' and also their alicha tibs . if you 're really hungry try the kornis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first introduction to ethiopian food and the ethiopian dining experience in general . we 're vegetarians so we had their vegetarian platter , followed by the coffee ceremony . the whole `` eat with your hands '' thing was fun , the food was delicious , and despite us feeling a little like we did n't understand the traditions the staff - and other customers ! - were all warm and friendly . we really enjoyed the coffee ceremony which , for reasons i do n't understand , comes with a big bowl of ... popcorn ... and ... a bowl of burning bark that billowed an aromatic smoke that filled the ceiling of the restaurant ! generally speaking , aromas seem to be a big part of the experience , along with interesting spices ( not hot per se ... tasty ! ) that i could n't quite figure out . if you want something different and interesting , this is a good place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` kornis '' highly recommended you all should try it..its tibs fitfit topped with ground beef ( kitfo ) , ' kinche ' , cottage cheese and spinch . yum and good customer service too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la stella bakery has been in this location for over 25 years . originally it served the local italian community and over the years the jane and sheppard area changed demographics . the bakery changed accordingly and is now serving the local latino community . they still make authentic italian bread , italian and latino pastry and also has authentic food staples . christmas time is a wonderful time in the bakery as the shelves are full of important treats that make excellent hostess gifts or items for the table . a smart foodie can always grab a fresh baked bun , have some cold cuts sliced before your eyes , throw in a connoli or two and you have the freshest $ 4 lunch ever . they also have a churrasqueira hot table with empanadas , tamales and chicken and rice . i grabbed a couple of tamales and they were tasty . i still not sure if you eat the leaf wrapper or not but the doughy corn filling by nature is kind of bland . i always splash some hot sauce on it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "from prepared foods to dry goods , this place carries a lot of italian products and pastries . i do n't mind it for the most part but the rotissorie chicken we ordered one time was atrocious .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place to go to they have fresh corn tamales and this spanish pastry with beef stuffing in them daily . these are the two items i come here to buy the tamales is always sold out when i get here they are very delicious and good value $ 3 . great service and they have lots of italian breads to choose from the homemade pizza is quite good but very greasy and cheesy.i 'll he going back more often need those tamales ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aweful ! they just changed the format of this station . 107.9 was the only alternative station in vegas . now it 's bob fm ... wtf ? now they claim to play everything . they play nothing . this was the best station in town . now it 's as bad as every other station on the air . i guess i 'll be using my ipod all the time now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for years , 107.5 has handled the alternative music needs of the las vegas valley - but no one can deny that they only play new stuff , much of which is no good . for years , i wanted there to be a station that specialized in back-catalogue alternative hits . with the arrival of 107.9 in 2005 , i can rest at last . 107.9 is an alternative station , but unlike 107.5 , they specialize in back-catalogue stuff , be it early 70s punk like ramones and sex pistols , or 90s alternative rock like nirvana and soundgarden . the station does play new alternative rock , but it 's clear their focus is on alternative classics , and that 's a good thing . the best of old and new alternative alike , this is one of the most essential radio stations in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mix 94.1 use to be my favorite radio station in las vegas , and then 107.9 came around . they play the best music and few commercials ... and they do have awesome events !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was vacationing in vegas over the weekend . found this station and ca n't get enough . i stream it here . chicago radio blows . just a really good alternative playlist . update 11 20 11 : they changed format ! ! ! i no longer stream it in chicago . yuck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this stations was the bomb when it came out , i was like `` wow ! it is like they are playing one of my playlist mixes ! '' but now they are just bleh alternative for the early thirties set . its just 94.1 with a new number . oh and me and the boyfriend joke that they play nothing but stone temple pilots and red hot chili peppers . because thats pretty much it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "day 031 365 yelp challenge 2011 when i 'm not at home and visiting my hs bff tia ( and her husband jesse ) in las vegas , nv , this is the radio station that i tune in to . even when it 's 112 degrees outside and it feels like a hot , dry oven ! upon returning back to hawaii , i 'm back to listening star 101.9 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "107.9 the alternative is the best alternative radio station in las vegas . they have the best music , host the best events and are by far the coolest kids on the block !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how i love thy beans and rice , the way you 're layered is wicked nice , with sour cream and guac galore , f'yeah may i have some more ? oh , and your carnitas too . and the bandito sauce . please & thank you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have 2 words for you ... baby banditos ! ok , so i have 2 more words for you freaking amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was road tripping through phoenix on my way to sedona and was craving some breakfast like foods on the cheap and quick . lo and behold a burrito place in the strip mall where i as grabbing some groceries . sold . they have lots of mexican food options but i went with a chorizo and papas burrito and it was large , cheap and did n't give me gut rot . that is three stars right there . i also got some horchata and it was ok , but nothing to rave about . the place had the feel of a local chain , but i was n't really there for atmosphere so i do n't really have anything more to say about that . all in all this place did right by me and that makes me a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , i just want to say , the guy behind the counter says they are not the same people who owned the one on t-bird . this place is identical to the old one . i 'm smelling something fishy here or these people bought the name and concept before the old place went under . i am sitting here waiting for my food so i will give an update on how good this one is . ok , i had my tamales and everything else i ordered that night and i have to say , not half as good as the old one . sorry but its true . i used to go buy tamales every christmas at the one on t-bird and they were fantastic . the tamales i bought from this one were dried out and bland . i threw most of them away . i dont think i will be coming back for anymore tamales or anything else for that matter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dont work far from bb , my co-workersd and i order from here all the time . its even better because they start delivery at 10a , the food is always hot and the orders are always correct . i didnt give them 5 stars because my only concern is that their driver doesnt hold a license , so we have to meet the driver outside of the building because you arent allowed access without proper id . other than that , the food is off the chain !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't have a party without a tray of baby banditos . everything thing else i 've tried was just ok. tonight they were a little extra greasy with my tacos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "despite the outside appearance and strange large outdoor-style bench seating , this place was pretty tasty . the customer service was good , although they put my rice and beans inside of the burrito rather than on-the-side , as requested . i ordered the carne asada burrito , which was huge and freshly cooked . i was surprised that it tasted as good as it did seeing as it did n't seem like the meat had been marinated or seasoned thoroughly . my favorite carne asada is marinated and freshly grilled , but this will do . i asked for the spicy sauce and that was really , really good . i 'll be coming back primarily because of that salsa . they also deliver and serve a wide range of different menu items , both of which were very appealing . i 'll give it another shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place used to be one of my favorite places to eat , i worked close by so it was convenient and the prices were all ways good . even though its not the fanciest of places the food was always filling and yummy . i recently moved and would still make the 30 min . drive to get it , but this last time i went every thing seemed to taste different . the jalapeno dipping sauce for the baby banditos which were a favorite of mine is completely different and not very tasty . unfortunately i wont be making the trip again ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a good amount of good food for a good price . the seating is limited to approx 5 big tables which seat 6 each . i ordered a # 11 combination meal which included a hearty amount of beans and rice along with an enchilada and tamale for $ 5.99 . their menu is huge though and contains many distinctive mexican dishes that i 've not heard of but i 'm sure are delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the first time , yelp has burned me . i see nothing but glowing reviews , but what i got was n't amazing . it was mediocre . it was taking everything i knew about good mexican food and bastardized it . who serves non marinated carne asada ? who serves up tounge that has been cooked to crisp ? first off , carne asada needs to be served up with lime and guacamole , not fried-ish with cheese . and lengua ( or tounge ) , has a very distinct flavor , very hard to describe ... something close to corned beef . this tasted like fried beef . and had cheese on it . and the baby banditos are just like taquitos , and their `` bandito '' sauce is nothing more than whipped butter with a few butchered slices of jalapeno in it . their salsa was tasty , that gets them a star . and they have awesomely large community tables , that gives them another star . do n't believe the hype .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "confirming that it 's closed ! just drove by it yesterday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fear not , fellow yelpers . you can find the baby bandidos again . . . at poliberto 's on 33rd ave and bell road . the yellow jalapeno dip . . .the specials . go check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the bench style seating common eating area . had the cheese enchalada and chile relleno . no distinct flavors but enjoyable nonetheless . thursdays you get a free medium drink with order of any combo .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my absolute favorite restaurant of all time . i grew up with it when i was little all the way through my first year of college . every birthday my family use to get the burrito bandito party platter with the yellow sauce which i do n't know the actual name of it but it is my favorite thing and i can no longer get it . this review is to remember the memories and great tasting yellow sauce i can never have again : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice tacos and burritos . fantastic baby banditos ( mini chimis ) . the food was hot when delivered and the supply of condiments was plentiful . a very pleasant and affordable experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the outside this place looks decent , and something about the 9 neon signs covering the windows that draws you to this location . upon entering , this place the first thing you notice is how terrible the inside looks . the tile flooring resembles the bathrooms that you might be encounter in tijuana or rocky point bar . ordering can be interesting , and due to a lack of a menu , and but they have handy pamphlets . the wife and i both ordered a carnitas burrito and tacos . the food was edible , and bland , and flavorless . the carnitas were cut into cubes , and it had quite a large amount of fat , and a ton of onions . the carne asada tacos were full of onions too . the food was flavorless and generic . i will never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix . real authentic mexican food at a decent price . and the baby banditos are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to admit that they 're not super-consistent , but when you get a good veggie burrito it 'll make your toes curl . i actually asked what was in the special baby bandito sauce ; while they ca n't exactly say , it 's definitely a heart attack waiting to happen . worth it once in awhile . make sure to buy a pint of their salsa to-go ... yum !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been a loyal fan of burrito bandito for nine years , but i 'm done now . it really used to be one of my favorite places , back when steve owned it . i often said `` the only thing this place needs is to serve beer and it would be perfect '' . now with a new owner , its a bunch of kids jammin out to slip knot and disturbed serving cold , over priced , flavorless tacos . rip b.b .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "35 $ gets you signed up . scan and send off your signed release to let them check out your driving abstract and about 5 days later , your membership card and welcome package arrive via the post . tried car2go for the first time today . found an available car on the app , walked to it , waved my card in front of the reader and voila : i was in . cute little smart cars , clean , gassed ( but have a pre-paid gas card there just in case . ) the nav system gives you all the instructions so that you can be off . the car was simple to drive and easy to park as it 's so small . good sound system , zippy and convenient . i went to the airport and back for less than a 1 way trip via taxi ! if you live in one of the designated hoods : sign up , you wo n't regret it . i do however worry how a smart car can handle snow ice though ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much more expensive than communauto the cars are a bit crappy to drive they are convenient but so are taxis . factor in tax and round up , then you will have a better idea of how much you 're talking also , beware of parking in residential streets . if your car is parked on a monday and is ticketed on a tuesday because of street cleaning , you will be held responsible , which is bullshit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've taken about 50 trips and have had technical issues with more than half of them . support takes more than 2 weeks to call back on issues , including when you are at the car trying to get it open ! expect to spend more on taxis than ever before when you rely on car2go and it does n't work .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "plagued with customer service problems . their accounting department must be one person , i swear . no way for departments to contact other departments . employees left shrugging their shoulders often . a joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gave up my car for now and this nicely fills the gap between metro and taxis . once had difficulties getting out of a snowdrift and ended the trip before it began . called and had the amount credited back to me without any issues . made about 5 trips so far with no issues . good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i absolutely love car2go in montreal ! we have recently returned to montreal to live and will not be buying a car as long as car2go is around . not only are they readily available , clean and reliable but the staff was very responsive when i accidentally locked my phone in the car at the airport and then could not retrieve it since the car lock is phone activated ... i used another phone to call them and they were able to remove the car from the app and keep it locked while they sent someone to retrieve my phone and take it back to their office for safekeeping while i continued on to take my flight . when i returned from my trip , my phone was safe and i was able to pick it up . it 's great to use this wonderful service that also helps keep the planet green with a well managed ride share system !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trifecta of competence , professionalism , and caring attitude . i highly recommend dr. william woolf and woolf laser eye clinic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok. second time i 've been here . 1st time took over an hour and a half to be seen . then doc is so busy i had to wait over a month for follow up . so here i am for follow up , almost 2 hours after my arrival and receptionist asks if i 'm ready to check out ? ? ? really ? i said no waiting to be seen . her comment , oh . i like the doc but c'mon who has this kind of time to sit around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best choice i made for my family.the wife , daughter and son loves the gym . going on almost 5 years with coach joao my daughter and family loves the place ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great teachers , great atmosphere , it 's an environment in which the highest level competitor and the newest student can work together to teach and share this incredible sport . i 've been training with the head instructor joao viera for 3 years now and i could n't imagine a better team . if you choose to dedicate yourself , you 'll find that you 've joined another family . obrigado !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude ( jamel & jackson ) up sell and corporate over charge is the name of the game at leslie 's pool supplies . the ( i hate my job ) staff 's goal is to over sell . pentair pressure gauge price at leslie 's $ 45 ... online at other pool supply companies ( same product $ 20 ) with 2 day shipping . 4 pack of clean & clear plus 420 ; 105 sq.ft . cartridge filter element at leslie 's $ 340 and up plus tax ... but online at another company $ 152 ( including 2 day ship & quality product made in the usa ) . long story short , if you plan your pool needs you can save big time avoiding the price gouge and the rock star clerk attitudes by shopping elsewhere online .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a phone call from mark . he told me i could return the defective device . thankfully someone understood our situation . defective device is now being returned . we had just a small hassle this time . glad to get this resolved !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "call me before i got here to make sure they had an led bulb for my pool i came over but they did not match the price they did on the phone . i live in north las vegas and i found this a difficult place to find . do n't trust google maps .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "aaron was very helpful in explaining our pool 's issues . we are trying to do all of our service ourselves due to the fact that finding a pool service company that does a good job has proven to be impossible . leslies is more expensive than nps , but we will return to this store for the excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful and attentive even for being so busy ; the two working on memorial day were very nice to deal with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are super professional and work with all the insurance companies . the manager , chris is the best and i always recommend my customers to him and his crew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car here after someone backed into me was quoted four day repair took 12 , after got the car back they had painted it the wrong shade of blue , told me a supervisor would be in touch , a week goes buy and do n't hear anything back . call them and leave several voicemails without response car is still not painted the correct shade of blue and i have not heard anything from them . would not recommend at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this morning i hit a post while backing up . the damage was on my front right fender and bumper . i have used one body shop in the past and have always been pleased with the service . i decided to try bell collision because of the proximity to my current house . the `` estimate '' consisted of an employee walking out to the vehicle and saying the estimate is `` two thousand , wait three thousand but it may be more when we get inside '' . i stated that in my past experiences i had been given a written estimate that gave me the cost of parts paint and service including whether or not they were factory or oem parts . he said he could write his visual estimate of three thousand down on paper . i decided to go to the former collision center i had used ( van collision ) . within 15 minutes i was given a professionally printed estimate for $ 1497 which included all subaru parts . this also included the fade in paint to extend onto the passenger door .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our 2016 honda was involved in a side impact collision . we took it to bell collision . before having it towed , i spoke to the manager to ensure they had the time to complete the job in a timely manner . seven weeks later , we received our car back . during those seven weeks , they called me once . there was zero communication . after a couple of days , it had to go back due to several issues . one issue was the alignment , which they said they corrected . needless to say , i had to take it somewhere else again to have to fixed correctly . if i could do it all over again , i would have selected a different shop and one that is n't a direct service repair shop through the insurance company .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let me tell you what these guys did for me . i crashed my car a while back and called them for a estimate . an actual technician house to give me a visual estimate on the car . it was basically estimated as more to repair than the car was worth , and the technician was very honest about that . he asked me what i planned to do , and i mentioned i had put it up on craigslist for $ 2.5k . he said that he heard of roughly the same car in the same condition going for $ 3-3.5k , and that i was selling it short . he also sent me the official estimate anyways , just in case . sure enough , i put it up for $ 3.5k and sold it in a week , for $ 1000 more than i would have otherwise . bell collision did n't get my business that day , but when the time comes i ca n't imagine going anyplace else . you guys rock .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very pleased with this place . they do exactly the work they say they will do . and the price i was charged seemed very reasonable and fair . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently i reviewed an establishment that had all 5 star reviews and it only got 2 stars from me . that will not be the case with bell collision . my car had visited a concrete pillar in a parking garage , and i took it to bell collision because they were on my insurance company 's pre-approved list and also had 5 stars on yelp . i worked primarily with mr. grant lowe who was friendly and communicative during the entire process . plus they were able to finish the repair a week sooner than estimated . this is a great operation and while i hope not to be a regular there , if i had to be a regular somewhere , this would be the place ! did i mention that the quality of their work was fantastic ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my jetta here in may after a no-fault accident and chose this body shop simply because it was closest to me . i have never used a body shop so i was n't sure of the process , but my estimator , tulio , explained everything and how it worked , and he even handled the insurance back-and-forth completely . repairs were seamless and they even fixed minor scratches on my car that were n't related to the accident . got my car back and the wheel alignment was a little off and they took the car back to correct it immediately , no questions asked . these guys are all about customer satisfaction and i would definitely trust them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you tullio , jason , and team at bell collision center ! ! they took what should 've been a frustrating situation and really one above and beyond to create a great solution for my family and i . they definitely went the extra mile , even working with the insurance company to get me a better deal and to help get the mission accomplished ! they also have a great 'text ' alert update system to keep you in the loop of the progress ... i loved it , and the frequency was perfect . they definitely treated me and my situation with some of the best customer service i 've experienced in a long time ! they are fare , honest , and priced right ( i even verified ! ) - refreshing , there 's one less stress in my life now ! thank you again - ryan & family = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very pleased with the services and staff of bell collision . they are fair and trustworthy of taking care of my car . grant helped take it an extra notch and replaced a stop light bulb . i would recommend anyone to the center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys did an incredible job ! they also detailed the inside after having my vehicle for about a week . the work was amazing and they replaced everything they needed to for me . my car was so clean and shiny and they did a phenomenal job ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for taking care of me and my vehicle even though it was 2 yrs ago the repair was made . the window on the lift gate had n't been opened since the repair . i opened it to wash it after we took a ride on the apache trail and got dust and dirt everywhere . then i could n't close it . you fixed the problem and i was on my way in less than 30 mins . awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "george ! thanks so much for taking such good care of my car and keeping in touch with me throughout the process . communication is key , and knowing where you were with the repairs was a comfort ; even though there were minor delays - it helps to be kept in the loop . the work is superior too and definitely worth the wait . this is my second experience with bell collision and both times were impressive ! i also want to appreciate the girls at the front desk ( genevieve ) ! the only thing i would suggest is buttermilk bars or old fashioned donuts and better candy in the dish ! ahah thanks again ! i 'm a fan ! boots !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "should be closed down . service is better at acme grocery store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "honestly , i just had to drop off some mail and the drive up mailboxes were great . three of them and absolutely no line . easy in and out access . what 's not to like ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's easy to gripe about the post office , but this location is fine . i find their service to be decent , but sometimes you go in and there 's a line out the door and only one person working the booth . i guess that 's just the price we pay for a postal service that has too much debt and too large retirement and pension commitments . i guess we 're lucky they have a location here at all . my wife wo n't even waste her time at the post office , she 'll go to acme , but i find this location to be fine ... if you have patience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is only 1 person during lunch and after work hours ! it 's awful . the line is always to the door . i hear there is 1 in acme but i just go to twinsburg ! speedy service there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sushi legend is an affordable and great place for ayce lunch . as i was seated down , l was given tea and two identical menus where i could write the number of how much i wanted beside the dish . all of their dishes tasted similar to any other ayce sushi restaurant . sushi legend also has refillable drinks included to the menu . their desserts were really good too , i really enjoyed their mango sago . unfortunately , like every ayce sushi restaurant , they forget to bring a few of our dishes . although , it was a good thing they did n't because we were pretty full . also , the tea tasted watered down . i really admired the interior and decor of sushi legend , especially the table we were sitting at . also , service was pretty good and all of them were pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for an ayce sushi restaurant , i was pretty content . usually the most common problem with ayce sushi places are that you end up not getting a couple of dishes that you order ( regardless of how the order was taken either it be by ipad , order sheet that you fill out or taken by a server ) , but our table of 9 got every single thing we ordered . sushi rolls were decent sized and the sashimi was n't cut too thick or too thin . the scallop sashimi was sooooooo good , had this natural sweetness to it . the only downfall to my first experience here was that we got this really weird table , it was ... like a picnic table . our food would fall `` onto the table '' only to have it fall through the cracks on the table and onto our feet pants . you 're probably thinking , `` how much food do you even drop ? ! ? are you slobs ? '' well , imagine if i spilled soup on this `` table '' , that would not end well at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just another decent all you can eat place . i 've been hearing a lot of hype about it and since their second or third store opened i decided to finally give it a try . i never have high hopes especially when it comes down to ayce . i was pretty disappointed in the service and the food . the sashimi was warm and the sushi was n't amazing either . the interior is comfy but no matter how nice a restaurant is quality in the food is important . there was nothing good in particular with the cooked food either . i would much rather go to matsuda or tenichi ! overall the best part of the meal was dessert . i really liked all the options i had for dessert and it was good . i 'm not sure would i ever come back but maybe the other location is better ? last call is at 10pm including dessert .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been here twice , once when it just opened and the food did not taste good , second time i thought i would give it another try with my family , and it was just as bad , if not worse because of the service . i was pregnant into my second trimester at the time and could not eat half the things on the menu , so i asked for the a la carte menu and they did not give it to us until half an hour later because they did not want to since there were around 10 of us and everybody else was eating buffet and we were seated at the same table . it was n't until my husband complained to the manager that they gave us the menu . after my order finally came , the waiters kept watching us to make sure i was n't eating anything from the buffet menu . overall , the food is shit , and the service is n't great so i would never come back or recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place looks pretty nice . i 'm a fan of the decor but it pretty much stops there . the menu is pretty decent , the ipad at the table for ordering is a nice touch and the food is decent . i 've definitely had worse all you can eat sushi before . that said , the service is straight up terrible . if you 're set on coming here be prepared to wait longer than reasonable and watch people who arrived after you get served before you . and just because you order something does n't mean you 'll get it . we had 3 items never come , plus our bill never came despite asking for it twice and 3 bills after ours went to their tables . i 'd have given it all 1 star but the food at least earned it an extra .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yay just as consistent as their leslie & finch location ! good service and yummy food ! only thing i can say is that it seems their layout is n't quite as great , with a lot of big tables randomly placed . but i 'm thankful for the opening of this location since its in such a convenient plaza closer to home : ) . also . they have free all you can drink soft-drinks ! ! that 's pretty awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here with my fianc\u00e9 's cousins . there 's so much to choose from with the lunch menu and it came to like 18 dollars . one unique thing is that the pop is ayce too ! the only complaint is when i ordered tiramisu it was a tiny spoonful . i had to order 4 ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 5 overall solid price for ayce sushi atmosphere : 4 5 large table and comfortable chairs , plenty of seats , well-decorated , clean than other sushi places service : 4 5 the service is nice and the food came pretty fast food : 3 5 sashimi is not fresh , special rolls for dinner are good ( i do enjoy the first two items , one is angel rolls ) . shrimp tempuras are tasty . they always miss some of your orders , so keep ordering ! price : 26 $ for weekdays dinner , same as tenichi , i prefer a la carte places since the final bills are same and they offer way better sashimi", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great sushi . great service . great quality with a large menu . if you are into ayce sushi ... this is a great place to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read the other reviews and heard from others that sushi legend was worth trying but i was very disappointed . the highly recommeded scallop sashimi was icy and bland . it tasted more like an ice cube . even their salmon sashimi was disappointing . it was n't fresh at all and looked like it 's been out for a while . cooked items like the okra and shrimp tasted more chinese than japanese , marinated heavily with soy sauce and garlic . the physical location was okay . it was spacious and servers were nice . good for large groups .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my meal at this sushi legend , although not quite as much as i liked the food at the original sushi legend . one thing that this restaurant has in its favour compared to their original restaurant , is a superior interior design and a layout that results in a better traffic flow . like the first sushi legend , you place your order on a paper menu and the staff then enters it on a computer . no mistakes were made when i was there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall the food was great . sake mussels were a favourite of mine and of course the sashimi and surf clams were awesome . sushi was good . quality was nice . just a bit of a nag though was the service in the beginning . waitresses waiters do n't even look at you to see if you need something or need to take a menu from you . had to hold up my hand for five minutes and i actually had to get up and walk towards a waitress . and she held it for another five minutes and i had to ask the manager to deal with it . all our waters were done 10 minutes in and never refilled again . a lot of hands are up asking for assistance but no acknowledgement.. i know it 's a newer restaurant because outside there was flowers saying welcome and congrats ! overall great place to eat . lots of room . beautiful place . just got ta fix the service abit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite ayce sushi with a reasonable price . service is good , food is fresh and now they have ipads to order , which is even better . i 've here more than 3 times and world definitely vi-me again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a family with two kids , we love coming this location . all the dishes are so well presented and delicious . after coming several times , my husband organized a surprise milestone birthday party with the extended family for a party of 15 . the service was spectacular and the food just keeps coming . most celebrations now take place here . totally recommend trying this restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was just here with some friends . service was garbage , i asked for water and never got it . they also tried over charging us then got mad when we confronted them . sushi was n't even that great . loblaws has better sushi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over priced for the quality they serve . maybe cuz there 's nothing good around this area people come here . nothing is authentic . their teriyaki sauce is so weird tasting . their rice is over vinegar 'd . my tongue is still stinging after drinking a whole glass of coke . thumbs down !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here twice ( commander blvd ) and i love the sunny roll , first i ordered 16 pieces of sunny roll and they brought me 4 , then i ordered another 12 and they brought me another 4 pieces , i had to complain twice for them after just to bring me another 8 ( even when i wanted more ) . then they explained to me 1 order of sunny roll is 4 pieces , i have been going to the one on ravel road for 2 years and i have never had this problem , do n't go to this location , they think customers do n't know how much pieces are per order . it 's better to order on paper ( ravel rd ) so you can write how much you actually order and write down the total amount of pieces to show that you understand .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first experience using an ipad to order in scarborough what a bonus ! lol i like this place . there 's pressed sushi here that 's lightly torched so that 's something new for me in these parts ! there 's also a taro sago dessert that i have n't seen before either . either i have n't been to enough ayce sushi spots to catch up on the new stuff or these items are reaaalllly special ! well ya got me sushi legend so you 'll see me many more times ! tatami use to be my ayce spot in scarborough but now ... # sorrynotsorry this my go-to spot now ! : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a fan indeed . pretty impressed with the service and the quality of the food . you order with the ipad . you get precise ordering this way . the dessert came with a very tiny plastic throwaway spoon ! too small for my liking . the dessert was good though . the waiting staff were pretty good . not stellar . some dishes were put on the table as if they did a drive by . the food was very fresh and came out at a steady rate . tempura batter was light and crispy and fluffy . the various flavours were pretty spot on . oh yeah , the soya sauce looked to me as if they were diluted . it was not that dark black brown that real soya sauce looks like . all in all i was pretty happy to eat here . i would defo come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a hoppin ' place . great decorations and spacious . you get to order the food off an ipad that gives both english and chinese plus pictures that are super helpful . food arrived within minutes . all of it was really fresh , especially the beef tataki . and if the order happened to be taking awhile , we asked the waitress and she would bring it right out . service is definitely fast , and we had no wait . we went on a weekday night around 6 pm . at around 8 pm , we saw there was quite a line though . id say the only thing that does n't give this quite a 5 star is that there are n't as many choices on the menu as id like , just what you 'd typically expect from any sushi restaurant plus a few extra things . other than that , a good ayce place that id come back to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been here before for lunch , and dinner kicked lunch 's butt , hands down ! the wait to get seated was reasonable considering how busy they were , and the service was on point our entire meal . it was also nice to have the manager check in and see how our meal was . speaking of meal , there are no food pics because we inhaled it all too fast . maybe i 'll snap some next time . i would recommend trying it all , but the following were our faves : beef tataki mushroom with butter angel roll sirloin with garlic grilled shrimp", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't visit toronto much so perhaps you should n't trust my review of the sushi in comparison to other places in scarborough or the greater toronto area , but good god this was the best all you can eat sushi i 've ever had in my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i got tired of going to the same sushi place . we decided to try this new `` grand opening '' sushi legend . love the food and restaurants atmosphere . great for parties , family and friends gathering . i really like their circle booth , allows you to have your own privacy . most importantly their washroom is clean , good service , amazing food and it 's less pricey than other ayce ! definitely going back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this new location is great ! service was fast , sushi was scrumptious and delicious , i 'd recommend the sushi legend roll as it was legendary , atmosphere is exquisite as long as your company is adorable in total i shall give this place 10 legends out of 10 , bone apple teet ! p.s washrooms are soooooooo nice for selfies hehe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for ayce lunch on a whim and checked in on yelp to get a small shirley temple mocktail , which was orange juice with some syrup at the bottom . very spacious restaurant and quick service even on a holiday . there was ipad ordering and everything we ordered came without error , but the roles were pretty standard . the salmon put on roles sushi was very thin . i really enjoyed the chicken wings , which were small , tasty and on a stick . i also liked the lychee yogurt and coffee pudding , which were in small cups like matsuda , but have a creamier consistency .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the restaurant is quite large and spacious . very comfortable seating . overall , the food was average . typical ayce . the only downside , they do n't have grilled salmon belly and the desserts was sub-par . the desserts are better at kaka and yamamoto .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm the type of person who repetitively revisits a new place until i find something wrong with it . i came back to legend 3 days after my first visit and there were some differences . first , i went back for the weekend menu .. and the only difference is that it includes sashimi scallop for $ 2 more . & for my family it was definitely worth it . ( but , when we put 20 ... they gave us 10 ) all of my previous reviews still holds true but there 're some slight differences . first , i realized a lot of the items we ordered do n't arrive .. at all . & then for one order , they decided to ignore all of my sushi and rolls but managed to serve all my sashimi . i loved their beef teriyaki - it was semi raw and deliciously cooked . the server also refilled my boyfriend 's drink multiple times but ignored my sister & i : ( overall , the previous review still holds true ( esp about the dessert and rolls ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in general , food can be good but if service is slow and terrible to the point where food does n't come , it 's not a restaurant worth going to again . this was the case with this new sushi legend location at brimley & huntingwood . it took more than 10 minutes after we placed our order for a plate of vegetables to come out . everything slowly came out at intervals of 3-5 minutes in between each plate . our sushi did n't come out until 30 minutes after we placed an order & even then , it was n't our full order . we came on a holiday monday around 1pm and the restaurant was quite full . any restaurant can be quick when it is n't busy but the true test is the speed and attentiveness when it is busy . in this case , sushi legend has failed . sushi and food was good overall but comparable to other ayce joints so i would rather go a place where good food comes out quickly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best ayce sushi , service is fast food is delicious servers are polite and professional . the quality of the food is always good there , especially the sake mussels . i recommend sushi legend on top of all sushi restaurant in the gta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've driven past this place several times and decided it was time to try it . i came here with a friend for lunch . nice place . very spacious , with high ceilings , nice lighting , and nice decor . ordering was done through an ipad . it was convenient , with pictures of each dish . descriptions would have been a nice touch . the food started arriving shortly after . the first couple of dishes , miso soup and salad , were quite salty but things got progressively better from there . in the end , we were happy with the food and were quite stuffed . it was all good , although nothing was outstanding . good value . rating : 3.5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quite decent and reasonably priced . i 've been here twice for ayce lunch . occasionally forgets certain items i ordered even though it 's clearly gone through on their ipad system . food is not amazing , but still decent and worth the try . would go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go to place nowadays and i 've tried many all you can eat places in pickering ajax and kingston . it has some good sushi and my favourite dish is the korean la galbi , especially because it 's offered for lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for an ayce dinner , this place is pretty decent and better than i expected coming from some random chinese spot in scarborough . on the right of this big restaurant is a big dollarama store and a big chinese supermarket . on the left is a big chinese restaurant . saying this restaurant is big might be an understatement because this place is actually big . i liked the teriyaki here . the nigiri and the maki are mostly standard stuff so that 's good . they also have oshi ( pressed ) style sushi which is my favourite kind of sushi , and i do n't see it in many ayce places . they sushi pizza is delicious , but they lacked variety in that just a bit . they torch some of their sushi so that 's cool . the hot sago desert is definitely a bonus . i may come again with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , tried many sushi resto in toronto , compare to the others all u can eat , this is my favourite one , cuz the sashimi and sushi is good , and also the bbq . i like to go to this resto as its taste is fairly good . recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these service is good the atmosphere is nice . but when it comes to sushi and other food the quality is cheap . i 'm here for lunch and it 's ayce restaurant . the fish on the sushi is so small and thin . very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "57 minute wait on a saturday night . people walking in off the street being sat before waiting customers in the lobby . not cool , but they take reso 's , good to know for next time . first time here , so we decided to let it go and see how `` good '' the sushi was and what all the hype was about . let 's just say the hype was pretty real . the sushi was all fresh . so was the rice . everything that came out sushi wise was fresh and good . things ordered off the bbq section came out hot hot hot . service was very fast and the food was almost the best i 've had for an ayce sushi joint . unfortunately they lose some stars for not having any mango ice cream on a saturday ! hoooooow ? ! that 's the best thing on the menu ! anyways . pretty good ayce . i will return . good bang for buck here . 3 5 !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lunch buffet : good fish to rice ratio . most hand rolls come in 4 or 6 . not a lot of specialty rolls . but they have eel for lunch . drinks are included in the ayce . ambience is great . buffet orders come through the ipad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is very good for ayce but the service is extremely slow and as there are other ayce at comparable prices with much better service i 'd recommend them first .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here a few times . the food was good and the staff is really friendly . the only downside is that sometimes they forget to bring you all of your food . overall great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for dinner on a thursday night and the place was packed ( thank goodness for reservations ) . we did mot gave to wait long for our 6:30 reservations which is great . service was really quick but mediocre ( typical asian restaurant service ) . food was average with some dishes better than others , and a good selection of mini desserts . i really liked beef ribs , garlic beef steak cubes , rock shrimp , soft she 'll crab roll , and my family said the sashimi was n't bad ( i do not eat raw stuff ) . prices seem higher than most ayce sushi restaurants because the drinks are included . tip : make reservations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ... ! great atmosphere & ambiance plus on top of that when you order food using a tablet as soon you sent it ... the order arrives at 10-15 mins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the better all you can eat japanese restaurants in the gta for dinner ( i 've never been to lunch ) . very spacious seating ( compared to their leslie finch location ) , simple ipad ordering system , great selection of sushi cooked food dessert . sashimi and sushi rolls are decent . cooked food is above average . dessert is quite good . good cold fountain drinks . some highly recommended items to order -beef tataki -sexy summer roll -cheese wonton -steamed egg -sizzling flouder -for dessert : mango yogurt , custard cream , lychee yogurt , creme brulee great ayce place if you are in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our first time to sushi legend . when we got here around 6:30pm ( made reservations ) on a long weekend it was n't packed . we got our seats immediately . ordering food on a tablet was easy . like that the sashimi pieces were in order of increments of 1 piece . the sashimi was very good . the beef tataki and beef short ribs were yummy . love the okras and mushrooms- were cooked with butter and garlic . the beef roll wrapped in green onion was dry and seemed over cooked . soft drinks were included . the usual soft drink choices . the only thing we did n't like were the sushi rolls . they were on the bland side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here a few times and the service seem to be getting worse . first time service was fast and servers were nicer ... but last time they were slow and kept on omitting some items . the servers started just putting stuff on random corners of the table were you could n't reach ( basically , they just dump the food on the table without consideration of the diners ) . i think they do n't have enough menu choices and all the maki rolls seems to taste the same..bland . quite disappointed overall .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of the best sushi places by far . what separates these guys from everyone else is the service . the manager who wears the dress shirt is always accommodating and professional . i do n't like my sushi or meats with any sauce they accommodated all my needs . with a smile and no fuss . this place beats sushi caca . will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for dinner with a friend , very busy had to wait 20 mins to get seated and had to share a table , which i do n't mind but they kept mixing up which party ordered what which was understandable . ipads for ordering is awesome but none of the food really surprised me here , typical ayce sushi that we challenge ourselves to eat as much as possible , only plus is that its not too far from my home and they bring the food out quickly . basic ayce spot but will return", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went for lunch . used yelp check in and got a welcome mocktail . food selections are normal , nothing outstanding and `` all you can drink '' must be order by telling the server . service are slow . many orders did n't show up and have to re-order after 30 mins of waiting . lunch price was $ 18.95 + hst . tips was not included in the bill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best sushi places in scarborough . my picks are enoki beef roll , spicy salmon , mango yogurt , sizzling flounder , shrimp , and some of the other items in their menu . you order using an ipad so you wont need to wait for a server if you need to order more . washrooms are clean and the place is pretty busy which means fresher food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for lunch buffet today . the restaurant is nicely decorated and tables are well spaced out . we were given 2 sheets to fill out our orders on . we placed our first order and i think every dish came . the place was n't very busy though , maybe only a third full . the food is not bad for an ayce buffet . we liked everything . only bad dish was the breaded chicken cutlet , it was way overcooked , dry and too thin . the service is really great here , all wait staff are smiling and say you 're welcome ( in both chinese and cantonese ) . truly remarkable to have trained such nice staff ( shows that it can be done ) . i would definitely return here , i have been to their other location , which is much further away for me . only bad point is that the desserts are lacking here but i only get a green tea ice cream , and they offer that here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent food nothing special ... order through ipad all you can eat sushi . the service is n't there ... .do n't ask for anything as they wo n't do anything . took about 15-20 mins for our food to come . so make sure you order ahead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is no service\uff01i have waiting15 min to seat , waiting 20 min get my desert ! no server clean up our table !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food and service was pretty good . they forgot several items during the second round so that does explain the lack of stars . the cheese wontons i ordered looked fairly stingy in size , so portions were alright , nothing amazing . overall , okay place for lunch , would n't say that for dinner though since forgetting items is inexcusable , especially with an ipad system . i would come again , in hopes that they would n't forget certain dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a brand new sushi restaurant that just opened a few days ago . the service was excellent , the place looks great and inviting as well . my brother and i tried the volcano roll which tasted amazing ! the ayce weekend lunch costed about $ 16.95 , it was definitely worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is pretty spacious and has comfortable seating but the food is awful . the sashimi is n't fresh at all , the sauce they use is weird . nothing taste particularly good , overall bad quality ingredients and no cooking skills . i bit into piece of metal , and told the waitress , she just said its from the kitchen cleaning tools like it 's totally normal . the floor in front of the sushi bar is very slippery . overall bad food and below average customer service . not coming back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for lunch a few days after they opened . i used to go to the leslie and finch location , but that place is overcrowded and lacks parking . so i figured i would try this new location . the decor is great , very open and modern . also we were the only customers at the time , so the service was fast ... really fast . the waitresses were great , and talkative , which usually do n't see at such places . they have a quite a large selection of foods to choose from , and everything is really good . would def visit this place again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place gali so much . sashimi is fresh ! fast ! nice staff . great service ! good price ! i go there few times a month !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty decent ayce in scarborough . order is through the ipad so they will not so the standard ignore your ass after an hour of eating . food is consistent and will give you the quantity you ordered . they served everything from chinese , japanese to korean . pop is included as well . there are plenty of servers around so food gets out quick . very helpful servers and cheerful people . prices are pretty standard from other ayce places . plenty of parking in the plaza , i would park a little further as plenty of asian drivers around . have gone back twice already . give a try if you feel like ayce sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible service . small portions . very slow at bringing food out . getting confused with our orders . not worth your money !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the better ayce sushi places in the gta . the blowtorch salmon and tuna was tasty . everything was very freash , quality was good . would recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there with a group , the wedding soup was ok ... nothing special . the chicken aka angel was bad , sauce is a thick , white , and tasteless on a similarly tasteless chicken . some of our group got steak , however i did not see anyone finishing off their entree which sort of tells me their dish wash bad . i would have given one star but i did love the angel parfait so ill add another star for the dessert . the view is great , but i would have just gone to the observatory and buy food somewhere else . definitely not worth the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped here for a byte to eat with about 8 people . they would not let us in because our children are under 6 . honestly , i have never heard of such a policy . i believe they have the right to refuse service to people , heck ill take my $ 100 to someone that wants it , but this seemed kind of silly and mostly rude . i could see not allowing children under 21 , maybe 18 ... but what is so magical about six and under ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately this place has past it 's time , once a pittsburgh gem has become tarnished by not entertaining the fresh new way higher end eatery 's cater to there clientele . there ship has sailed , but i guess they have n't realized it yet because they still bring that monstrosity out after your first course . no longer a classy place , the wait staff just seem to fake it and hope you do n't complain about the meal . there are too many things to list about this place that are negative , bottom line just do n't go . trust the majority they are probably right . here 's the breakdown . atmosphere=3 location=5 service=1 food=2", "score": "1"}
{"review": "basically a `` meh '' meal that you are paying a ton of money for the view ( which you wo n't actually know the price of the meal until the bill arrives , no prices on menu ) . microwaved baked potatoes and just `` ok '' steaks . too pretentious and with numerous new restaurant choices in pittsburgh i would say skip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "steak over cooked when it arrived , the food was good and the view was great . but the wait staff need to be a bit happier", "score": "2"}
{"review": "incredible view , average food and service . i went here for a work function and was truly impressed by the view ; nothing else was as impressive . the food was average , the service was slow and the decor was old . it goes to show you that sitting on mt washington does n't mean your restaurant rocks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place looks like you just stepped back into 1975 , but the food was excellent . as an appetizer i had the garlic bread soup . it was hot and delicious . very unique and definately something that i would like to have again . the complimentary relish boat with clam dip was a nice touch . everything was fresh and tasty . for my entree , i ordered the seafood platter which i thought was a little pricy at $ 75 , but it was worth every penny . the seafood was cooked perfectly . my wife had chicken stuffed with a cheddar filling that she said was very good . dessert is included with dinner and was also very good . the only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is because the server was n't great . she did what she was supposed to but had no personality and made us feel a little uncomforatble . other than that the night was great . good food with a great view of pittsburgh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the view and atmosphere were incredible . main course was perfect but the predetermined starters were not the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to tin angel and not disappointed . the beef medallions were done to perfection and the seafood platter was delicious . the service was a little slow but we did n't mind and enjoyed the spectacular view . i understand why there is a policy for not serving families with kids 6 and under . i would not want to pay the prices and have to listen to screaming unruly kids , and yes i have two grandkids ages 4 and 6 and would not consider taking them to this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had been here 20 years ago and had a wonderful experience . i decided to hold my parent 's 50th wedding anniversary here after speaking with them and explaining what i wanted to do . i am out of state and the staff was so very helpful and kind . they offered really good advice during the planning and were so helpful to make sure the event went perfectly . the food was terrific and the view spectacular ! my only complaint would be that there was too much liquor in the tin angel parfait . the staff was attentive but not intrusive . i would definitely recommend this restaurant for dinner or small parties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our wedding dinner reception here on october 11 , 2014 . i could not have ever asked for a better venue ! ! ! the service and food completely exceeded our expectations . food , food , and more food ! ! ! the views were amazing ! our dream come true ! diane and her staff were so accommodating ! thank you , tin angel ! ! ! the repniks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tin angel is one of the best on mt . washington . it 's a nice atmosphere and the staff is great ! the food has never been bad in the many years i 've been dining there . people are caught up in a name when it comes to mt . washington and it 's neighbor to the right is just that , a name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "25 years ago , this may have been a great restaurant . i do n't think the menu has changed since then . that may have also been when they prepared the `` fresh '' vegetable boat . while the view was great , it is one that can be found in any of the upscale restaurants on mt washington . unfortunately , they could n't seat us for the 7:00 reservations that we requested . oddly , we were the only ones there at 7:30 . not a good sign on a friday night ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "views are phenomenal ! the service is fantastic . it 's not your usual fine dining , do it is n't fair to judge or review by that standard . six of us dined here and had a wonderful night . we ordered from a four course prix fixe menu and service was slower , but not in a bad way . we were definitely wined and dined , which made for a perfect evening of catching up . i also find the gentleman 's review about the age limit rather enjoyable . i love children and do not mind being around them if they are well behaved . but there are certain times where i make an effort to enjoy an adult evening out where i plan on drinking and spending a lot of money on a very enjoyable evening and would prefer it to be kid-less . the interior is definitely dated and it 's pretty pricey . but totally worth it for the views ad experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife had been to the tin angel previously and enjoyed it . this was my first visit . it is an upscale event . great view , no kids , and attentive service . my porterhouse was well aged and well prepared . my wife shared her chicken with a friends filet and both enjoyed the meals . i do n't care for no prices on the menu however i understand . the bill was actually less than expected but not cheap . a pleasant surprise was a pirates fireworks show .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this family owned restaurant has been in business since the 1950s , but the decor does n't reflect it . very contemporary , modern and worthy of the fantastic pittsburgh skyline . as a visitor to the city , i really appreciated what must be the best view in the city . it is a contemporary menu that has some innovative creations . i enjoyed the black forest filet , a 12 oz filet mignon with roasted black cherries inside the butterfly fold . dessert menu was very good but do n't leave without trying the baklava , baked by the owner 's mother . it does n't get much more authentic than that . wait staff very professional and helpful , with good knowledge of the menu . would repeat in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i happened to find out about camp bow wow when our family was going on vacation , needless to say almost 3 years later , our dog has become one of the regulars . picture a playground , or dog hangout for your dog . our dog loves the social interaction he gets from the other dogs , and the friendly counselors . the camp video cameras let you check in on your dog while he 's playing , and it can become addicting to log in , and watch dogs on camera . they even offer dog baths , and nail trims . the staff are friendly , and keep you informed of your dog if an issue arises , which has happened with our dog on one occasion . we feel very comfortable leaving our dog at camp , and are happy there 's an alternative to old fashioned kennels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been taking max to camp bow wow pittsburgh south since it opened . the staff is amazing and so personable . everyone always remembers his name ! the facility is always spotless . i love the webcams so i can check in on max once in awhile . prices are reasonable and the hours for pickup and drop-off are perfect for us . i recommend them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only is the facility always clean , the staff is always welcoming , provide feedback on how our dog did , and is always willing to accept our dog regardless of reservations being made or not .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so thankful for camp bow wow south . i just moved up here from south carolina and the move was made so much easier with not only their help but their love for my babies as well . their hours are convenient , i love that they have half day pricing ! camp bow wow south has been very understanding and accommodating with helping us settle in to the south hills . we have used camp bow wow in several states and by far this has been the best one . you can see they honestly and genuinely care about the animals trusted to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is amazing . i know that my daisy is as well taken care of at cbw as she is at home . the staff is so caring and loving with her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using cbw for six years and would n't go anywhere else . the staff are always friendly and accommodating , the facility is always clean , and we love the camper cams ( especially the new platform which allows us to watch on our android phones ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place for your dog to just spend the day running around with other dogs or you need over night accommodations for your furry friend , camp bow wow is the perfect place . our dog missy was their first foster dog and she still loves spending time there . it is so clean and the staff cares for her like she is their own pet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is awesome and they love our dog ! clean and caring ... .and shiner loves to go to camp ! great job camp bow wow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about this place . they 're amazing when it comes to customer service and taking care of our `` little louie '' ! we feel very comfortable leaving him there for the day and over night . he is always so excited when we pull into their parking lot . the hours are perfect for our work schedules and they 're always able to squeeze louie in for daycare . thank you so much for taking such great care of our dog ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using camp bow wow for over 7 years . i have always felt like family . everyone who works there knows my dogs names and are always so happy to see them . if there has ever been a health issue or problem they have always taken the time to let me know . i would recommend using camp bow wow for anyones dogs boarding needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dog loves to be dropped off here , a relief after he cowered at drop-off at a former kennel we used . the dogs play together in large rooms and a few smallish outdoor areas . and there are `` camper cams '' that let you check on your dog playing on-line . the staff are very nice and clearly all animal lovers . they offer baths , and will bathe your dog just before leaving so he she comes home smelling nice . the also offer the required kennel cough vaccine right on-site . fyi , if it is your first time boarding , you will have to get the vaccine more than a week before boarding . then the later boosters can be done at the time of boarding . the downside is price . $ 40 per night or $ 37 night for a full week or more . that does not include a bath ( which your dog will need ) . day camp is slightly cheaper . it also would be nice to have a larger outdoor play area , but that is probably just not possible in that location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great staff , clean safe environment , reasonable rates my dog ca n't wait to get there and is happy . that says it all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bella loves going to camp bow wow . she is so excited when we tell her she is going to '' doggie day care '' . when she comes home she is ready for a nap or bed . we love camp bow wow because we know bella is going to be safe and well taken care of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i cant say enough good things about the south camp bow wow . i love that we could watch our dog socialize with other dogs while we were away and that they are closely supervised . there is a huge difference in my dog 's demeanor compared to when we picked her up from the former `` kennel '' she went to . this time , she was her happy content self , and i never saw her so happy when watching her on my phone while i was out of town . the staff seems very nice and dog-loving : ) we already booked a future stay for our doggie and being that she was treated so well , we cant wait to bring her back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love taking our girl gracie to camp bow wow . all of the staff enjoys seeing her and from what i see all of the dogs that come in . i enjoy checking in on her during the day and also the way the staff is available to keep any of the dogs from getting aggressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very personal : the staff knew charlie and i on the first day we came in for daycare . i also appreciated the report card and new camper discounts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only place i have found that i would leave my small dog . they have a teacup room just for the little ones that is warm and clean . the staff are friendly and you can watch your dog on the cameras at any time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my dog loves camp bow wow . as soon as we pull into the parking lot his tail starts happily thumping against the seat . he ca n't even wait for the car door to open before his bounding toward camp . the staff is super friendly and helpful . i love how they treat my pup like he is their own . they even send him home with a puppy report card to let you know his activities for the day and how he behaved . at the end of the day when we pick our happy camper up he is typically exhausted and that makes for a good night of sleep for everyone . i have also used them for boarding and it was the greatest experience . i swear my dog did n't want to leave when i came to pick him up . he just loves playing with the other dogs all day . i can not recommend camp bow wow enough ! ! ! they are a much needed break for the dog and me ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the meatball sub is the best i have had in a long time . i also was talked into the smokehouse brisket and it was amazing . the problem here is they only have one register open at lunch time and are n't staffed to open another one . lunch is a timed thing for me as i have to get back to the grind . help us out and hire another person stat ! ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have lived in the valley for over 15 years , and alumni of asu , and i just enjoyed firehouse subs for the first time . the sub i had was amazing , i encourage you to try their smoked turkey breast sub . the franchise owner , john and linda , came over to our table to ensure that we were satisfied . their customer service was exceptional . the down to earth owners , along with the franchise give them a lot back to the community . i was hesitant at first because i thought mill was crowded in that parking would be a pain . i was very wrong , as there was plenty of parking pacifically for firehouse subs directly behind the shop . i will be back and i encourage everyone else to as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just stopped in after work , i e heard good things so far . i ordered a large italian and it is delicious . among most sub places they only offer chips as a side . a pasta or garden salad would be a nice healthy touch but no big deal . large sub and a bottle of water for 12 $ , pretty steep but definitely worth it for a splurge ... good job guys !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so after always seeing fire house bar and wishing it was this place they finally opened here . they have great subs i prefer the ny steamer . medium is about $ 6 and combo about $ 8 . served with a pickle and deliciousness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a great atmosphere and i felt very welcomed when i came in for lunch today . all of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful . i would definitely recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a delicious and quick lunch to satisfy their midday craving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at this firehouse . i placed an online order ( first time doing that ) and the mobile site was n't friendly at all , so i switched to desktop mode and it worked fine . i ordered the steamer - tough to go wrong with corned beef and pastrami . even tho i ordered all the regulars plus banana peppers , they only put on the peppers , so it was very dry . unfortunately i was at work and had no condiments . not much parking around the place tho but they get a lot of walk-ins . the bread was fresh , which is always dicey on take out , since it 's too late to argue once you get back home to work . but it was very good , toasted and soft . the meat was good but , as i said , needed the requested mayo . all in all , firehouse usually puts out good food . a bit lacking today .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my first time here and i loved it ! staff at this location is so wonderful and helpful . the italian sub was put together perfect and the kind employee noticed we were sharing and split it for us into separate baskets . love it but parking is confusing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been wanting to try a firehouse sub since they seem to be popping up everywhere and i pass by them pretty regularly . finally did and i was n't disappointed . tried the pastrami and meatball subs and both were excellent . will definitely be hitting them up again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like firehouse 's subs a lot , but my experience at this location has been pretty bad . during my most recent visit i was treated poorly by the staff . i walked in a little after 7 on a thursday night and all of the employees were hanging out in the back room . i stood there waiting and one of the guys saw me and put his indexing finger up motioning for me to wait . he the impatiently walked over and grabbed one of his female coworkers and told her to help me . good food . bad vibes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i seem to agree with some that the sandwiches are great but the service can be off-putting . every time i order they always want to make sure i 'm ok with what comes on it `` so you 're ok with the honey mustard then ? '' or this one - `` would you like to donate to a charity ? '' stop asking me questions , let me slide my card , and start making the sandwich i ordered please . one other mild nuisance ( they add up ! ) is that sometimes you need a key to use the restroom and sometimes you do n't . huge bonus imo are the pickles they serve with your sandwich , very tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time here , the bread they use on the sandwiches is amazing . ordered the veggie , not the best tasting but could tell the ingredients were good quality", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we really really really need a firehouse sub in the tacoma puyallup area ! very good subs , and they are on my short list of national sub chains i like ( firehouse , quiznos and jersey mikes ) they beat subway and jimmy johns hands down ! prices might be a little higher then subway , but they are not skimpy on the meats ! i really like the idea of the coke freestyle machine there , specially since i dont like coke , but there is plenty of options in that machine that is good , including a cherry limeade one there is highly recommended to try if you come here ! the service here is very friendly , and prompt ! and they are diffidently a place i like going to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the subs . hate the service . took 25 minutes to get our food . i 've gotten faster service at a sit down restaurant . do n't come here if you are in a hurry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i decided to try this restaurant with my family due to a family member recommendation . it was terrible ! soaking with oil , the bread was inedible . i asked for certain items to be left off of the sub , and i was told they come as they are . you ca n't have the kind of cheese you want , or the condiments that you want or even the size you want . these sandwiches are made only one way , and if you ask for something different , it blows their minds !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after hearing the commercial a 100th time on the radio i decided to finally try this place . first impression was the shitty attitude of the girl working the register . when i finally got my club sub i was really unimpressed . i wo n't be coming back anytime in the future . there 's way better options in tempe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located in what feels like the `` hood '' with gangbanger type cars going back and forth on the road to the east . gates are locked , so if your ball goes over you 're screwed . courts have some of the most annoying backstops you 've ever heard - if a serve goes long and makes it to the back fence backstop ... then bam . court lights are somewhat poor as well , with inconsistent visibility . being on the center of 3 courts is best , but otherwise there are blind spots and lobbing has an undeserved advantage here at night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "update review-they updated courts ... about time . they are very nice now . however they need lights in parking lot so people do n't get carjacked ! not safest of neighborhood and zero security . also pro shop is below avg and locker rooms are gross . saw huge cockroach", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the phoentix tennis center ! tons of great tennis ... but a warning to those who play there ... please do not leave anything in your car . the area look sweet and nice , but there are some criminals around the neighborhood who can really reek havoc on your car and valuables ( credit cards ) . please use this facility , but take every thing in with you : ) a lover of the game of tennis and a victim .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "centrally located in phoenix proper . this facility is easy to get to from hwy 17 off of bethany home and is close to a hospital , just in case you have a 'thumper ' while working on your strokes ! -- -- lol it has 22 lighted courts , locker room facilities , tennis shop , tennis professionals ( for hire ) , and hitting backboards . to rent a court day or night , the costs are very reasonable ... i use the backboards for free a lot to work out . the courts are in good shape and well kept up , but i give it four stars because the backboard area is in need of resurfacing and repair . they have stringing for your racket ( on site ) , and provide private tennis lessons for a fee . there are tournaments there frequently , and so for you venturing types , you might be able to connect in a little competition !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "want to walk up and play a cheap game or two of tennis ? this is your place . if you 've got your own gear it 's less than a couple bucks for an hour of play . not too shabby for nice courts .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had poor experiences with the front desk workers . my first time going here i tried to make a court reservation two days in advance and the lady who answered the phone condescendingly told me they only take reservations 24hrs in advance and she would n't even tell me what courts were available . another time i tried asking another worker at the front desk to explain to me what type of programs the place offered and he just brushed me off and pointed to some pamphlets . not helpful at all . the courts lighting are adequate but i 'd rather go to other tennis centers that have better customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good : 22 courts , backboards , big pro shop , cold beverages , ice cream , nice clean bathrooms , nice people work there . bad : pro shop seems to only carry women 's clothes and old old school mens cloths , the lights are the second worse in the valley ( after indian school park ) i have never paid for courts because i play on a league so i dont know about the rates . the courts were clean and well kept .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the new tennis courts are almost done . they look really nice and the lights are a lot better now for playing tennis in the evenings . nicest public courts i 've seen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a recently renovated facility . state of the art . new courts . great lights . helpful staff . great people . relaxed environment . by far the best tennis deal in the valley for players at any level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! the courts are almost finished and looking great . after the courts are done , it 's going to be the best place in arizona . they have great junior programs and their staff is well educated . the only problem is the lights by the parking lot , but other than that this place deserves 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a nice older area . they are redoing it in the next year . people are super nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a little too pricey in my opinion and the employee was n't too friendly . i came here this past weekend for a singles match and i paid $ 8 . usually tennis centers only charge $ 4 per court ! but the facilities are nice and it looks like they just re-did the court which is pretty nice . there 's also a little shop where you can buy some tennis outfits , hat , racket , etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these courts are beautiful and the lights are the best . other city-owned facilities such as indian school park and scottsdale ranch park , do n't even compare . ptc 's courts are beautifully maintained and in top notch shape .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do yourself the favour and head to mucho burrito in st.laurent or vaudreuil , they just do it better and fresher than here . was not impressed , can not see myself returning , mucho burrito has spoiled me for good counter service mexican food", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a fan of their burritos , and they have decent tacos . i came here to say the only thing worth getting on the menu is the salad , fresh , delicious , served with guacamole in a tortilla bowl ! absolutely worth it . everything else is mediocre . go for the salad ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am from the states and i enjoy chipotle from time to time . i find quesada as good if not better . i am impressed with the food and the ambiance . it is also a very clean place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to quesada with some friends to try it out . the place is very nice and the staff seems rather nice and attentive . the food is very spicy so i warn those that take the spicy sauces and meat . overall , i 'm definitely going back to quesada . the food was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "compared to other `` similar '' build your own burrito places . it was n't great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ordered a burrito 12 inch for $ 9.19 tax included and i specified that i have medical conditions not to put hot sauce i wanted mild sauce . i ordered to go when i got home to eat it the sauce was extra hot barely can even take the first bite . it went in the garbage . very disappointed and that 's an understatement . i 've been eating burritos all over this continent for the past 15 years and i rate this for the price very poor in quality and very soggy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried the fish taco , great flavors pico was spicy everything tasted great and is a great place for a bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i truly love the place , the decor is colourful and fun to be around and the food is amazing . i 've been going there at least once every week or 2 and every bite is always delicious . the staff is extremely nice and friendly and the prices are reasonable . i would maybe accelerate the waiting time but apart from that quesada is definitely the place to go for a good meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad place for a fast food mexican place . but do n't get me wrong , it 's not the real deal . but it 's ok for a quick bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while the food was fine and actually pretty good overall in value when i order a meal i expect them to make it . i ordered the roasted veggie burrito and was told it would take a few minutes . no prob . husband ordered his we get to the case and then when i say i 'm waiting on mine the people are baffled like i never had the conversation . they were very nice and apologetic but it was obvious they are lacking in training . i also am not a big fan of calling anything on a menu `` big ass '' . rude and unnecessary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheap gas , although i do n't usually fill up here . i was pretty down on the place for a while . i have never had any work done here . it seems to be a revolving door of mechanics . they have done a bad job on a friend 's brakes among other things . however , on the way to a bar last week , it was discovered that my friend 's tire was flat and he was riding rim . we left his car parked on jefferson , recovered it in the morning . a guy at the bar recommended tire guy , on 37th and lorain . i told my friend to go here because it was convenient and cheap . $ 10 for a tire plug , and the friend got to drive back to columbus without any problem ! i would n't get any real work done here though . find a hillbilly that would do it for you on the side of the street or in his garage . if you walk around the neighborhood and ask , you will find one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "right around the corner from my house . ill use it in a pinch . they are hardly ever open and it takes forever to get your gas pumped ( they wont let ya pump , pump , pump your own ) ! i wouldnt recomend getting a car fixed their either ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "jay has been cutting , coloring and styling my hair for six years now . she is brilliant and suggests new and fresh ideas for me . she always listens to what i want also . she keeps my look updated and gorgeous ! she is personable and so talented . i will follow her where ever she goes ! i 'll never let anyone but jay touch my hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess is amazing ! ! ! her color is exceptional - i went from a bland brunette to a brunette with pretty caramel ombr\u00e9 highlights . i was nervous about lightening my locks because i did it once before and it wrecked my fine thin hair . but jess is a pro and my hair feels healthier than it did before . i also had her put in extensions for a wedding . she matched and arranged them to bring out and compliment my color and it looks fabulous . she is fun to chat with and has a great feel for what style color is most flattering with your face shape , complexion , and style . i am totally going to go for some more highlights after this wedding and jess is great with those more unconventional and trendy color combos . i ca n't wait ! the location at sola salon is super convenient and she has her own studio space in the building . she is great and i ca n't recommend her more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess has brought me back to life ! ! ! my hair looks and feels so great every time and each time is more amazing that the last . i decided i wanted a change and chopped off all my hair and was so worried it would look like a hot mess and it still looked great thanks to her . the color she does is fantastic . the colors are so rich and bright and my hair feels so soft . the colors also last a long time at least for me . she 's so creative with her work and she 's really easy to talk to . i 'll honestly let her do anything because i know it will be great . i 'm moving to chicago soon and i might have to bring her with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw jess today after not getting a haircut for close to a year and she was amazing ! definitely my favorite haircut i 've ever gotten ! i would recommend her to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am from hyderabad and know what authentic hyderabadi biryani tastes like . this is definitely the place , in cleveland . my fav was the goat biryani and mirchi ka salan was on point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "possibly the best and most authentic hyderabadi dum biryani in all of cleveland . i have found places like this when i travel , but never in cleveland . we finally have a great biryani place here ! the veg biryani is served with a wedge of lime and raw onion , and the flavors are so so excellent . if you truly love indian food , this should be your next meal out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "catering and buffet do n't match at all . buffet was nice but when we ordered food for catering the food was not at all up to the mark especially chicken biryani .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is awesome ! attentive and great service . i 've tried the weekend buffet , the two things that stood out are ginger chicken and double ka meetha . also tried the chicken biryani on a weekday night and i 'd strongly recommend it for all those who love the authentic flavor of the biryani . this place is a great addition to the mayfield area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has many indian curry that is as good as the biryani . i had andra chicken curry with extra spice and was good . we had tangdi kababs that was simply amazing and a must try . this place will not disappoint you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wait is over for biriyani lovers in oh ... ..i use to travel all the way to new jeresy to have a spicy hyderabadi biriyani now i can have it whenever i crave for it . `` best place to eat biriyani ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good chain indian food . however unlike most national chains the menu varies from one location to another . for instance in malvern pa , hakka noodles is not on the menu . the biryanis are excellent as is the rest of the menu . the service is a work in progress . cash payment is a 5 % discount .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was missng hyd a lott ! that is wen i found this place.. i may not have haleem in india.. but thnks to paradise biriyani pointe ! finally hd haleem in ramzan . taste was really awsum.. yummy.. i wld love to recomnd this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . missed a star because their spice levels are a little inconsistent and they seem to be a little under staffed even though they are attentive . food is good and also i feel good after eating unlike in other indian joints . food seems to be freshly cooked and not reheated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "paradise is the closest any restaurant has come in the cleveland area at creating indian dishes with authentic flavor profiles . the lunch buffet has a generous yet reasonable variety of entrees , salads and desserts . it stays true to its name and makes the best hydrebadi dum biryani ( i 've tried the goat and chicken ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great addition to the hillcrest area restaurant scene ! the location is convenient and inviting with lots of parking and comfortable seating . the menu offers many selections with many vegetarian and meat lover choices . the cauliflower appetizer was delicious and the chicken tika masala and eggplant dishes were excellent with many levels of flavors . the food is all made fresh and to-order , so do n't come expecting a quick bite . allow time and enjoy the excellent variety of tasty indian dishes . the naan is moist , crisp and awesome ! will definitely return to explore other menu options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a good desi place . looked at the reviews and decided to try the dam briyani at biryani pointe . excellent decision ! i tried the goat biryani and got double ka meetha for desert . loved both of them . their serving are larger than what i am used to eating so for someone who eats little the serving would be good enough for two . highly recommend it and would definitely be coming again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danielle cain was such an amazing professional to work with from beginning to end . amazing communication , follow up , and promptness during our back and forth planning my engagement party . staff was on time , professional , and made it look like there was never a party by the time they left ( house was spotless ) . danielle stayed until the very end and even put on a chef 's coat and was helping in the kitchen , which , as a coordinator , is totally above and beyond the call of duty . food was fantastic . would hire them again and work with danielle again in a heartbeat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks so much to lindsay for excellent customer service when gift cards went missing in the mail ! good food and good people as well . really appreciate it ! mahalo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love big burrito . they catered my wedding and were fantastic . caroline was our main contact . she really listened to what we wanted , worked within our price range , and had great ideas . she returned phone calls promptly and communicated well with all of our vendors . the wait staff provided impeccable service . the food looked and tasted great . need i say more ? we still stay in touch even after my wedding is over !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big burrito catered my wedding ; i ca n't say enough good things . amanda was our contact and she always available . everyone commented on our wedding food being the best they have ever had . i would recommend to everyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they catered our wedding , and the food was exceptional -- an uncommonly well executed catered meal , and they worked with us extensively to create a seasonal menu in pittsburgh in the winter , no small feat . the service at the event was terrific as well . some of the communication leading up to the event left a bit more to be desired . there was a fair bit of unnecessary back and forth , extra work for us in the final days because they missed things or told us one thing and told the venue another , having to ask the same question several times to get an answer , small details that were off at the event ... still five stars , however ; the food and the day-of service were that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my choice for lunch to go last wednesday . i have been in this location at least a dozen times . it always seems to be pretty busy ( and noisy ) . today i chose the sweet fire chicken and the honey walnut shrimp , both items are not on their standard menu . as usual i got the chow mein with mine , it is easier to eat with chop sticks than rice . the food and service were fine and i was definitely full when finished .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "panda express hit the spot . i was undecided about what to fix for dinner . i made an appetizer while i pondered on what else to fix . husband and panda express to the rescue . for under $ 30 , hubby brought home 3 bowls and 1 plate . plate was filled with orange chicken , lo mein and fried rice . the orange chicken was tangy . the lo mein and fried rice was passable . i enjoyed the teriyaki fried rice . the chicken was nicely caramelized . finally , the beijing beef had great texture and was well seasoned . if i had to order a meal for myself . it would be the beijing beef , tender and flavorful . thank you panda express and loving husband .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visit this panda express quite often being that it 's very close to the house . for healthy eaters they have some pretty good options . my go to is always the chicken teriyaki but without the sauce . it 's my favorite protein of choice but the chicken and mushroom is another favorite of mine . they also have the option for brown rice which is always nice because most places do n't have that option . the lines are fairly long but it goes by quick . i 've only dined in once and it was pretty clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slow service ! ! ! ! ! every time i go to this location it 's slow ! most times the portions are skimpy ! i have noticed that a few of the hispanic workers seem to give larger portions if the customer is also hispanic . this is an observation after dozens of visits here my son loves panda . the food is good however service stinks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast , convenient , chinese fast-food in the middle of phoenix . this location receives a tremendous amount of traffic , but rarely runs out of food ( causing a delay ) . have rarely seen the place dirty , and have never had to wait more than 10 minutes.. all in all , a great , quick stop for orange chicken !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is just below standards . employees really hate their jobs and people . there that little old hispanic old lady , shes just rude and i do n't think she knows how to smile . theres is always a humongous line and its because 2 or 3 employees man everything . they need two cashiers not 1 and more than one person in each side of the serving station . i have saved time by ordering online . but the issue is that both times the containers have a lot less servings than if you were there being served in person . almost like they do it on purpose because you ordered online . i would skip this panda and go elsewhere . not worth waiting their ling lines and dealing with their rude employees . p.s - two packets of hot sauce for 2 plates is not enough but the sure think so here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible customer service and poor food quality . although we did get fresh walnut shrimp but only after the cook had an attitude and bumpin gums under his breath.. maybe if they stay doing his job keeping fresh food on display he wouldnt have time for all the tude . i manage fast food restaurant and that work staff would be unacceptable , i would be embarrassed . will never go back as i would not recommend it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food . okay service . every time i 've been here it gets busy at different times and hours during the day even at night when they are about to close . i do n't know why this place is always packed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3 stars because i just love panda , but this location is way too slow . every time i come here there is always 2 people working the whole area and the line is so long we have to stand by people while they eat . i live in walking distance from here and when i see more than 5 people in line i pass because it could take over half an hour to get to the register . i 've passed on eating here over a dozen times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like panda express in general - it is some of the better `` chain '' asian food in my opinion . but after eating here today for lunch , i got a really hard msg crash . my coworker reported the same thing . the only thing that will really make me crash hard like this and desperately want a nap is msg . service was really slow today ( monday @ lunch ) . i had went to this location about a week ago on a saturday and service was much better , and no msg crash . i 'm sure panda express will deny they use msg , but i 'm certain they do . my favorite dishes are : the veggie spring rolls and the beijing beef , though i think the spring rolls might be the msg culprit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is n't bad , but every time i go , the service is so slow . i 'll be 3rd or 4th in line and it will take me 20-25 minutes to get through to pay . you would think when you have a line of 20+ people you would try to hustle .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible , greasy food . it 's offensive to call this chinese food . the only good thing i can say is it 's cheap and fast . do yourself a favor and avoid this franchise and find a local mom and pop chinese restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yum ! it was great customer service we received . this has got to be the only panda express with a giant logo ! i already had panda express like a thousand times so it 's nothing unique from my taste bud . ( i used to work at panda ) the food came out fresh and the place was really clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst panda ever . do n't go here . i ordered the broccoli beef and got food poisoning the broccoli had gone bad and was black in some areas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoy stopping by after shooting hoops sunday nights . the store is well ran . clean store , fast service . no surprise that they have a line to the door at 9 pm on sunday nights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is always popping ! they always have all of the entr\u00e9es readily accessible and the flavor is always good . when i 'm on the westside , this is a great place to come for a quick casual meal . the service is pumped into the point not overly friendly though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here the other night looking for some innocent fun ... was n't expecting much from the outside of the place . when we walked in , it looked a little cheesy , but the staff was wonderful and very friendly . the course was actually a lot of fun ! the whole 3d aspect of it makes it way different than any other mini golf ! we had the whole course to ourselves which was nice because we did n't feel rushed and could enjoy all the 3d obstacles ! all in all , i thought this place was way better than king putt , and that is a lot closer to my apt ... but i would totally pick this place over that any day ! a lot of fun", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i gave these people a star is because i did n't have the option to give them `` zero '' starts . my mom and i scheduled a birthday party for my little brother here about a month ago . she gave them a `` non-refundable '' deposit the day we scheduled the party of $ 160 . the party was for july 5th , 2014 at 4:00 pm , when we arrived at the location , their doors were locked , their `` open '' sign was turned off and nobody was there . we waited approximately 45 minutes with all of our guests waiting in the parking lot and nobody ever showed up . i called their number more than 10 times , and no one answered . we replied to their confirmation email , hoping that someone would show up , but it is 3 days after the fact and we still have heard nothing ! i just hope we can get our money back ... do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not worth the money ! today was my step sons bday and his mother arranged a party here . the cost for the package was $ 240 , and included pizza , soda , and decorations and a free round of laser tag and mini golf . we payed an extra $ 90 to add more kids because it only included 15 . none of this bothered me til we got there and had to ask for cutlery , they provided the cake , but no cake cutter , no tokens for the kids to play games , the bathroom was disgusting . to top it all off , we were only given an hour and a half , to eat , have cake , play games , and they were rushing us before we could even open gifts ! any person with kids knows it takes a lot longer to have a party , and for what we paid they should be able to not rush through this ! good news is the birthday boy had a blast , but we wo n't be returning , too expensive and it 's not worth it ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3d mini golf is super awesome ! ! they did a great job designing the course and it is truly unique . i did n't think 3d would work for me , but it did at this course . each hole had its own theme and music . the owner was friendly and informative and customer service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with a few friends for some birthday fun and it was great ! ! had a great time on the mini golf course ( curse you flaming volcano ! ! ! ) . the 3d element is a fun twist . then took a turn in the laser tag arena . we laughed like 5 year olds on christmas morning the entire time ! all in all , it was an afternoon well spent . looking forward to going again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place been here before but tried to go last night and there is an eviction notice posted on the door . and the store is completely empty . had to go to a different one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not spend a dime of my hard earned money there . the owner is very rude ! ! the place is run down and dirty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is fun and unique ! the 3d mini golf is something you need to see in person . it 's a really cool experience . each part of the course had it 's own theme so it never becomes mundane . the laser tag area is smaller than most places but i love the way it 's designed and it was a lot of fun with the fog machine . the guns are easier to handle the other places . i really feel that that owners put a lot of love and work into this place . the arcade area is very spacious with a lot of different types of games . the party room is spacious and even if they have to order pizza out who cares ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we drove all the way over there and it went out of business do n't go there big waste of time we went to king putts instead", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this business has closed . we visited on 7 26 and the doors were locked , with a sign on the door that they were being evicted due to non-payment of rent . the inside was in disarray and it did not appear that they would be re-opening .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quoting my friend 's comment : '' this is the most interesting thing i have done in vegas ! '' the mini golf is amazing ! player wear 3d glasses to play , the design is very original and very brilliant ! ! ! mini golfers you have to try this place , like must ! we bought a groupon deal , and it also includes laser tag game . watched introduction video and they help us to put on equipment , fighting against friends in dark trying to protect your base ... it is quite a workout , so much fun , screaming , running , hiding , shooting and so on ! love this place , appreciate the creativity , the place needs some love and support . please try it out , you wo n't regret ! # only thing the place needs to improve is the website , i was skeptical browsing the website , thankfully it was so much fun more than i imagined .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . i really had low expectations but for the space and area they really did a lot with it . my friends and i spent about 1 and a half hours just doing the 3d mini golf alone haha . then laser tag was just the plain best , never have i ran so much and felt tired . go there just expecting a good time and i 'm sure you will . the people were amazingly nice too . love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i signed up to yelp just to write a good review for this location . my boyfriend and i were on our way to pinball hall of fame but i was n't really feeling it and like the holy grail , i saw mini golf in bold letters ! i was super excited and they did not let us down . i loved it . the creativity was on point . loved the themes . we 'll be back with a group for the laser tag next time . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for some laser tag and got a tour of the start of the 3d golf course which is a trip with black lights . the laser tag was pretty cool , and it is 7 $ for the first game and 3 $ for the following games . this place has a nice local feel . i am not sure if it is a place that would continue to be amusing if you went every week but then again if you are taking your kids it may remain just as thrilling for them . kudos to the owner for going on a limb with this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a blast playing mini-golf . i was cruising along scoring well until the volcano and then my low score was no more . despite eating a little humble lava pie it was a fun experience . besides being a fun course i really appreciated the creative and artistic style of the whole course . . hard to find activities that the entire family will like and not spend a fortune . this place is now on our `` go to '' list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the laser tag was ok , it 's not very big . and $ 7 for 5 minutes of running in a small space just does n't entice me enough to want to come back . tried the mini golf too , the 3d thing really was n't working for us , my kids did n't even want to wear the glasses because the kids were complaining that it made them dizzy because it was blurry to look through . the arcade is funny , not really much of an arcade , the decor is done very cheaply , it looks like they are in the process of renovating ( but not ) . the second room of the arcade has only a few games by which the others were out of order . the mini golf is outdated . i suggest doing the laser tag instead but do n't know if i would come back to do that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is better then king putt , imo , because of the different themed holes . i will say , like every other indoor golf place , it looks like someone just slapped it together over a weekend . my boys had a ton of fun , otherwise i would have rated it three stars . some of the arcade games were broken and looked old . but , they did have arcade games i have never seen before . the two gentlemen i encountered were super nice and if you are looking for a cheaper party , currently they have an offer on their facebook page that will give you half off their parties . i would go here over king putt based on coolness factor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not worth your money ! the course is alright but the sculptures seem like cheap knock offs . the staff was alright not too informative . there are way better places to play golf and laser tag in the area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had such a blast here . we have been back twice . take your family , take your friends , it 's good clean fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the outside , it does n't impress much , but once you get inside everything is much nicer and alot of fun ! we played 1 round of mini golf , 16 creative holes that were alot of fun to play . do not judge a book by its cover and support independent businesses offering family fun that is really rare to find in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to venture off the strip for some mini-golf fun . i could n't really find any outdoor mini-golf courses in the area ; however , i did find this 3d indoor experience . we went on a sunday afternoon , and it did n't seem to be crowded at all . we were greeted in a pleasant manner , given instructions , and did the 18 hole course . it is very interesting , fun , and definitely a little 3d . in fact , it gave me a little bit of a headache . hahaha . a `` good fun '' headache . i did see people playing without the glasses , so i 'm sure you can do that too . anyway , it was a good experience . we did not do any of the arcade games or laser tag ; however , had fun with the golf .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great concept . we had a great time playing mini golf in the dark . the gentlemen did a great job building this course . thanks for the good time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely not what i expected . with or without the 3d glasses this course is a place to see . the course has so much character and the staff is really friendly . it 's a must whether you live in vegas or are just visiting and have time to kill . oh , and if you 're a student or senior you get a discount , not much , but it 's better than nothing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only done drive thru but staff was friendly , signage was clear and prices clearly indicated . it was busy but it went pretty quickly . loved my coffee . i got their caramel machiatto and it tasted better than starbucks- kinda smoky taste but sweet . it looks like the outside seating is pretty busy and there was an inside seating area too . parking lot is limited but plenty of street parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love cargo coffee . i 've always gotten great service and great coffee when i 've been here . the atmosphere is great if you 'd like to stay inside and drink your coffee and have breakfast . i always get a coconut latte with and extra shot of espresso to get me through my day . i also recommend the cowgirl cookies ! they are enough to fill you up and even vegan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got their green wrap , a vegetarian option that i love to get here ! i really like the vibe this place gives , and it 's a great place to get some work done on my laptop . i also think the decor is super fun ! it 's cool to be able to see where they roast their beans on site ! i 'll definitely come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been visiting cargo for about two years now and have never been disappointed . the atomic roast and iced espresso are my favorites and is always delicious . i also regularly buy my coffee for home here . they have a nice selection at a great price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best roast in madison . service is friendly and quick . i stop every chance i get for this local business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just went for the first time this afternoon ! a fun , neat space with different seating sections , friendly helpful staff , and i think the prices are pretty good . friend got the latte of the day ( think it was pumpkin spice ? ) , and said it was great . i got the apricot tea , and it looked like the bag was homemade . a nice subtle floral-ish flavor . i think i found a new place to unwind during my lunch break !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cargo gets a solid 3 stars and an occasional 4th star . service is generally pretty good and the coffee is consist . grabbed a chix wrap today - solidly ok , a bit bland , but the service was good . if you are in the park street neighborhood , this is the go to local coffee joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the usual coffee-based beverages , brought to you by some very nice people . the veggie wrap is the best i 've ever had . there is a drive-thru if you are especially lazy . and it 's in an old oil change place ! how fun is that ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is just delightful . my coworker and i get lunch here almost weekly . unique build your own sandwich or wrap with fresh quality ingredients at an extremely reasonable prices . they 're a smaller operation , open early in the morning through the lunch hours . though a small space , they have a wide range of different teas and coffee drinks to suit your liking . i usually use the drive thru and always are greeted with a smile . : d stop in at cargo for your next coffee lunch adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drive thru ! punch cards ! almond milk ! and close to home make this a great place to go for me . nice seating inside and out ! i love the smell of roasting coffee every once in awhile in the neighborhood from them . great goodies to munch on too if you are hungry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting from out of town and decided to try a local coffee joint . i was going back and forth between cargo and lakeside - i made the right choice with cargo ! ! i walked into an eclectic map decorated shop that smelled of rich roasted beans . i ordered the house brew , the coconut latte , and the samoa latte . oh , and i had to take a bag of their beans home ! shout out to the wonderful staff that works there ! ! i love the ethiopian coffee you recommended and they recommended i visit jennifer street market ( fantastic little grocery store ) and buy some hooks aged cheese ( this cheese blew my mind ! ) overall , great experience , great coffee , and wonderful staff ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying that madison has a lot of coffee shops and i have been to most of them at one point or another . i met a friend here for coffee today and two things stood out to me . the coffee i had ( a decaf ) was slightly above average , but nothing fantastic . i also had a chocolate chip scone , and i was not a fan of it . the outside was too crunchy , it lacked any sweetness and was too dense . the set up of the cafe itself was fine , but i did not find the layout that inviting . i think if you are more into grunge , this would fit the ambiance you would want . if you are looking for more urban style ( like colectivo or ancora on king street ) you would probably be disappointed . i would definitely go to other coffee shops .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the very reason for us to come here initially was due to our curiosity . every time we are done shopping at copps at around 6 or 7 pm , we always pass this local empty coffee shop . we ca n't help but to compare with barriques that still has many customers . so , we dared to give it a try on one weekend . there , we learned that they only open until 5 pm . we ordered their tuna sandwich and love it ! since then , this place is becoming one of our favorite sanctuaries to read and study . go local !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are efficient and friendly . they could use an upgrade to their chairs and tables , not the most comfortable setting . nice place to meet someone for a quick chat . in the winter - the place can be a little too cold to sit and enjoy a leisurely lunch . i do n't drink coffee , but the sandwiches and soup are a-1 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the friendliest baristas in madison - and great coffee too ! the tiramisu latte is on point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the decor and the super fast wi-fi . the coffee is great and the tuna wraps are yummy , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice list of loose leaf teas , which are served in a light-bulb looking glass ware . this jiffy lube converted place is an unexpectedly pleasant coffee shop on the s park street . very friendly staff , a fantastic view of copps , and overall a charming neighborhood cafe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast service at the drive through , very good coffee . support local businesses instead of chains and drop in at cargo coffee ! i always go through this place in the morning when i am in madison on business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cargo makes my favorite chai . and while this is enough to keep me coming back , but they also have wonderful service and lovely decor . in college it was a favorite place to study ( and wait for the bus home from the grocery store ! ) and now it is a great saturday morning stop before starting my day . they do n't have an extensive food menu , but it 's all tasty . and their tea selection is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this coffee ! i make a point to stop for beans when i visit madison . my favorite is their atomic roast . dark and dreamy . staff is very friendly and helpful with suggestions on the current selections . i 've only eaten the desserts , which are tasty . nice and close to copps across the street if you have shopping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute place that has a huge variety of loose black green other teas in addition to fresh coffee . the store is very small but has a drive through and a few seats inside . they also have some fresh pastries and cookies that looked appetizing . the service was friendly although the guy behind the counter knew very little about the teas that he was actually selling . nice alternative to the chain coffee houses and definately less expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the atomic blend ! the location is convienent ... but inside is kind of trashy..not cozy at all", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been through the drive thru several times . the girls there are very friendly . i like the girl with the outer space pants that always tells me to `` have a beautiful day '' . looking forward to checking out the inside , perhaps this summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved to madison , within walking distance of cargo . spent the morning there sipping coffee and using the free wi-fi . my coffee and the wife 's chai both met expectations . the place looks a little bland from outside , but the interior is pleasantly quirky , with lots of old maps and air freight related paraphernalia . wi-fi was quick and consistent . ordered a couple wraps and a salad to go for lunch . nothing mind blowing , but definitely adequate for a quick light lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking for the best chicken salad wrap in town ? go here ! they also have courteous employees and the drive thru is considerably fast ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time and did the drive through . only problem was getting around the food supply truck : ) order taker was super nice and the barista was great too ! super yummy latte !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place today , coffee was really good . the menu seemed a little pricey for what i wanted , but i 'll check it out again and see what they have in store for baked goods and other eating options . i like the decor , there are coffee bags all over the place and maps , both painted and scrolls all around that give a unique feel . it has a nice spot for outdoor seating too . although the weather was crummy when i went , it 's facing away from the street noise and seems like it would be a good place to enjoy a cup of coffee and book on a nice day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cargo is ideal -- their staff is super friendly , their coffee is excellent , and the food is healthy and inexpensive . its just down the street from my office , so i go there regularly , and have had nothing but good experiences with the service or the product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! they have good coffee and good food too . i always get the tuna wrap which is large enough to make two meals out of . oh yes , and i get a pastry . it 's also nice to sit by the large windows and soak up the sun on a cold day . the only reason they do n't earn 5 stars from me is there is no kids area or even a bathroom with a changing area . there 's not really space though so i get it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "caution - get a estimate before they make your plumbing repair . my invoice was over $ 280 . non-emergency service fee , $ 185 . the parts have the expected high mark-up . wow , that 's a high service fee for only 40 mins of work ! ! ! it 's replaced but i will not use them again . the bill comes to your email the next business day . i asked for an adjustment & their response , `` we do n't advertise to be the least expensive plumbers in town '' . building trust , only if you want to overpay ! ! ! do n't make my mistake -- - get an estimate first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service and affordable price . vehicles very clean with company logo on them . a honest , truly locally owned operated business . keep up the good work . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by how delicious the food was here . we ordered the shrimp summer rolls as appetizers , pork mon nurong and ( beef ) bo kho stew . the peanut sauce with the rolls were very tasty . i enjoyed my stew very much ( awesome addition of carrots ) and my husband loved the grilled flavor of the pork . the price for being downtown and service were great as well . even though the service was slow due to the numerous people here pre-game , the staff were very courteous . my only complaint may be that the spring rolls were filled with too many noodles and the lettuce was n't as fresh . if fresh basil or romaine were used , it may make these stand out more . however , it was great to eat here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should have trusted my first impression of this place and ignored the good yelp reviews . i assumed i would get gentrified pseudo pho for about three more bucks than a real pho house would have . i trusted yelp and ate here anyway only to find out my first impression was correct . had i known then that superior pho is within walking distance , i never would have come here . live and learn .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went w 4 friends on a monday night in order to be fully energized for watching the cavs gets demolished . was empty my buddy had their vietnamese beer , which he liked . we shared some shrimp and pork summer rolls in a peanut sauce , which were quite good . my brother had the rare beef pho , which he quite enjoyed . my two friends afraid to try anything they 'd never had before liked the chicken fried rice . i had the chicken lemongrass and chili stir fry , which was great . lots of chicken , good amount of veggies , well flavored ( still added some dark and spicy sauces ) , and quite tasty great food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eh . so this is the first vietnamese restaurant i 've ever been to , so maybe this is n't fair , but i just was n't impressed . the lemon grass chicken lettuce wraps were good ( and a very large starter ) , but the rice noodle dish and lemon grass chicken with rice dishes were just ... bland . i expected a lot more taste , and was really let down . i ended up mixing the sauce i had gotten with the lettuce wraps into other dishes to try to make them more interesting . if invited by someone , i 'd go back here and probably try their pho , but i 'm not going to wander in on my own or suggest it anytime soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hands down my favorite lunch spot in downtown ! and probably many others as well seeing as how they are continually busy . so arrive early or late in the lunch hour to skip the wait . wow , that rhymed . anyways , saigon is simply one of the best vietnamese restaurants in cleveland at least from this foodies prospective . the service is always quick and the food is always hot and tasty . their pork summer rolls are outstanding and the rare beef and brisket pho is out of this world ! the broth is so flavorful and they give you plenty of bean sprouts , basil , jalape\u00f1o and lime plus the hoisin and sriracha is brought right to the table . if you want a sweet treat before or after your meal you ca n't go wrong with the green tea bubble tea or the iced vietnamese coffee . note - they have happy hour staring at 3pm with select app and menu items half off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for recommending saigon for lunch , cleveland yelpers ! the food is tasty , especially their char-grilled dishes which have a little bit of charred , smokey , slightly-propaney flavour ( i know , sounds terrible , but i like it ) that i associate with southeast asian street food and it seems to have a variety of healthy choices , which was great for me on while on business travel . it 's a good alternative to all the other samey lunch joints around and it never took me more than five minutes to grab a take-out lunch from there . they do have some nice outdoor seating along that street , which seems like an awesome place for peoplewatching . i would totally have taken the opportunity to do so if i had had the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saigon is an upscale pho restaurant . very cool with a sleek feel and design . it goes along with the other restaurants on east 4th , like the house of blues and lolita . service was very good and attentive . the prices was a little higher than at other pho restaurants in town . however , for the neighborhood its about average . food was good , but the portions was average . i had taro bubble tea and it was just ok . the tea was still warm in my glass . i prefer mine in a form of a smoothie . other than that , its a place to go for the atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the wonton soup with bbq pork & the pork spring rolls . both items were amazing . the service was quick & effective .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch with a friend on our lunch hour . we walked in got seated right away . the sever took our order , brought out our food right away . we were able to have a great lunch under 45 minutes . i would come back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love having this in walking distance from my office for lunch . i do n't know that i 'd make a special trip downtown for it , but it 's definitely one of my favorite spots to grab a healthy , tasty midday meal or a pre-game happy hour or dinner . the pho is really great , with tender beef , firm rice noodles , and rich broth . it comes with the standard accoutrements of sriracha , hoisin , bean sprouts , lime , asian basil and hot peppers that you can mix in and customize your pho . i also recommend the spring rolls or rice paper rolls to start . service is always very efficient without feeling like they 're rushing you out the door . lunch does get crowded . i recommend getting there before noon if you do n't want to wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good but overpriced for portion . i 'd much rather go to a more average pho joint where it is more homey with better pricing and better portions for what i 'm paying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well done saigon . they have a big letter `` v '' next to dishes that are alleged to be vegetarian . if you are an actual vegetarian , however , beware . they consider fish sauce to be vegetarian and they will gladly serve it to you . then they become very annoyed when you complain . sub-one-star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "were this the only vietnamese place in cleveland , this would be five stars . the pho is fantastic , and in huge yet manageable portions . if you 're hankering for an appetizer , go for the salt-baked squid . they know how to cook it so that it 's done , but still tender and with a delicious salty taste . however , there 's # 1 and superior just a short drive away , with ample parking and for substantially less . when i have to pick a place on east 4th , i pick saigon . when i have to pick a vietnamese place , i go elsewhere . i 'll stress that i 've only had good experiences with this place , though , and your results may differ . it 's just that i 've had better experiences elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this made me happy . to be able to have a good dinner that my parents and i enjoyed for around $ 60 was perfect . the host owner just seemed to take pride in showing us to our table , and the wait staff was incredibly pleasant . the appetizers were delish : though my mom did n't love the crispy porky-shrimpy spring rolls , i did . the summer rolls were done beautifully and packed full of stuffing , and the crispy rolls had great crunch . i thoroughly enjoyed the pho ... i hadnt had any in a while , and this is what made me fall in love with vietnamese food . the basil and bean sprouts on the side were absolutely delish . mom had the shrimp and veggies , which was fantastic ... not a huge portion , but perfect for her . dad had the lettuce wraps ... if you 're thinking pf chang 's , they 're not that , but they were fresh and tasty . go here . they are just simply pleasant , tasty and a great value on a street of pricy options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have visited again now that i 'm eating wfpb and really enjoyed the cabbage salad . i could eat it every single day and never bore of it- it 's so flavorful and bright !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there for lunch today and it was amazing . the restaurant is right next lola ' micheal simons . it 's a beautiful vietnamese restaurant . the best in cleveland . i had original pho and vietnamese crepe . so so good , you got to and fill your soul up with some authentic vietnamese food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first time at a vietnamese restaurant . i had the chicken in garlic sauce , which was delicious , although i felt the entrees overall were a bit expensive for what was served .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down my all time favorite restaurant . i always stick with the chicken pho and an order of summer rolls . since being introduced to saigon i 've tried other restaurants and their pho does n't even compare . the prices are also incredibly reasonable . i would give them more stars if i could .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you can get a very nice bowl of pho in cleveland . as good as any i 've had in nyc . i chose the brisket and meatball . my hometown is all growns up , all growns up and all growns up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "legit vietnamese in downtown cleveland . ai n't nothing wrong with that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a-ok indeed . saigon offers a nice spread of vietnamese food , at slightly above market prices , in a very nice space on east 4th . it 's a great spot for carry out ( i 've never been quoted more than 15 minutes ) and the restaurant itself is a good sit down spot with perfect outdoor seating for the summer months . i have n't tried the pho which everyone seems to be up in arms about , but the bun with egg rolls , pork , and shrimp is very good , as are their spring rolls and summer rolls . the chicken cabbage salad is the real standout , with generous portions of fresh chicken , cabbage , and other goodies , with a nice light fish sauce ? based dressing . highly recommend . the stir fry and rice dices are ok , but lacking in flavor compared to some other vietnamese options i 've had . worth a go if you 're craving quick and tasty vietnamese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to saigon to try out their pho , which someone told me was their favorite in cleveland . i was disappointed with the pho but the restaurant itself was fairly good . i had a blood orange cosmo which was great , and fried tofu appetizer which was also delicious . the pho was just ok . the broth was too salty which masked the other flavors . my friend dining with me also had the pho and agreed . the restaurant itself is nice , but it seems like they close at 9 on saturdays ? seems early .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why , but this place does n't really thrill me the way it does others . i had a rice noodle bowl with crispy veggie spring rolls once and it was tasty , but not something that has stuck in my mind , really . i also had the wonton soup once too . again , tasty and perfect since i was feeling a little under the weather that day , but it just is n't something that i 'm anxious to have again . i would n't deny another visit , because there was nothing wrong with both visits , though . honestly , i think wonton gourmet and bbq has jaded me on anyone else 's noodles soup wontons . sorry , all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is a good lunch option for coworkers or friends . they have some of the best service on e. yes , they are a bit pricey , but they are located on e. 4th .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seems like this place gets decent reviews and i had heard good things about it , so brought a group of friends here before a concert at hob . the nice decor was about the only part of our experience that matched the good reviews . service was horribly slow ( and we were one of only 3 tables in the entire restaurant ) , food was only passable . also two of my personal pet peeves - the owner was sitting at one of the front tables doing the books , and a couple of the waitresses were sitting together in a booth talking and folding napkins . i guess i should have known when the place was deserted at 7 o'clock . will not return . oh , and do n't get the `` filthy martini '' . i should have known i was in trouble when our waitress went behind the bar to make our drinks , but it tasted like over half olive juice . i like dirty martinis but this one was so dirty it was almost undrinkable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service and food are better than any other 4 th st restaurant i 've been to . including the famous one across the street . spicy lemongrass soup is worth a trip to cleveland by itself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went on a whim while in from columbus and loved this place . we had never had vietnamese food before , so we were a little nervous at first , but were pleasantly surprised ! the waitress was so sweet and gave great recommendations . we had the vegetarian crispy spring rolls , vegetarian sweet and sour soup , and vegetarian crispy noodles ( these were the best part of the meal -- so simple , but so delicious ! ) . there was n't a huge wine and beer selection , but enough to try several things . they also had good happy hour drink and appetizer specials . if we are ever in town again , i would totally go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a group of 6 of us came to saigon for dinner since we had a mix of carnivores , vegetarians and vegans . everyone got something they enjoyed . i got the pho which was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner here tonight after i walked past them and could n't get the craving out of my head . omg , i 'm going to have dreams about this place . the food is just exquisite . from the b\u00e1nh x\u00e8o , to the c\u00e1 kho to , there was nothing that did n't make my mouth water . ( are you listening , seacoast , nh ? someone open a vietnamese restaurant ! ! ! ) the service was also superb . attentive . friendly . and they went out of their way to help us try to keep our overtired pre-schooler happy . i 'm going to need to manage another lunch or dinner before we blow out of cleveland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ugh this is one of those places that i could eat here every single day and never get sick of it . i love their patio on east 4th , i love their delicious vietnamese dishes and i love that it 's so close to my work so lunch dates here are always a must . i would totally give this place 5 stars but the service kinda misses the mark . we waited awhile before our server came over to us to greet us and we waited even longer for him to come get our check . however , this place is still freakin ' awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by with my 8 year old daughter for dinner while one night while visiting cleveland . the meal was yummy . i 've had better but this place was nice . as we walked in , my daughter commented on the wonderful aroma in the air ! we ordered 2 apps and a pho . we started with 2 pork and shrimp summer rolls with a special house sauce . it was good , i never had it with pork inside . the thai basil and mint normally found inside was missing . i thought the special sauce was mostly watered down hoisin with crushed peanuts on top . nothing special . the lettuce wraps were just sauted shredded chicken and bib lettuce leaves served with a sweet sauce . we ordered the rare beef pho . it was serveral slices of thinly rare beef in a bowl of delicious broth and noodles . very good . it was my daughter 's favorite part of the meal . the atmosphere was nice , wait staff was helpful . they even had coloring books for us to use at dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went there on a game night and we were there early enough , our service was so terribly slow . we were seated at a table around 5:10pm and no one even asked us for drinks till 5:20 , which gave us enough time to order food while they took our drinks order , so we did , and we did not get our dinner till 6:15pm ! terrible service , they are way too slow and the restaurant was n't even as busy when we went in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saigon tries to be `` hip asian '' but ca n't quite pull it off . the decor is nice , but the bright lights give the impression they 're closing down for the night . asian disco music blares from a boom box in the corner . water is served in a plastic coca cola cup . the service is okay , just okay . the pho was bland and i 'm not sure how chicken in a soup could be that dry . the crispy pork spring rolls are quite good but probably not worth a visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "schickes authentisches restaurant mit umfangreicher typischer karte . modernes ambiente , sehr freundlicher service . preislich mittelklasse . mitten in clevelands fressgass umgeben von einem dutzend anderer guter restaurants mit gesunder , gehobener unamerikanischer k\u00fcche . eine echte wohltat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the manager here is a cool guy . i like when he is the person sitting guests and bringing the check , etc . the rest of the staff was just ok- we sat for a while waiting for water refill and dishes to be taken . the food is better than average , and it has all the right vietnamese essentials . i highly recommend the combination bun , it 's really good : pork spring roll , roasted pork , shrimp , rice noodles , sweet chili vinegar sauce , lots of vegetable garnishes and peanuts . the pho is good too . outside seating is a nice plus . the only drawbacks for me were the price ( although higher prices should be expected in that area ) and the atmosphere is a little blah . but a nice place for someone craving vietnamese in downtown cle", "score": "3"}
{"review": "easy to get along with when it 's not game day . inconsistent quality between 2 visits . this place is a solid 4 to 5 though . i 'll return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! food came out very quickly and was very fresh . i had the curry stir fry with squid and it was spectacular . squid can get a little rubbery if prepared incorrectly and this was not the case- it was soft and perfect . my friend had one of the vermicelli dishes and she also enjoyed it ( and so did i when i stole a few bites ) . i will definitely be remembering saigon and return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pho in downtown cleveland . also other delicious kinds of soups . when i am trying to fend off a cold in the winter ( or if my feet get wet on the way to work and my toes are still cold at lunch time ) i go to saigon and get the chicken broth with noodles and dumplings . instant warmup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fried spring rolls were amazing and the sweet and chilli sauces were too good.. the stir dried noodles are amazing too.. if you like asian cuisine then this is a place to be.. tip : do n't mistake it to be like chinese food as the flavors and preparation is different", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pho ! very reasonably price . the pho was hot and comforting . i had it twice in one weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pho was above average . i 'm picky with vietnamese food since i studied in vietnam . the noodles were a little undercooked ( just a tiny bit ) . the service was great and the location is awesome . great people watching spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a surprising find on e. 4th street as it 's mostly trendy places , but saigon is doing down and dirty `` americanized '' asian food that just hits the spot sometime . i usually go for lunch , and i would recommend making a reservation as it gets pretty packed pretty quickly . the prices are very affordable for lunch . the fried rice and the pho are really good , definitely recommend them both ! nothing fancy about this place , it is what it is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a buddy and i dined here on a saturday night while in town for a meeting . it was easy to get a table though all of the booths were taken . we both had a `` 33 '' to drink , which was my first vietnamese beer since visiting hanoi in '99 . we had a couple of great apps , mine was bo nuong la , and i had bun saigon for my entree . everything was tasty and seemed very authentic . the sevice was great too . next time i 'm in cleveland i 'll try to pay another visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant , although fast with my takeout order , had really terrible food . rice noodles tasted like a cardboard box , meat dry and overlooked , veggies old , flavorless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great restaurant ! we 've been coming here for 5 years now and we love it every time ! the owners are amazing as well as their staff ! i highly recommend stopping here if you 're in town near east 4th street !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love saigon 's food and service ! we have been on multiple occasions and the food is delicious every time : ) our favorites are the crispy spring rolls , chicken cabbage salad , pho w rare beef and brisket and the salt and pepper chicken . saigon has been the perfect setting for a girls night out , date night and is also very family friendly . tonight we sat outside with our 7 year old daughter and listened to music while enjoying our meal ... so much fun ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was good . i had my usual chicken curry . it was no more special than the last chicken curry i had elsewhere , but the portion of fresh veggies and chicken was a good size . white or brown rice option . i went right after work so the service was fast , but long enough so you knew they were making your order fresh . nicely , but simply decorated inside ; i 'm not sure it says vietnamese to me , but it 's calming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place on e 4th- i dream about their soup and vermicelli ... m3 m\u00ec ho\u00e0nh th\u00e1nh x\u00e1 x\u00edu ( wonton noodle soup with bbq pork ) egg noodles , shrimp and pork stuffed wontons , and bbq pork in chicken broth $ 9 b9 b\u00fan ch gi\u00f2 chay ( vegetarian spring roll vermicelli ) crispy vegetarian spring rolls served with rice vermicelli , fresh lettuce , bean sprouts , carrots , cucumbers , radishes and crushed peanuts $ 8", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . every friday i stop in and have b2 . james always takes good care of me and even better when i bring in guests . i 've had other noodle bowls in cleveland , yet not as good as this . a8 is another favorite of mine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with vietnamese food and i was n't sure what to expect . i was so pleasantly surprised . i had one of the soups and some spring rolls which were both great . i plan on trying much more of their menu . i am so happy i tried vietnamese food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic vietnamese in a great location . service was awesome , prices and portions were good . the selection was awesome as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was decent but the 4 star average is not warranted . i felt the service was average and the food was good , but there are better choices in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "delicious . had the salted and pepper combo ( shrimp , squid and scallops w veggies & rice ) . server morgan very nice and most helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "store details : 9:00am -- 7:00pm mon thru sat . closed sunday . 412-781-1212 visited my parents from california and found this vegetable and fruit market . nice selection of stuff and friendly people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this little fruit stand . their produce is delicious and very affordable . they also sell cheap plants for gardens , and little extras like amish jam and honey . i highly recommend checking it out if it 's not too far out of your way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for fresh fruits and veggies . i love coming here because their selection is so much better than the grocery stores and they 're much cheaper than nearby market district . they offer real butter along with other dairy products and they have strawberry chocolate milk too ! the baked goods here consist of cookies , pies and breads which all look good but i have n't sampled yet . i stopped the other day and saw some nice looking christmas trees too ! the folks working here are very nice and helpful which is a plus . the only con is the parking . another customer backed into my car a few months ago and scratched it up pretty bad here but it 's fixed and water under the bridge . i mention this simply to let you know to be careful parking . with that said , this place is still awesome and definitely worth a stop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place to shop for groceries-i go there almost everyday . i just moved into the area and had passed by several times , thinking it would be too expensive . it 's very reasonable-much less than any grocery store and the quality is excellent ! they have everything from the freshest local and organic fruits and vegetables to delicious homemade cookies and bread and local raw honey . it 's family-owned and they 're all very friendly . ca n't wait for them to reopen in march !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great fruits and veggies from the farm but a lot more rummage then farmers market but i found some good stuff while looking around", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is the bomb ! great selection of fresh local produce and friendly , knowledgeable staff : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic fresh produce selection , friendly staff , affordable prices . a great local market shopping experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here with cinnabun at 6:45pm . dr. marsh and staff awaited our arrival as the visit was on an urgent no-appointment basis . the dachshund is being x-rayed for a potential back , bowel and or bladder urinary tract problem . great folks , and dr. marsh is an ohio state university vet school graduate `` to boot '' ... go buckeyes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 years ago we took our puppy for his first veterinary visit and met with dr. marsh . his bedside manner and constantly amazing care earned our respect and trust , not only as doggie parents , but our dog learned quickly to trust him too . after 2 years of exceptional care , we moved out of the area and had to seek care under other vets . but because we trust dr. marsh , implicitly , no matter what the new vets say , we know we can always call dr. marsh for reassurance . he takes time out of his busy day to treat our dog from afar - no quips or questions asked . we wish he would move to where we are ! we recommend dr. marsh to anyone who wants the best care possible for their furry friends . thank you for everything , dr. marsh ! our baby would n't be as healthy as he is without you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr 's marsh and jundt and their staff are the real deal . super smart with kind and compassionate care . reasonable prices too . i referred my boyfriend to them for his beloved kitten 's spay . and i 'm an employed cvt . just sayin ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday was our first visit to cobblestone . sadly the visit was to put our cat to sleep , but thankfully the very caring dr. marsh ( and his staff ) made the experience the best he could for our family . we would highly recommend him and will use his services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my pups have seen both vets , and they are absolutely fantastic with my fur-kids ! their bedside manners , and that of the staff , make it so much easier to get the pups to actually go to the vet ! my duke has been diagnosed with imha . thanks to dr. marsh 's quick thinking , duke may have a chance at remission and living a long life . and thanks to the helpful guidance and explanations , i can help duke live that life ! they are an amazing group , and i recommend them highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is hands down the best veterinary practice . the doctors and staff are seriously the nicest and most caring people . i have 3 pets , two of which are complicated and thanks to cobblestone they are happy , healthy , and stable . taking time to research complicated issues , keeping up to date with new treatment options , and treating pets like the valued family members that they are is the norm at this practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if only i could find such wonderful doctors and staff to take care of me ! dr. 's marsh and jundt , and their staff amanda and shannon , are amazing . smart and kind , all of them . not sure who loved them all more , my dogs , or my daughter and i. i was lucky enough to find them as a new client a week or so ago . they telephoned a few days after each appointment to check on the animals . rates are up-front and reasonable . this is the best there is in veterinary care , and in a business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. marsh and his team gave my 8year old lab his first dental cleaning . they were wonderful throughout the entire process ! check in was easy and they answered all my questions , nervous as i was to have him under anesthesia , they called after the procedure to inform me that he did great and everything went well but the best part was picking him up and seeing he had a pleasant experience . i saw his xrays and dr marsh explained everything . i would recommend cobblestone for every pet owner , the team is top notch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr marsh 's clinic is 22 miles away but i make that journey because my dogs and cats do n't get the same kind of care anywhere else . the dogs like him , he is gentle with fussy cats , and you are never paying for tests you do n't understand . he takes the time to explain what he is doing . i have never been left with nagging doubts about a diagnosis from him . it is very comforting . his staff is very knowledgeable , friendly , and understanding . i have been to many veterinary clinics over the years and this is definitely the one i have been most comfortable with . if you are thinking of taking your pet here , do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about dr. marsh and dr. jundt and their staff . first , their clinic is like a `` mom and pop shop '' . this is not a chain vet clinic . you get the feeling of being family when you 're in there . the office is quiet and clean . the exam rooms are spacious enough you do n't feel closed in , they are quite comfortable . love the fact that these two veterinarians work together to give your pet the best care ! they are not only great that veterinarians , they are very good people too . i know that dr. jundt does acupuncture . although i have n't needed to use it for my dog , i think it 's a wonderful idea for a holistic approach to healing . there are other veterinarians closer to me , but we love them at cobblestone , my dog loves them , and they seem to care a great deal for my dog 's wellbeing -so there is no other veterinarian for us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cobblestone vet clinic is the best ! ! we started bringing our two dogs and cat here about 1 year ago after re-locating from iowa . dr. marsh , dr. jundt , and staff are wonderful ! every time i call for a refill , appointment or question they are incredibly accommodating . they always ask about the other pet , who may not be with on this visit . both doctors are incredibly knowledgeable and take their time with the animals and with you . i honestly adore them and would recommend cobblestone to anyone and everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this place 20 stars if i could . animals ca n't talk to you and tell you what is wrong with them so it 's up to the vet to figure it out . anyone who gives this place a negative review may be one of those people you ca n't please no matter what you do . i took my little buddy there because he was yelping when he jumped off of the couch and the vet took 30 minutes with him to figure out it was his neck . she checked his spine and made him walk around and even tried to get him to move his head around with a treat and came to the conclusion his neck was the problem . she gave him meds and that did the trick . he is back to normal . not only did she make sure it was n't something serious like his spine but they called a few days later to check on him . and i showed up an hour early and the took me right in . i will keep going to them for the care of my dogs . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore working with dr. amy junt ! my dog has been receiving acupuncture with her for about a year now and her symptoms have truly improved ! more than relief from the pain she was experiencing , she is now exhibiting less anxiety which is amazing . dr. junt takes the time that is needed to calm and comfort her for acupuncture and other procedures . we love her and would recommend her to anyone . although my dog ended up completely tearing her knee and having a knee replacement , dr. junt has walked us through our dog 's care and continues to be an invaluable part of our dog 's recovery . she has also started using laser as a treatment . dr junt is also very caring toward my husband and myself who are nervous parents and have lots of questions . we always feel listened to and cared for . thank you dr . amy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. jundt and the staff at cobblestone vet ! they are so good with my current dog and have also been very helpful with my new puppy . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my little chi got attacked by another dog early saturday morning . being new to the area i did n't have a vet , so i called around and no appts.. cobblestone did n't either but they wanted to get him in because of the circumstances . and i 'm so glad i did . not only were the support staff wonderful and caring but dr amy was awesome and put me at ease . she stitched up my little guy and sent us home with complete instructions and he is doing great . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this wonderful spa just opened in march and it is fantastic ! ! stop going to the other places now ! ! ! ! clean is an understatement and after going to all of the other nail salons you will be so impressed . the added extras for the pedi make you feel like a queen . the staff is all in wonderful lavender uniforms , so very friendly and will do any extras you request . the bio gel nails are incredible and the art and glitter dipping is fabulous , what a tremendous job ! cant wait to go back next week for a facial ! the best part ladies ... its the same prices as the cheap dirty places , and you get so much more ... please go visit , lets keep this place going . i know i definitely want certificates for christmas for this place for sure ! awesome awesome ! i just cant say enough about the wonderful staff and treatment we received !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great clean place ! nice people . girls know what they are doing . had the guy do mani pedi once . never again ! he was so rough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this place . very serine and relaxing not like the average nail spot around . the workers were very nice and friendly and did a fabulous job on my pedi and mani . also i noticed they cleaned the pedicure areas very well with lysol and bleach as well , and the entire place was clean and well kept . great experience , will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a pedicure and foot massage a+ . not your typical asian salon , this place was clean and quiet . i will be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here the weekend and got bio gel extension and my friend got a mani pedi . the lady who did the bio gels was amazing took her time and made sure i liked the shape length and color every step of the way . my friends pedi was the best she ever had . this spa is very clean and peaceful . great place to relax and be pampered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the spa itself is very clean and very well decorated . my daughter and i both did a french manicure with shellac polish . i was an ok job . my heels were still rough when i left the salon . i was hoping for a pedicure that costs $ 54.00 that it would be done a little better . also i found the girl that did my pedicure quite rough . i think when you are filing etc that you need to be alittle more gentle . i am giving the 3 stars mainly for the atmosphere , as we liked the decor and the cleanliness . the music playing was also very nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cheapest decent manicure i 've ever gotten in the gta . started chipping in about a week and a half , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a great experience , the staff were wonderful , the nail colour selection was great and the place was beautiful , clean and very zen . it really felt like a spa when you were there . one of the best parts was the hot towel they provide you when you get either a mani or pedi done . i would highly recommend this place , and i will definitely be returning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been looking for a nice spa to have my nails done and i noticed this place in the same plaza as my husband 's music lessons . it is immaculately clean and there is no smell of acetone like some other nail salons . i had a pedicure and reflexology massage on this trip and it was wonderful ! so relaxing i fell asleep during the reflexology massage . $ 60 for the treatment and i came out feeling energized and my feet and skin look and feel wonderful . i will definitely come back and try a manicure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there friday morning.it was busy , probably becos of the long weekend . i decided to give it a 5 star not because the environment or location , mostly because of the technician . she was very patient and friendly with me even thought it was a busy morning and i asked to change the color a few time . however , i hope to see more gel nail designs and colours when i visit the next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the venue is nice and relaxing . prices are really good and they have a large selection on polish . my pedicures always seem to last weeks , however my nails always seem to chip within a week or so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only did the eyebrow wax so thats all i can review right now but they took me in as a walk in right away which was great . the lady that did them was really good . didnt rush , took her time and they look great . i will be returning to check out their other services now . the place was very clean which is a huge bonus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i will try and keep this short . i had been going to st lukes tempe hospital for almost a year complaining of pain in my upper abdomen region . over this time period they did a mri , ct , ultrasound , x-ray , and god knows what else . every time for the last year it was `` you 're fine , here 's pain meds and get out . '' fast forward to last week . i ended up in the er and decided to go to another hospital for a second opinion . they did one ultrasound and in less than 2 hours saw my gallbladder us underdeveloped and is failing . one visit here got the answers to my pain for the last year , while st lukes `` never found anything '' . i 'm waiting to have surgery at the other hospital as we speak , and i will never return to st lukes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe that they call themselves a hospital . what type of hospital has an emergency room so dirty ? ! ? ! january 2 , i went to the er because i was sick and needed treatment . when i entered through those doors , i felt like i was infested with some new disease . when i approached the receptionist , she never once looked at me instead she handed me a clip board to fill out . while i was looking for a clean seat , i wanted to pick up the bleach and bleach the whole place myself . right as i was about to sit down , i felt like i needed to be tested for other new infections . instead of getting treatment , i walked out . those health care employees need to spend some time cleaning up the hospital . the health inspection should definitely consider giving that place a warning to get that place cleaned up completely . a hospital should be safe and clean not dirty and unhealthy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i brought my daughter into the emergency , i told them my daughter was loosing consciousness and the emergency staff did not even seem to care or want to take action to get her checked in ! what is going on ! left and went to phoenix children 's hospital and wow , night and day !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i was sent to st luke 's tempe with chest pain . when i got there they said they were going to admit me . then the doctor comes in and said i had a catherization in january which i did not have and i was in st luke phoenix with the last month now they refuse to admit me . they did one enzyme check and it was negative but the issue is it could take 6 to 8 hours to be positive and they let me go home . that may be a huge mistake . do t go there ever . i had pain went to another hospital and my enzymes were positive . if i did n't go to another hospital later that day i could be dead . what a law suit i have", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty awful , so glad i was the visitor and not the patient i could n't imagine having to stay in this place . the hospital looks very old and dirty . the staff is flakey and very difficult to get a hold of . when you do finally get to ask a question , they forget to come back or ignore the question . nursing assistant chomped on her gum the entire time she was taking my mother 's vitals . i would never elect to go to this hospital . my poor mother had no choice i would strongly urge against going to this hospital for care if at all possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst hospital i have ever been to . from the billing department to the nursing staff , some of the most unprofessional and incompetent scumbags i have ever seen . harassed by a nurse over my tattoos , told that i look like i just got out of prison instead of active duty us military for 12 years . disrespectful . also , i still get phone calls from debt collectors that are n't supposed to have my information from this facility for care that my insurance covered . i 'm honestly ready to file civil lawsuit over my ordeal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently visited st lukes hospital er . something happened that has become very concerning to me . i woke up from my injury face down on my bed . when i turned over and sat up i noticed two young nurses standing at the foot of my bed performing various chores , when one looked at the other one and commented `` i thought he was a wetback . '' i 'm not only traumatized from my accident , but occupied in thought as to what level of care i truly recieved . st lukes is the closest hospital to my home . but i 'd rather drive or go elsewhere , emergency or not .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "three year old had an eye emergency . waited 4 hours to find out he has pink eye . i hope it 's pink eye considering how much time passed from coming in till when a person actually looked at his eye . also , do n't touch anything in here . use gloves and masks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the doctors i saw had terrible bed side manner and did n't take the time to evaluate me as a patient . instead of examining me , or taking any further steps in the treatment process , the doctor disregarded what i had to say and made a quick exit . after leaving tempe st. luke 's , later that evening i was hospitalized by banner desert medical center because my infection had spread . if my doctor would have taken any urine analysis or blood culture he would have been aware that i should have been admitted vs. being sent home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was just reminded of my horrible experience at this hospital when i was at a much better hospital this past weekend . years ago i came into this hospital because of severe eye pain following an eye surgery . i was put in a bed and put in a dark room . everything was fine , until i noticed the smell . the bed they had put me in was soaked with urine . the sheets were clean when i laid down on the bed , but apparently someone had just put new sheets on a urine soaked bed . rather than apologize , the nurse on staff mentioned that `` sometimes people that come in that are in extreme pain wet themselves . its nothing to be embarassed about . '' really ? really ? absolutely disgusting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst hospital i 've ever went to ! ! i had sprained my ankle really bad and decided to go in and have it checked out . i sat in the waiting room for about an hour , waited on a bed for another hr just to find out that i did n't break any thing . at that time i was put on a cash account because i did n't have insurance . the agreed upon price i was told i had 14 days to pay was a little over $ 400 . so at that point i had to wait until i got my check at the end of the week . 5 days latter i got a bill for almost $ 3,000 ! i was never given the full 14 days to pay and when i tryed to talk to them about this issue all i got was runaround . found a little to late that this is one of the worst rated hospitals in the vally . please do n't make the same mistake i did , try a banner hospital they are 100 times betture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only giving them 1 star because you can not give anything less . the whole staff was rude ! doctors stuck my girlfriend 5 times trying to do a spinal tap . the staff was more concerned about whether there facebook was up to date or if the consent form signed to do spinal tap . the also breached the hipa laws ! ! my girlfriend needed to go back to hospital and we passed them to drive 5 miles out of the way to go to banner ! ! i recommend everyone stay way fron this garbage hospital if you call it that ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away from this train wreck of a hospital , er is very unprofessional and i ca n't believe they can treat people that way . doctors do n't have any idea what they are doing , but they will take your money and if you do n't like the way you where treated , to bad and good luck filing a complaint or talking to any one , they are the cricket of hospitals and if you have ever had cricket and had any problems you will be familiar with the way they do things at st lukes . never again ill die first before deal with those loosers ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i gave birth to both of my sons here and it was amazing . the rooms are big and they are very accommodating . i had no problems with the staff and their nurses treated my sons wonderfully . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nurse tina in the er ... you can draw my blood any time ! add to the incredibly painless needle stick for the iv a very short wait in the er , a clean facility , ccomprehensive diagnostic work and a staff that left me with no questions and you have a great hospital . on following up with my regular md , the folks there were spot on in their diagnosis . not sure what the other reviewers issue is with the place ( except for the guy claiming a urine-soaked bed , though i doubt his veracity ) ... i will certainly put myself under the staff 's care here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here at er two times in two weeks for husbands heart issues . both were wonderful experiences given the stress of being at the er and one overnight stay the fist time . ... communication was outstanding , er & other staff was so good , food was even good . so glad we ended up @ this smaller hosp where you are not treated like a number . even parking and navigating the hosp is like hitting staples ' easy button ... ..so much better than the bigger hospitals around here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had surgery here . everything was very clean , staff were very friendly & attentive . extremely organized and the food was good ! i definitely would recommend this hospital & would not hesitate to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for an eye infection i had . the wait was n't too bad . the front desk people are n't too friendly , however the doctor i had was very nice and diagnosed my condition accordingly . i ca n't say it was comforting when he exclaimed `` wow , what an eye infection ! '' but i 'll admit , it was pretty bad . he prescribed me medication that cleared everything up and he knew what he was talking about . i was pretty hesitant about going to a hospital for an eye infection but my eye was killing me and it was after hours . when i told the front desk lady my eye had been hurting for a few days , she laughed and said `` and you 're just coming in now ? '' well yeah , i was waiting it out to see if it cleared up on it 's own , so thanks for treating me like i 'm stupid . my favorite part was the bill for $ 900 . lovely !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not go to tempe st lukes . i do n't know why some of these reviews talk about a `` friendly staff . '' last time i was there was to take my girlfriend at the time in for extreme back pain at around 3am . it took a while to get her in and when we were finally escorted to a room , i noticed used bandages , paper towels , etc . all over the floor . i asked the nurse to get us into a different room and suggested she or someone pick up the trash . `` it is a hospital after all . '' after a snarky remark and a rude glare she escorted us to another , cleaner room . once the doctor showed up after over an hour he ran some tests and decided nothing was wrong and that she just needed some pain killers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is only for the er ... our son has been fighting a cold for a few days , but last night , his breathing became labored . we are visiting from ca , so we just went to the closest er to our hotel , which was tempe st luke 's . the staff showed great concern and took excellent care of our little guy , particularly the rns and pa . the whole process took about 3 hours ( check in , waiting , chest x-ray , etc ) which is about normal for our usual hospital in ca . the er is a bit grimy ( like most ers ) and the facilities are older , but the care from the employees more than made up for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience here was during a business trip . i visited the er twice in one day . the first visit early morning went extremely well-5 star service . staff was kind and attentive . i had to return later that day around 5:00 pm because the pain had returned . there were no available time so they put me in the family room . the np on duty was so cold and rude . she essentially called me a big baby and that i need to go home . she scolded me for not walking around when i physically could not walk due to the pain . once i got to my local hospital , they found that surgery was required , so no i was not being a baby . awful , awful , awful woman that should not be working with the public .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having 20+ beers on tap to choose from and countless wines is always a plus in my world . having a bar close to where my husband gets his hair cut is another plus . pick up a snack and maybe a meal grab a beer or wine pick your poison and grab a seat . staff is knowledgable and friendly and people watching is a ten here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drinking a beer in the middle of a grocery store may sound weird , but it makes grocery shopping so much more bearable . hubby and i love to get a burrito bowl or a piece of pizza , then walk a few steps to the watering hole to grab a beer to wash it down with . the beer selection is always great , and many times i discover a new beer that i have never tried nor heard of before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing deals ! incredible selection of craft beers on tap & wines by the glass . wine wed means $ 5 wines plus a generous cheese plate per person with first glass . tell james what your tend to like & he will set you up . the ambiance of this corner of whole foods is so good that you will forget you are in a grocery store ( especially after a couple of james ' generous glasses ) . 3 flat screens play sports , & you can browse and buy lots of different ready-made foods in the food court for nosing with your drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay ! what a surprise ! great beer - diverse , ever changing . plus hard cider & wine . i 've been here 3 times and have had 3 different servers each friendly & more importantly knowledgeable about beer . brian is awesome , super friendly , honest , had a bunch of regulars . like i said , `` what a surprise . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a large selection of both beer and wine to choose from . the unique atmosphere makes it fun . it 's a great place for winding down after work , and they have a surprisingly good happy hour . i love the fact that you can choose any food in the store to pair with your wine beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazeballs if you love craft beer ! you have to check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i tell my friends i want to meet at a grocery store for dinner and beers , i always get an awkward silence followed up with a weird look . do n't judge till you 've been , trust me ! the waterhole is in the very corner of the store which features 20ish beers , about 15 wines and an abundance of cold bombers to choose from . the best part- they open at 7am and will fill growlers ! you 're able to walk around and shop with your beer making it a unique experience- or costly one if you 're like me . if you 're hungry , look no further than 15 feet away from the comfy booths . you can choose from pizza , sushi , salad bar , mexican ( nachos are a must ) or their hot section which features items such as chicken and macaroni & cheese . happy hours is from 3-7pm , but i 'd recommend getting there early as it gets quite packed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "um ... who does n't need a beer after shopping at whole foods ? you can make a plate and they will ring up your food in the bar . wine list is pretty decent , and they have a great selection of beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great olive bar , great options , quality sushi . you get what you pay for here ! and you ca n't forget the beer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the watering hole is a simply the bar area in whole foods . they do a great job of selling craft beer and always have something tasty on tap . also a nice selection of wines . best time to go there is when they do not have events as the staff generally consists of two people who simply are overwhelmed . they did a poor job in planning this place or staffing it as it is horrible when it is crowded . can take close to 30 minutes to get a beer . plenty of food options in the store . there is also something odd about drinking in a grocery store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent choice of craft beer and always a fun time here . however , the upholstery on the booths are in desperate need of new upholstery ( disgusting and nauseating ) . it does n't meet the standard of excellence as stated in the whole foods mission statement for quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place was ok good selection of beer but location is a lil stupid i meen its in a grocery store so kinda weird also people were rude and unhelpful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who the heck goes to a grocery store to find a bar and drink some excellent craft beer anyways ? me ! this place is great . i ca n't believe i just found this gem . taps are rotating and seem to always have a great variety . their bottle selection ( in the store ) is amazing ! get here . the one thing is you ca n't walk around the store with your beer like many other whole foods , but oh well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff ! huge selection of food in what could be compared to a food court . saturday is $ 4.00 beer and wine with 32 different brews on tap which change weekly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was impressed . a large selection of craft draft beers . tip the bartender well , there are just a a dozen tables . it 's a bar inside a grocery store . friends grabbed a late breakfast from the meat department and joined us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the special events here ! master tappist james swan is great . so odd being at a bar in a grocery ... oh well , i like to eat some bbq from down the isle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bar inside a grocery store , what more do you want ? people watching , craft beer , any food you want to bring to the bar top , sign me up ! yeah it maybe in a grocery store and people are weird but is n't that the point of foodie organic places ? solid over all . come here and you 'll come back guaranteed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick and the guys from dynamic av solutions are fantastic ! they have installed two wall-mounted tv 's for us and on both occasions they were professional , efficient , and very helpful . we are very pleased with their service . we had to reschedule at the last minute due to illness , and nick was very understanding and took care of us as soon as we were ready . i recommend them to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were supposed to move my equip and set me up in a new home . during the move they broke a 3d , ultra thin flat screen to a point where it would n't turn on and then tried to get out of replacing it . they replaced it with a lesser , bulky tv . they never finished the job and left me with my main tv lying on the ground for two weeks forcing me to find another company . horrible work and horrible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are great . have used them 2 times and there work is impeccable . had them do my house and office . would totally recommend.what was really nice was when we moved office 's we had to patch the wall there was only a hole the size of a golf ball . they do n't butcher your walls . yeah nicely done", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice enough guys , seam to know how av works however , young sloppy , poor finishers . gave them three opportunities for do over , left a mess on the third try again . power cords everywhere in a pile , nothing put back where it belongs , looks like a very lazy job even after making specific request to `` clem up '' their install . very slam bam get it done quick . very good at billing though . too bad . probably would not recommend these guys", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic , clean , quick , professional ! had them install my 50 '' the guys came in laid paper down to protect my hardwood floors . they mounted the mount at the perfect hight and made sure everything was working and clean before they left .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called these guys while my house was getting restored from some water damage . got several quotes , and nick was right in the ballpark . more importantly , he was able to get his guys in quickly and finish the job in a few days . i ran into a few issues after installation ( user error ) and nick had someone over to my house that same day and did not charge us for it . i ended up adding some stuff as we went , so the job jumped considerably , but he was honest , and they did a very nice job . definately recommend these guys . good prices , good products , and pretty honest and forthcoming throughout the process . they tell you exactly what they 're going to do , and finish it in the time frame they say they will . give em a call , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can say enough great things about this company . we have used them a few times and each time they were professional , fast , friendly , and patient to answer all of our questions . i see negative comments on here and i am shocked . we have had nothing but positive experiences . we would use them again without hesitation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used this company on two different occasions . one for installing a complete surround sound system and to mount two flat screens . the second , to move a 50 '' flat screen and to mount a 75 '' in the great room . i ca n't express how professional , courteous and knowledgeable the crew was . there is no doubt in my mind they are the best in the business ! they set everything up before they left and made sure everything worked correctly . they explained to me how everything worked and answered every question i had before they left ! if you want professional service , call nick ! he and his crew are the absolute best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired them to install a audio receiver and mount a tv . they come cheap but thats what you get - cheap service . the receiver ( which i bought from them on their recommendation ) stopped working the next day and i ca n't get them to come back to fix it . i was told i need to get a new hdmi cable . i was given a day that they would come . when tried to contact to confirm the day before , they claim i never confirmed it ( have text message to prove otherwise ) . this was after trying to get them to fix it for almost 8 weeks . better get someone that you may have to pay more but who are more reliable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nick installed new components for our surround sound in house and connected the outdoor speakers so we could enjoy music while in the pool ... overall good job . however i recently emailed him regarding the outdoor speakers were not working at all . i asked if he could provide some troubleshooting tips ( to avoid a visit ) but got no response . i then emailed him asking if i could set up an appointment for him to come out and fix the problem and got no response . as a business owner myself i 'm shocked that i got blown off and would never recommend a company with this type of business practice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a really big project home theater room . i had a few guys come out to give estimates and most of them did n't seem to know that industry very well . nick @ dynamic was very knowledgeable . he made my wife and i feel very comfortable with having him do the type of work we need it done . which was installing 180 inch projection screen it 's motorized , projector , in wall and in ceiling speakers , receiver , and program a harmony remote . his crew showed up on time . they lay down plastic and were very careful not to damage our things . they did a fantastic job everything looks and sounds amazing . they even threw in a couple extra things to fix some of the work that we had other audio that you guys do in the past with no extra charge . we would definitely recommend dynamic audio video to anyone that 's looking to get a professional job done at a great price ! thank you nick ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired them to drop three cat-5e internet ethernet lines through the attic to three separate rooms in our house . all three lines were then wired to our den , where we plan to set up our computer network hub . we also asked them to relocate a coax tv cable from the exterior side of our house thru the attic to our living room . the former owners of our house ran the tv cable from the attic outside , down the exterior wall of the house , and then along the foundation , and drilled a hole through the side of the house to run a verrrrrryyyyy long cable to the other side of the living room to get cable tv . it looked horrible . dynamic audio did a great job relocating the cable . they showed up on time , were very careful with our furniture and equipment , and were very professional . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't always get measured for suits , but when i do , i come to tailleur mayeur . the rhyming name alone should be enough to put a smile on your face , but the atmosphere seals the deal . it feels like an authentic tailor . again , i do n't know how that should feel , but it 's what i 'm sensing here . and after a long day at the office , these comfy chairs in the front of the store are definitely a nice , relaxing change of pace . k , think i 'm gon na doze off now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice guy with great service . had 4 suits made for my wedding and after adjustments at the store they fit great . he has top quality material at very reasonable prices . make sure to try on the suit and ask for adjustments if needed , he will happily do them . lots of fun getting suits made . best suit place for the dollar i could find in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soupersalad : sweet tomatoes = church 's : kfc . i like it better than sweettom , even though the selection is n't really any larger , it just has more meat available , whether in their soups or at their rudimentary built-yer-own-taco bar . recommendation is still to go when and only if you have a coupon , otherwise it 's simply not worth the price . these guys get bonus point for offering `` permanent '' coupons for $ 5.50-ish price , and have that price all day tuesday without a coupon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay as far away from this place as possible . i went here against my will , i am surprised that i am still alive . family members suggested eating here after going to the mall . big huge mistake . i am not sure what was worse ... the food or the employees . both looked grossed as hell . i stuck to foods that temperature was not an issue ... like pizza and bread . this place was filthy ... everywhere , and the food was nasty looking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the salad buffet place with the circular architecture reminiscent of van de kamp 's restaurants is my favorite place for a quick , satisfying meal in the metrocenter area . the place is clean , brightly lit and very spacious , and the staff is very friendly . the food choices are typical for a salad buffet , with lots of fresh cut veggies , different cold pastas and other starches , including a wild rice dish during my most recent visit . the soups are hearty and the hot items section include several breads , pizza , and tacos . desserts include fresh fruit , pudding , build-your-own strawberry shortcake , and soft-serve ice cream . a lot of good fresh cold or hot food for people on a budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! so many options of healthy food i love it ! and for the cost of mcdonald 's ! great spot and highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "-go to sweet tomatoes instead- the restaurant was below average ... cheap but not worth $ 6 . the stations were messy and they were short staffed . the day we came i ( 3 17 14 ) they had an issue with the stoves and so we had a choice of corn bread or sweet potatoes for hot foods . i understand that it 's not their fault the kitchen was n't working but they should have let us know before we paid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a healthy option for lunch or dinner , this is the place to go . there 's almost too many topping choices for your salad that you create yourself buffet style . all you can eat for around 8 bucks will save you money but may break your calorie count . overall its a good place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a long time ( four months ) ago , before i moved to phoenix , i would drive up i-17 and wonder what the ugly building on my left was . little did i know that it would be one of my go-to spots for a quick lunch ! i 've always appreciated the no frills simplicity of souper salad and this particular location is no exception . the salad bar has always been fresh for me , the rotating soup selection is quite good and the bread is tasty . heck , even the pizza is decent . what really makes souper salad shine for me are the deals ! tuesdays are two for one and there are almost always coupons for similar deals . i ca n't remember the last time i paid full price . it 's not fancy and it 's not pretty , but the food and pricing are good . i 'll keep going to souper salad as long as i work in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was totally disappointed with this place . it was dirty . the food was n't very good at all , ( except for the lentil soup ) especially for the price . our waitress had the personality of a wet paper bag . drinks were over filled and spilling all over the table . the waitress just left the mess she made for is to clean up . all and all it was a good thing we came here today . we saved a dog from heat exhaustion or possibly worse . ( had to call the police ) an older couple was here and left their golden retriever in the car as they sat in the a c for dinner . it was 102 degrees today . smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience eating here this weekend the service was great & friendly the restaurant was clean & the food was really good . i had the salad with fruit in it with noddles , potato salad small sliced pizza and a ice tea . the desert was really yummy i had a brownie with custard and pudding . i plan on going there at least once a month when i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the best souper salad i 've been too . staff was attentive and kept everything really clean and food filled . i was happy with experience and would definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good price with coupon ( even regular price is much better than the other salad place ) . the place is kind of run down and the selection is pretty much the same every day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic selection . great price . all salad bar items were stocked and fresh . the soup selection was excellent and very tasty . the hot bar selection is thin but also excellent quality . the atmosphere is very cozy . service is great . price is very competitive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not happy when after i paid for my families meal to find not attended to buffet . the place sprung a major leak in the dinning area during the storm last night . the food , the nacho cheese was more water then cheese & the fruit had sat out far to long that it smelled & tasted funny ... . not to mention the salad was no way fresh . on the up side the customer service was great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i recently moved to the phoenix area so this is my first experience with a souper salad restaurant , i went today thinking of it as a restaurant similar to sweet tomatoes . let me start with the fact that i was surprised that it was pretty cheap , i paid around $ 6.50 per person ( later on i understood why it was so cheap ) . when we got there it looked that they were understaffed , only 3 guys completely running the restaurant ( waiter , cashier and cook ) . that being said , our dirty plates were n't removed the whole time that we were dining . to be honest i was surprised to see taco meat and nachos . the taco meat was more like mystery meat , it looked old and dry . the nacho cheese was more like 80 % water , 20 % cheese . in conclusion , this restaurant makes my high school cafeteria look like a fancy steakhouse in new york . it has a rundown appearance and most of food was n't fresh . i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't go often , but sometimes i feel the sirens ' call to build my own salad whilst walking along a sneeze guard . this place has a good selection of fixin 's for salads and the plates are a nice temp for them . not always super-chilly , but usually not hot outta the dishwasher . of course , you can grab a soup or two and split open a nice baked potato to be topped with broccoli and cheese , or taco meat and cheese , or whatever you like . i lean towards the taco salsa combos for the taters . place is clean , in a converted , architecturally interesting and storied building . the mall it sits outside of is another story altogether ... price is right , especially if you use a coupon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place looks great after their remodel . the salad bar was amazing and the food tasted great . clifford , our server , was super nice and helpful . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i came back here . this is easier to get to than sweet tomatoes . and i had a coupon for a dollar off . started my meal with some asian twist salad , some of their tuna pasta , some quinoa black bean salad , and another pasta salad . all the pasta ones were fantastic . on to two soups . the santa fe chicken was ok and the twiced baked potato was fantastic . third plate not as great . made a taco salad which looked great but everything was blah . had a spoon of the most depressing mac n cheese ... overcooked noodles and nacho cheese sauce . and a piece of the flatbread was ok but not memorable . but they take the cake in dessert . a cup of amazing homemade whipped cream and a sundae with brownie , soft serve , nuts , hot fudge , caramel , blueberry sauce , and strawberries for the win . also they have good shortcake bites if you prefer strawberry shortcake .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's like a blue collar `` sweet tomatoes '' . smaller selection but lower prices . everything is fresh and well presented . quiet atmosphere . clean store . friendly staff . you do n't feel rushed like at some other buffet restaurants . a nice place to enjoy a relaxing meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the souper salad on 75 ave and bell rd in peoria az has to be the worse retaurant i ever visited . extremely slow service , food was not kept at proper temperature , what selections that were available , were not appealing at all and when attempted to eat it , it was horrible ! there was only one server on the floor who never came by to check on us , clean the table or offer more drinks . the servers preparing the bar with food , were not friendly or very enthusiastic about helping anyone or filling the food bars with anything fresh or appetizing . will never , ever visit this establishment again ! they need to close this store before someone gets sick from food poisioning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is where i go when i 'm hungry but want to keep the calories as low as possible . i would n't eat here on a normal basis . keep in mind that it 's a buffet environment so the food is n't going to have the best presentation . the breads are not very fresh and they sit under a heat lamp until finished and the salads are in open bins so you never know if someone threw something back in or put their hands in it . however , for $ 7 you can eat all you want . they also have decent soups and just as much hot items as salad items . not recommended but also not a horrible place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love souper salad and i always love how this location is in the old bank building . i just wish that the staff was friendlier and that they would update the place to get with the times . they seriously have the same dishes as the day they opened ... .i mean come on ! but the salad items are fresh and the hot selections are plentiful . ca n't go wrong with a simple soup n salad lunch !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this time , the pizza that my kid likes was put out so.slow.that.it.was.ridiculous ! ! ! ! they put one out and it was gone in a nano-second ! well , the crust is so damn thin it likely takes three minutes to cook another one ! ! there was simply no excuse for not keeping the pizza filled up . the soup that i loved last time was n't the same . i noticed the employee kept putting fresh soup into the old soup . that is wrong ! ! ! let the soup get down to a reasonable low level and then fill it up ! ! ! do n't keep dumping fresh into old ! ! i was disappointed this time compared to last time . i 'll go back and hopefully it is right next time ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love souper salad ! it 's not as awesome as some of the other salad joints , but its half the cost as many of them and it 's got all the regular items i expect - two lettuces , spinach , cucumbers , tomatoes , etc . plus 3-4 soups , baked potatoes , bread sticks and more . this location is still a favorite with the super high ceiling . it 's showing it 's age ( needs to be repainted ) but i 'm here for the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received an e-mail from the manager saying that they now have a brand new ice cream machine . i ca n't wait to give it a try and bump my rating back to 4 's . thanks for answering my cranky yelp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a buffet , what do you expect ? if you are expecting any one thing to be awesome , then you should n't be going to a buffet . as buffets go , everything was pretty good . although not as wide a selection as old country or sizzler , they are only about half the price of those places . great deal . my kids loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like school cafeteria food : i wanted to like it , i really did . i love sweet tomatoes and was hoping souper salad would be just as good . i was very disappointed . the pasta from the salad bar was greasy . the mac and cheese tasted horrible i could n't even swallow it . and the cheese sause for the nacho bar was disgusting..it had a weird consistency to it . i ended up mostly eating sunflower seeds and fruit . the only thing i really enjoyed were the gingerbread muffins . they were delicious ! i 'm giving two stars because of the muffins and because we did have great service . my husband lost the coupons we had gotten and the cashier still gave us a discount . when i asked if they had brown sugar , they went to the kitchen to see if one of the cooks could spare some . and our server was very attentive and friendly . but personally , i would rather spend $ 2 more and eat at sweet tomatoes !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a great selection , but cheaper than sweet tomato . i would n't come here without a coupon , honestly , but it was decent . good service . i did n't like finding dirt on my green onions ( after i felt crunch in my mouth ) , but they disposed of the green onions , and put out new ones that were washed more properly . still , gross ! that should have been washed properly , someone could get sick . needless to say , i lost my appetite", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've been here several times over the last 2-3 years . it 's gotten progressively worse each visit . it 's now to the point where it 's disgusting . we 'll not go back . squeezing every dollar from this location has worked to the detriment of food quality and taste . yuck ! spend your money elsewhere , like sweet tomatoes , a little more expensive but far better quality !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "next time ... sweet tomatoes . cold nacho cheese , bland salads . greasy taco meat , decent soup . no pastas . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went for the first the yesterday and really enjoyed it . i 'm a vegetarian so finding some thing on on the menu wast a hard thing to do . the price is very affordable and inside is very clean and professional . it is a buffet but thier is n't a lot of options . but every thing they serve is amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good selection and the price point is great ! some of the food looks like it 's left out for a while , but at the same time the service is great and i was glad we went !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "souper salad is alright . lunch price with a drink is about $ 9 . clean enough . i think sweet tomatoes ( just on the other side of i17 ) is hands down better though . you wo n't likely hate your visit or be overly impressed . it 's hardly ever busy , the food is warm ( or cold if need be , i.e . the salad ) and tastes fine . i 'd suggest going to sweet tomatoes for about the same price and more vairety and higher quality", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no . just stop and move onto another restaurant . if you 're looking for unlimited soup and salad , hit up sweet tomatoes . or even olive garden . at least you know it will be fresh . maybe we came at the wrong time , but they were completely out of a few things , and it was obvious that other things had been sitting for far too long . i tried to eat everything that looked somewhat appetizing , but could only stomach the basic salad and a little bit of soup . the rest of the food items were just gross . might be slightly healthier than the typical greasy chinese buffet , but if healthy is a concern at a buffet , spend another dollar or two and find another restaurant . on top of everything else , the carpet looks like it is 40 years old and might have never been cleaned . there is trash and food all over it . would have given zero stars , but the mediocre ice cream included with the meal is worth one half star . round up to one star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meh ... .. this is near the metro mall ... which is being remodeled and expanding to include a walmart . this is important , because this little dive could invest in their business ( remodel bathrooms , refresh the entrance ) and attract mall traffic because of their excellent location . it 's a buffet style restaurant . the food on the buffet was okay , but this place charges extra for meat ! that 's right ! if you want grilled chicken for example , it 's $ 2 more ! really ? ? ! suggestion to management : throw the grilled chicken on your buffet . i realize that would increase your buffet cost , but it 's needed . your buffet had nothing special going on . when you charge me $ 2 for a drink , $ 7.95 for the buffet , you are already at a lunch price point . unfortunately , i do n't think we 'll be back . but this restaurant is a good location ; but there are a lot others around it ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . first of all , the architecture is amazing . it was built in the early 1970s for a savings & loan by the noted architect wenceslao sarmiento , who designed a number of unique building around the phoenix area . the food is good , and unlike sweet tomatoes , this place regularly has a taco bar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't confuse `` souper '' with `` super '' . nothing special , its 2:00 and they are out of a lot of stuff . low quality food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "$ 6.95 coupon . $ 1.99- $ 2.39 for a drink . we had a great salad . also had taco baked potato and vegetable soup . good deal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worried i 'm the only one here . but the salad bar was clean , people nice and its soup & salad . not bad for the $", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok food , reasonable service . i feel like it 's a little overpriced for the quality , but not horribly so , fyi , for those checking out the architecture , it has had many occupants over the years , even a bank .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for a family of 5 we ate fairly cheap . was about $ 35 for all of us . we are first timers , and we 're ok with our kids having a soup & salad buffet ! employees were very friendly , and food never sat empty . they were constantly refilling and removing plates . the food was mediocre . i seen the review from earlier today so i made sure to ask if they had fresh cucumbers . cucumbers at 7pm were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always like coming here although today the cheese and broccoli soup was really salty but everything else was on point . staff is friendly and helpful . thanks ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am an easy five star but i can not deny soupersalad the honor . service was good tonight , the food is always fresh and yummy . the cornbread rocks and brownies too ! not to harsh on the wallet either , especially with the coupons as others have mentioned . try it if you have n't !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no comparison to sweet tomatoes . the salads were just basic ingredients nothing fancy . then potato was old . breads were stale . just souper disappointment . wasted time and left loosing my appetite", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not the greatest selection , i was charged over 10 dollars when the reviews i read stated it was under that . the service was nice but not worth coming back . they should have a bigger soup selection . also on the taco meat do n't add so much cumin ... that was brutal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super salad gave me a food baby . good choices , fresh salads , good selections . a place you can stuff yourself and not feel guilty about .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when this place first opened in the `` nuclear reactor '' trust building it was terrific . good fresh food and we used to take our growing kids and have them load up . a bargain . then sweet tomatoes opened up across the freeway . the variety and freshness there just tops this place . sadly we 've watched this restaurant get older , a little dirtier and the food not quite as good as it was . however the prices are quite a bit lower than across the freeway and there us the nostalgia element for us empty nesters . i love the salad and the blueberry bread is the bomb - makes me eat too much and offset the salad . they are courteous and speedy with a tea refill which is nice . the yogurt machine can get nasty so they need to clean that more . it is a good meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is always a great place to take the kiddos for a healthy meal and ice cream for dessert . the location of this one makes it easy to find and the building looks like a giant onion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the worse ... . cucumbers where bad , tacos tasted so weird i almost threw up ! nothing is fresh or has taste ... will never come back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super yummy . have always loved coming to souper salad ! this location was clean and had good food . if you do not like salads this is not the best place for you because the other choices were not very good . except the corn pasta was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is part of a chain , in a rundown mall , in a retro building from a 60 's sci-fi movie . but , the food is worth the trip back to bad architecture land . salads are salads and soup is soup but the variety and the freshness of the ingredients make this place stand out . the mexican cheddar soup was fantastic , just the right amount of kick to let you know that you are in arizona not kansas . if you get too overcome by healthy there is plenty of bad stuff available : ice cream , pizza and sugary delights . do n't let the idea of going to a chain soup & salad place stop you from enjoying this place . and enjoy the retro-building and try to guess what it was in its glory days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start with , i love souper salad , being going to them for at least 16 yrs ... the problem i have it 's with this location by metro mall ... seriously dirty , the floors , the tables ... the booth , nasty . i ca n't even imagine what the kitchen looks like . i just ca n't do this place ever again . either the people there just do n't care about cleaness because is still a good price , or they just as nasty . this souper salad needs help bad -- - remodeling , cleaning and nice people to work , cause the waitress we got was either not happy to be there or plainly just a b - i - t % & ^^ you get my point .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here many times , but have only ever gotten the salad to go . i work in the area and it 's a great lunch , especially under 5 bucks . if you 're like me , pressed for time and do n't want a burger , this is the place . i 'd say about 30 % of the time i go , they 're putting fresh vegetables out as i 'm going down the line . never see any empty trays . only complaint is twice they 've had a new dressing , once was sweet onion something or other and i ca n't remember the second , but they were there just once then gone forever ! too bad , that onion one was good . just a reminder , it 's not sweet tomatoes . the selection is smaller , but so is the check . not nearly as crowded as there either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salads are fresh , tasty , appealong , plenty of dressings and varieties . $ 12.50 per adult . price includes drinks , pasta , soups , baked potatoes , and bread . desserts are also included . servers very nice . very healthy choices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had my first appointment with dr. susan sorosky this week . all of the staff is exceptionally friendly and the appointment was set up to fit my schedule . i had the e-mail for the patient portal and all notes by the next day to myself as well as my other doctors and all imaging has already been set up . i know what all the potential next steps are , and feel comfortable with everything . granted this is step one but i have no reason to believe it will change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw dr . le and i am really happy to have found an awesome doctor ! she took the time to thoroughly review my reports and mri images and was able to catch a fracture that the hospital doctor did not tell me about . it 's really hard to find a doctor nowadays that takes their time to ensure the correct steps are taken in recovery . the office staff was very friendly and i definitely recommend coming here if you ever have an injury !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding in every way ! at the front desk i was greeted with `` welcome '' - what a nice surprise . the office staff is friendly and efficient . most importantly , dr. sorosky was thorough , attentive and personable . his state of the art equipment allowed him to fax a prescription to walgreens while i was still in his treatment room . when checking out , i was given a `` summary of today 's visit '' - a great information sheet detailing all current meds , recommended tests , and time of next visit . i highly recommend dr. sorosky .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it here ! i have a million positive things i could tell you about : 1-easy to get an appointment , i 've even gotten in the same day due to a cancellation . 2- dr susan sorosky is sooooo nice and genuine and gentle and caring ! i love her ! 3- they do n't keep me sitting in the waiting room all day . i am always actually in with the doctor within a few minutes of my appointment . 4- i 've never had issues with billing or unnecessary appointments and they coordinate with my insurance in advance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at desert spine and sports you will get the best medical care possible . drs susan and brad sorosky and all of their medical team are friendly , skilled and professional . my wife and i are both patients here and we will soon be moving to minneapolis . we wo n't be satisfied until we find the same level of care that we get from desert spine and sports . phoenix magazine says `` top doctors '' year after year -- we absolutely agree !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. hatch is great . very compassionate and caring . whole staff from front to back are awesome . if he is unsure of your condition he will get you to someone that he recommends . complete faith in him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is so nice ! i really went in thinking that people would have a chip on their shoulder from dealing with so many members of the public but there was not one person who was ever rude to me . huge lack of food options though . i ate in the cafe a few times and every time i got great service but a belly ache afterwards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of the nicest courthouses in north carolina . however , it also handles more cases than most counties in north carolina , so you 're likely to run into issues you may not see elsewhere . make sure that you are prepared before coming to court . if you 're here for traffic court , have a copy of your citation . traffic court is in room 1130 on the first floor . if you come in from the back , you are on the second floor . make sure you turn off your phone ringer or else the deputies will jump down your throat . the lines can be long , which can be avoided by hiring an attorney so you do n't have to go . parking can be difficult , so arrive early . the clerks are always kind and helpful if you have any questions . criminal clerk is located on the second floor . civil clerk is located on the third floor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i am not sure how i can rate a courthouse , but ... .. i will rate the jury assembly area . 5 star - yes they have wifi , and it is fast 5 star - yes they have ultra comfy work areas 5 star - twc on all flat screen 5 star - pool table 5 star - free popcorn 5 star - $ 12 bucks a day , woohoo 5 star - free parking -5 sar -- -- jury duty sucks , longest 8 hour day i have had in a while ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy the charlotte court house , and yes i have visited several different court houses as i work in the legal industry . i find that this particular courthouse has a wonderful ambiance . the structure , colors , and quotes used throughout the building are pleasing to the eye and do n't overwhelm me with thoughts of a horrible southern history . initially , one is greeted by this tall structure in white brick that follows throughout the building . white stone is used for the walls and benches- a big ... no huge improvement to the courthouses of the northeast . usually they are all wooden benches ... so i spend the majority of the time thinking about bb and trying not to take home any unwanted visitors . the courthouse itself has a massive chandelier style art installation in the middle of the building -it too is beautiful . that is all for now ... ill update later .. ciao", "score": "5"}
{"review": "busy , but consistently polite and professional courtroom staff , clerks , deputies , etc . parking can be a hassle . always arrive early , expect a bit of a wait going through the security checkpoint with metal detectors and x-ray machines . leave your knives , mace and brass knuckes at home . you may bring in cell phones ; but , you will likely be asked to turn them off in court . ( you do not want your cell ringing in court ) . if you have a computer , you 'll be asked to power it up . it 's a beautiful courthouse . the jury assembly area is bar none the best in the state . for more information check out : google+ or www.powmac.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were taking a drive and came across this place , we fell in love with it and plan on going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little place next to maria gardens . i was pleasantly surprised by the number of flavors including a few unique ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such a cute little ice cream shop ! i loved the atmosphere , both inside and outside . plus it 's attached to one of my favorite places , maria gardens ! this place opened in july 2015 , so it 's a little lesser known . i hope it stays that way for a bit , because i loved the personal customer service . i definitely will be returning : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in yesterday afternoon for a beer . we waited a while for the server to take our order ... she seemed very disinterested and unengaged . my beer was good , though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of our regular neighbourhood haunts due to the friendly atmosphere and great food . yes , food ! this place has one of the best brunch dinner menus around , filled with things that you would n't expect to get at a pub : pasta , fancy sandwiches and greens , delicious home-friend potatoes , omelettes , french toast ... the list goes on . the owners and staff are super-friendly and full of interesting conversation . there 's live music regularly too . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice little pub on the danforth with a lovely back patio . i do n't understand the complaints or poor reviews from the group of 7 . the patio rules are clearly stated and are in place for a reason and signs are clearly placed . the establishment is obeying bylaws and looking out for the comfort and safety of staff and patrons alike which is an indication of responsible management . the food is also fantastic and very reasonably priced . nice beer selection . portions are generous and they offer a great brunch on the weekends . staff are very friendly and personable . wonderful live music featuring local musicians .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a single employee spoke to me ( just grunted ) . the place was a mess behind the counter . i got shredded lettuce ( which i did n't ask for ) for my taco salad ? ? ? threw the food in the trash because it looked terrible . wo n't be returning . dirty restaurant and unfriendly staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm totally biased towards salsarita 's , but i just love it ! i used to go once a week when i lived around the corner . i just love the chicken they use in their tacos . also , i love their chips and queso . their queso is creamy and not too spicy , and they put a special seasoning on their chips that is very tasty ! definitely pick it over qdoba , tijuana flats , or any of those other places !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything around my office seems to be a chain . it 's still good though and it wo n't stop me from coming here . the staff is very friendly and they line moves fast ... try to get there around 11:30 and you can beat the lunch crowd ( that comes from the ibm and wachovia business offices ) . i usually get the grilled chicken quesadilla and make it a combo with chips and queso . the manager is really friendly and he remembers you when you stop by ... great place for a break during the workday .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did n't like the food or the big large lady wearing a cross on her neck . do n't know her name so i am describing her . she fixed my food and got the order wrong . she had a bad attitude and was on facebook . her instant messenger was calling her while taking my order . the owner eddie was very nice and apologized for any i inconvenient i had . i order grilled shrimp tacos but the shrimp was just boiled . the tortilla was cold even they she put it in the warmer . i will never eat her again . sorry too many good restaurants to get bad food and bad service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a lot like tijuana flats , but much better . very fresh and fast . the meats are all well seasoned and tender , the pico comes in regular , medium and spicy- mix them for a great flavor on your burrito bowl or taco salad . they do a good take out business , but there 's adequate seating . now , when we came before they had beer , but this trip none , and there 's still an issue getting their margarita bar going .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is not fresh ( anymore ) . this used to be one of my favorite places . i stopped by after a year had gone by and the food quality has significantly declined . mushy tomatoes , undercooked rice hard as a rock.. at least the guac was good . i wo n't be returning though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you need a fix for mexican this is much better than chipotle in my opinion . although it is a little pricey for an everyday meal situation is is incredibly feeling . the only reason i give it three stars and not four is because its not a sit down casual dining restaurant . all the items are pretty much the same ingredients just in different combinations . there is a wide choice of proteins that range from seafood to pork and this particular location offers margaritas although i 've never had them before so i ca n't attest to their flavor . the staff is down to earth and makes great conversation especially since i 'm a relatively new repeat customer . in the world of generic mexican southwest cuisine this difinitely the top of the barrel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starting with eddy , the very friendly general manager , and on to the efficient staff it only gets better from there with the consistently great food . yes , this is mexican fast food but it is always tasty and well-presented in a pleasant , clean atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salsarita 's is a regular stop for me and the kids . we all get the kids meals . for me , that is all the food i can eat ( or rather , that i need to eat ) . the meal comes with a hard or soft taco with chicken or beef and fixin 's of your choice , chips , a cookie , and a small drink . all for less than $ 5 ! service is fast so if you 're starving , you wo n't have a long wait to fill your tummy . salsarita 's also has food to go for large parties - great for when unexpected guests arrive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "is 1 star the lowest rating ? ick ! food was gross ! got a chicken quesadilla and it was way too salty , got asked if i want cheese on a quesadilla .. ? , and got charged the wrong price ! def not a place i 'll be eating at again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "salsarita 's is a great option for great tasting tacos , burritos , quesadillas , and enchiladas . the atmosphere is a lot of fun , too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh is right . seems like the quality at this location has really gone down , as each time we have been there it has gotten progressively worse.. they asked over and over what we wanted on our items , despite us having just told them . they no longer carried several items that were being advertised right on the menu boards . meats were extra greasy . beans were not hot . cilantro was very wilted . tea tasted off . the one bright spot was the guy who was bussing the dining area . he seemed very friendly and helpful , and did not bat an eye when one of my children spilled some water ( truly an accident ) . there are too many other options , though , for me to bother giving them yet another chance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "me and my friends love this place but maybe everybody that worked there was having a bad day . i felt rushed and the girl that made my burrito keep saying that she `` should 've locked the doors '' and `` she was tired '' . i just did n't feel welcomed at all . someone needs to do something about the night staff or we will not return . also my chips were old and the rice was cold smh ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it costs too much , the food sits all day , and they charge for anything . you ask for one more olive ... that 's 25 cents . i could go to chipotle and receive a better product . tv 's in the resturant should n't constitute for higher prices with the sub par food that is being served . they skimp on everything so you have to ensure that they make your food correctly . the taco bowls just sit in the open subjected to flies or any other pests that may be around . the chips are not crunchy and the queso is very over priced . the only positive thing about this spot is the nicely chopped lettuce and tabasco ( which was used to cover up the taste of the food ) . overall , there are better choices if your looking for a quick tex-mex fix ... hit chipotle and get more bang for your buck ! if you do take a chance ... do n't say i did n't warn you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another charlotte favorite is salsarita 's ... specifically for the shrimp burrito . i do n't know of another fast food quick food burrito place that offers shrimp . do you ? if so , post a reply and let me know asap ! although the line was crazy long and slow ... granted it was a weekday around lunchtime , the food was good and inexpensive . i 'm a chipotle girl all day but again ... for a shrimp burrito ... two thumbs up for salsarita 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in a popular apartment complex , so parking can become tricky . their chips and nachos are good , but the rest of the food can be bland . unlike chipotle , they offer free guacamole with any entree . this location does n't have the fancy coke machine like the cotswold location , so beverage options are limited . they have a full bar , but i 've never seen a person with alcoholic beverages in here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great lunch option ! quick and reasonably priced . i really like their tacos and the guacamole is delicious ! ! lots of fresh toppings ! ! for meat , definitely recommend the pulled pork and steak ! chicken was so-so ... kind of bland . service is fast and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i 'm in charlotte working this week and staying with a friend that lives by this place . he goes almost every day the food is good but it taste like moe 's but with a bar . i did n't see the big deal about it but he walks by it every day to go home so maybe that 's it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like the food here but they lose a star for their staff . i always get take out so the staff wo n't keep me from coming back when i need a mexican fix . i love that i can choose all the ingredients to create my own dish . management does need to do something about their unprofessional employees . they are always playing and talking back and forth instead of 100 % focusing on the customer in front of them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh food , customer service is ok . parking can be congested at times . there is a small bar area and outside eating area . employees always eating and drinking behind the counter every time i come . they should eat in the back or sit in dining area . not professional seeing someone stuff their face before they serve you . daily specials , we 'd . is nacho day ! an ok place for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i definitely recommend this place . it 's as close to authentic that you can get . the salsas sauces and queso are really good . you get so much for a reasonable price ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just like everyone in the universe i love chipotle , however this restaurant falls short in several areas . firstly the rice is always undercooked . it 's clear that they are always getting slammed by the akron crowd , but that does n't mean the rice has to be undercooked . secondly , they really skimp on the ingredients , especially the barbacoa . i order double and feel like i got a single order . i 've been to several other locations and in comparison this place is clearly cutting customers on ingredients . the chips are always stale and over salted which is sad considering you have to pay for them . lastly , i 've ordered online before and twice my food was prepared incorrectly . i also feel like they really skimp on ingredients when you order online , which they can since it is n't being prepared in front of you ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the worst chipotle i have been to and have given it several chances , pretty bad when u would rather drive 20 mins out of the way to go to another location when this location is 5 mins away . the wait is always ridiculous and service is always slow , not to mention the rice is always undercooked and always get cheated on the meat . and half the time out of lettuce . one night at closing , food was being rationed to customers depending on what staff wanted to take home w them . terrible ! when contacting chipotle about this place , they do n't even give you a reply back ... ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far the worst service at a chipotle . do n't bother placing an order online . you 'll end up standing around the counter for 30 minutes while they keep forgetting to make your order . unbelievable and unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dont see why everyone likes this place got a chicken and steak burrito they were both cold and not good at all rice was way under cooked very crunchy . not worth the 6.25 each .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i frequently use the online ordering tool for this chipotle location and they 've never let me down . they always have my food ready , and they are polite and friendly . the few times i 've gone in to order the line is usually long , but kept at a pretty quick pace because everyone is working hard to keep the line going as fast as possible which is greatly appreciated . i 'm glad this is my chipotle of choice because i 've been to others that pale in comparison .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst chipotle ever ! they are either stingy or barely on the money . the line is constantly out the door because they are slow ! ! if you ask for something extra or if they mess up , they give you an attitude . and calling the order in is worse ! ! it takes less time to just show up then place the order and go there and wait for it some more . terrible ! never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star earned for extremely poor level of service . add this location to the list of chipotle 's that work slower as the line gets longer ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fav location it 's always slammed but it 's worth it in my eyes the ppl who work here are hands down the most welcoming and friendliest peeps ever love love love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chipotle i 've ever been to and i 've been to a lot ! ! food is always fresh and delicious , service is always good . i find myself going out of my way to visit this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i '' ll start by saying that i love chipotle . but , this location is awful . so slow that the lines are out the door . also have to wait too long even when picking up an online order . this is surprising as they have a lot of people working here but fail to move quickly enough .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good . usually never a problem with lined when i go in . today i will say my black beans were undercooked , but other than that , no complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "placed an online order for pickup . went a couple minutes early and they were finishing it the moment i walked in . got helped instantly . i think i was in the store for maybe 45 seconds , tops . exactly how a pickup order should be . friendly service , tasted great . usually have a good experience at this particular location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big fan of chipotle . at this location there is always a long line . food is always fresh and tasty . some days the staff are very warm and welcoming other days it feels like your bothering them when you giving them your order . great price point for the amount of food you get . sometimes they are a little slow cleaning tables after guests . over all a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chipotle . like absolutely just fricken love it . i do n't get many cravings , like deep cravings that you just any go without . and chipotle is one of them for me . the whole reason i go to the gym 5-6 days a week is so i can go here . and i only allow myself a few times a year because it is so bad for you . everything they have is delicious . this is where i would normally go through and tell you what i got and what i liked about it but when i say everything is good , everything is just fantastic . my normal now are the barbacoa tacos with rice , black beans , hot and corn salsa , cheese , sour cream and guac . it is the best thing you will ever have . i would choose this over almost any elaborate dinner you could think of . thank you chipotle and also damn you . i want to eat here every day but if i did i would be 400 lbs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chipotle is pretty good but , i noticed the prices are high and they give you a small amount of rice with a teaspoon of meat . the portions are not suitable for the amount you pay . the cashier will help prepare food then go back to taking money and vice verse ( yuck ) ! i have n't been back and probably wo n't go back bcz of these issues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a chipotle fanatic . this one has come such a long way in the last 8 or so months . my online orders are always 100 % and ready when i walk in . they always greet me when i pick up an online order and get me out the door quickly which is excellent . when the line is long and i go in , they move very quickly . overall , excellent experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slowest chipotle i 've ever been to . easily takes twice as long as other places that have twice the line . one can imagine an all chipotle olympics , with events like fastest burrito roll and most chicken cooked in an hour . this team would come in very near the last . the management here should take their team to some other chipotle , any other chipotle and see how it should be done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . they have all the odd magazines that you would love to flick through but would never actually buy . before i got my first computer ( years ago now ) it was great to be able to browse with no computer experience and not have those people you get at a internet cafe peering over your shoulder and shaking their head . there is a small but good kids area and at the other end a good reference section . worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely old building . lovely library within . as well as usual wide range of reading material for all ages , there 's computers for internet access , and a really nice children 's area . regular storytimes and bookstart rhymetimes for wee ones . nice library with friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leith library is a lovely wee place . the building is old and charming and inside , the library itself is warm and inviting . the staff are helpful and friendly , and are knowledgeable about the services the library has to offer . it has a wide range of books for people of all ages and plenty of computers which are free to use . there is also a little childrens play area to amuse the smaller kids . i use this library regularly and would recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only ever really come here for the book bug sessions every alternate tuesday and wednesday ... .if you can ever get it right ! : ) it 's really busy during this time and if you 're here for it i would arrive early but do n't stress if you 're late as you can just slip in at the back totally unnoticed ! if you 're here to borrow books or read them study them in peace then perhaps it 's not the right time of day for you : ) in case you 're reading this review and are interested in the book bug sessions at leith then the times are as follows ! first and third tuesday of every month , 10.30-11.15am second and fourth wednesday of every month , 10.30-11.15am if there 's a 5 week month then all the best as i still have n't figured out what the system is so i would probably ask the chap at reception .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice to look at from the inside the leith library on ferry road is definitely worth a visit . before i joined this library i had n't used a non-academic library since i was a child and i felt like a kid in a sweet shop when i was set loose on the shelves . the staff are always incredibly helpful and if you ca n't find something they will find it for you or order it in . as well as a brilliant range of fiction , including very recent releases , they also have a pretty sizeable range of foreign language material , catering to the multi-cultural demography of leith today . if you want somewhere to sit in peace and read the paper or magazines , this is where to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved , loved everything we ordered ! ! ! my husband and i ordered 4 small plates to share as a mid afternoon snack . when we tried them , neither one of us wanted to share at that point . the food was phenomenal and service on point ! the only drawback is the limited parking situation in that area of town . but , do n't let that stop you from venturing through the madness , you 'll love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for drinks after dinner . excellent selection of local craft beers . i had a delicious manhattan with a virginia bourbon . it was a slightly sweeter manhattan . great atmosphere with a local duo performing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so amazing ! i love the atmosphere , the beer selection , and the food ! everything we ordered was unique and tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well worth the visit . food is exceptional . sandwiches to tapas , everything is rich in flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stop # 1 on the trolley pub , davidson street public house . this review is for drinks and service only since our time here was limited . i think that they had awesome beer , wine and cocktail selections . once i saw that they had red clay cherry bobbin ' trolls on tap , i was sold since i freaking love this cider ! judging from the reviews it looks like this place has some really good food , ca n't wait to try it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have waited to try this tapas place for over a year ! thankfully they lived up to the expectations and dazzled my tastebuds ! we tried sharing the jalapeno bacon deviled eggs starter -- they were delicious but i had a problem with the fact they gave us 3 egg halves . ( why not give the other half of the egg if there are two people ? ) granted it 's minor points but still odd . on to the tapas plates -- we loved the pork belly sliders , with fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese . delicious umami combination of flavors ! we also shared the trout with panzanella salad . and we found out the panzanella is day old bread but they used cornbread which was a good texture with the trout . the salad dressing of lemon honey was a brilliant touch . we sat on the back patio which was pleasant in the sun . good beer selection too and thanks to monique for helping us find the best ones !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the food , but i think overall this restaurant is overpriced for the neighborhood . there are only 2 small plate options less than $ 10 . noda cans are $ 6 . wine is $ 8.50 , liquor is more . however , the food is good ( i 've had a burger , mac n cheese , and fried green tomatoes with crab ) . no complaints , i just ca n't afford to patron the restaurant frequently .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for brunch here after church . it was ok , but not great . the menu sounds really good , but the execution was just ok. two of us ordered the skillet with pork belly , pimento cheese , and egg . sounds delicious right ? well , it was just ok . there was an abundance of potato , which overran the other flavors . i did n't even really taste the pimento cheese ( gasp ! ) . i was really looking forward to the biscuit , but it was really lacking salt and fat . it was dry and tasteless . the texture was as it should be though . bf got scrambled eggs , bacon and grits ( we think , not memorable ) , and an order of the french toast . the french toast was good , but not really good . overall the meal was forgettable , and we would rather go to several places nearby instead of coming back here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went for the first time on friday night by a recommendation of a friend . we were seated at the bar immediatly . staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu . we ordered.the meatball tapa and pork belly sliders . they had unusual flavors and both were very good . i wanted to try the crabmeat tapa , but we will save it for a our next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must say , for being open only 10 days , they were jammin . we were greeted by a friendly hostess and immediately sat at a table . drinks were served with a smile in a timely manner . nice selection or beer and wine . as for the apps , we had the shrimp and beet special -amazing ! and the lamb stuffed mac n cheese - to die for ! ! the sandwiches were plentiful and tasty . my fav though , roasted turkey sandwich with hand cut fries . yum ! a must have . we ca n't wait to visit again . look forward to clayton 's creativity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the last time i ate in this spot it was a korean restaurant - so yeah , its been awhile . i was used to pretty high restaurant turnover and did n't have high expectations . i was right away impressed with their sour beer selection - both on tap and in the bottle . they even had the just released sour from wooden robot . we sampled a few small plates while we sipped our drinks at the bar . they have pretty good weekday specials so a good spot to hit mid-week . the pastrami meatballs were dope- comforting but not too heavy . the sardine had millions of tiny bones- i know sardines are boney but i wish we had been given a heads up when we ordered and i may have chosen something else . they 're doing good stuff in noda - i ca n't wait to visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really great ! we went on a thursday night and there were a decent amount of people but there was no wait and we sat down right away . we ordered the pimento cheese dip as an appetizer and that was not the best ... the cheese was pretty good but the crackers were way too salty . for a meal i got a mushroom caprese burger ( ca n't remember the actual name ) , but it is a vegetarian option and it was awesome . they also split it in half on two plates because i was sharing with my mom . my dad got the steak sandwich and said it was the best steak sandwich he 's ever had . as a side order we got the pork belly sliders ( really delicious ) and corn and jalape\u00f1o sliders ( i did n't like them very much but i 've never tried these , so i ca n't compare to others ) . our waitress was also super nice and friendly- i 'm coming back here for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met an out of town friend here who was passing through for the night . the service was very attentive , a really nice selection of beers , many of them local , and an interesting and creative menu . we made a few selections-the deviled eggs and pork belly sliders were my favorites . the only complaint was that at 9pm on a friday the tunes were so loud that conversation was almost impossible . since the main reason for being out was to visit as we only see each other 1-2 times a year we left quickly after our meal to find somewhere quieter for more drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what are you waiting for ? stop reading this and go there immediately ! great food , great cocktails , and great beers are waiting for you . seriously this place is awesome . my advice is next sunday get in your car , visit some noda breweries and then stop here for lunch . they have an amazing menu full of fun choices . this is the best burger i have had in charlotte , the reuben meatballs are tasty and fun , the korean short ribs are sensational , the cheeseballs are a must , the airline chicken is delicious ! the cocktails are top notch , the draft list always has something good on it , and the service is great . there are lots of good choices in noda , but this one is a must for me . even if i am just in the are for smelly cat coffee ( the best coffee in town ) i hear this place calling my name ! i love to see places are that are doing everything right be so successful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cool bar restaurant ... brand new with a cool old style neighborhood bar . great beers on tap ! ! ! very cold beers ! ! ! great weight staff ! ! ! get the meat cheese plate ! ! ! or corn and jalape\u00f1o fritters ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best restaurant i 've been to since coming back from nyc . if you like seafood , get the scallops entree -- they were perfectly seared , buttery , and melted in your mouth . strawberry cheesecake-filled bread pudding was a nice , not-too-sweet way to bring the meal to a close . good beer cocktail selection . excellent service . will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great dinner here last night before a show at the evening muse ! so many bars have the same mediocre menus while this place was a cut above . very interesting menu & food was fantastic ! it was obvious there was a chef in the kitchen rather than someone manning the microwave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered the lamb lollipop , trout , scallops and mussels . everything was great with the exception of the mussels which was disappointing . we did tell the server and we got a sorry versus a new one . it was super bitter and the sauce was not good . other than that the atmosphere was great though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we celebrated 2 birthdays in one night and had such a great time ! everyone was very happy with their food and the atmosphere was fun . highlights were the twist on the moscow mule cocktail with vanilla , the blt , jalapeno fritters , and lamb chops - basically everything we had . we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is one of my favorite noda spots ! the small plates are incredible ! definitely try the jalape\u00f1o fritters !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great and the service excellent . def will be back soon . wife and daughter loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful new addition to noda ! service is great , food is amazing . the beer taps are changed frequently which we love ! if you decide to go , start with the meats and cheese plate or jalape\u00f1o fritters : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to leave the burbs for a night in noda and are so happy we ended up here ! nice date night ambiance , but plenty of groups too ! we decided to eat at the bar , and had some friends meet us after dinner . meagan was an awesome bartender and helped us pick between meals as well as specialty cocktails . there was music playing by a one man band you can say , but he kept it quiet enough so we could still chat . the food ... . definitely something different ! not your run of the mill bar food , but not so crazy that you need it all explained . we started with the corn fritters ( yum ) and then bad the davidson burger and the mussels for our main courses . my husband raved about the burger- it was tasty and a large size . i had the mussels- definitely different- in a creamy sauce versus a broth with some veggies mixed in . the bread to dip was delicious too ! we would love to come back another time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't wait till company comes to visit from out of town because this is where i 'm taking them . so proud to show off my wonderful city and the wonderful places like this one . enough said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tapas and beer selection . cozy atmosphere . the food is well balanced and full of flavor . the sliders are the best in charlotte hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and beer . small plate menu is nice . it 's basically tasting versions of `` entree '' type items which is awesome . gives you the opportunity to try multiple `` entrees ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here at the end of my evening at the suggestion of delphine from cabo fish taco . exactly what i wanted . in a city and neighborhood of craft beers , this was a perfect cocktail spot . kelly took care of me and mike was great as well . i 'm not sure of the methodology but i felt from kelly as though i was a regular . the `` davidson & 36th '' and `` new york sour '' with cabernet floater ( whaaaaaa ? ? ? ? ) were both perfect . super talented jazz trio behind me blended perfectly with the scene . subtle enough to not drown me out but good enough to make me stop and applaud at the end of every song . i do n't know when i 'll be in noda again but i will most definitely return here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had tried every other noda restaurant so decided to give this one a whirl . i 'll make this short and sweet , get the fried green tomatoes with crab salad . we also got the lamp popsicles , lamb confit , pork belly sliders , and wings . all good , but wishing they were the crab salad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely a fan of this place ! let me start off saying that it 's a bit pricey so i would come here if you are trying to treat yo ' self . i come here mainly for the tapas . some of my favorites that i would recommend include : 1 . lamb lollipops yes . they change their menu often though so what i have had might not be what you will have . 2 . dry rub wings 3 . pork belly sliders i have gotten the crispy pork belly confit before and i was pretty disappointed . also , the pork belly blt was also just ok . the sandwich was huge and they just put the pork belly on top ... i did n't even know how to eat it or even where to begin . everything just ended up falling apart and it was definitely deconstructed . other than that , come here at night , get some drinks and tapas , and you 'll love this place as much as i do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best food in noda . great craft beer selection and cocktails . stephanie gave us fantastic service . was very impressed and we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced , watered-down drinks that you 're getting in a bar whose neighbors are infinitely better with more character . and this bar replaced the beloved miyagi 's korean restaurant . go to jack beagle 's , salud or the blind pig instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! the pork belly sliders melt in your mouth and the charcuterie plate has some wonderful choices . food is wonderful , never had a bad meal and they always have drink specials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service in this place is absolutely horrendous . avoid kelly the bartender at all costs ! ! she recommended a draft beer that my girlfriend hated . she actually said that we needed to pay for it ! ! ! i 've never been to a bar that does this . she ruined our entire experience here . her attitude is absolutely the worst and i 'm surprised that this place would allow her to interact with the public .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really enjoyed this visit to davidson street public house . food is excellent . i really enjoy the elevated style of home cooked items . pork belly sliders blended really well with each layer . corn fritters i expected more heat but appreciated that the flavor of jalape\u00f1os popped as opposed to too much heat . great cocktail menu . professional service leaning toward consistent customer acknowledgment anticipating my needs . great job to this fantastic crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolutely only negative thing is that they are closed on mondays ! they have fabulous food ! i love the charcuterie , they brought us one of the wrong cheese and fixed it for us right away . theu change up the cheese and meat options often . i had fried green tomatoes that were to die for !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a great ambiance , and overall good food . we ordered the portabella caprese sandwich with fries and a davidson burger . it was all very delicious . we also had three tapas to share for the table , these were the cucumber dill cups , one of the spreads ( roasted garlic ) and the corn jalape\u00f1o fritters . highly recommend the spread , the other ones were ok ... but i personally think it all was a little expensive for what it was . i must say , the presentation was beautiful ! ! the portions of the portabella sandwich and the burger were generous . but i must say , that for what it was it was an expensive meal ... i would recommend coming , but for a special occasion or if you are not in a budget . lastly , we went there in tuesday night , and there was trivia night . unless you want to partake , i would n't recommend it , it 's very loud ! overall a good experience ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for an adventurous eater , the food here is a delight . spicy and sweet ( it had my nose running ) , proteins you do n't find elsewhere ( goat and gizzards ) , and off-the-chart yummy seasonings . reasonable prices too . the big downer is the ambience . the place for many years was an italian restaurant , and it 's still decorated like one . and worse , it still smells like one . the carpeting and stinky drapes need to go . you 'll have to weigh for yourself whether the great food or the bad setting wins out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want an american dinning experience do n't bother . if you want good food , this is the place . the restraint is not fancy . it is clean and comfortable . the food was very different . the four of us ordered enough food for eight . we tried a lot of different dishes . some of us like some of the dishes while others did n't . no food was disliked by all . this is not fast food . bring some good companions and enjoy each other while you wait for food fixed from scratch not from a bag . be flexible . some items were not available but similar dishes were substituted . both goat dishes were very good . chicken gizzards and plantains were very tasty . who knew ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been looking for some good curry goat and found it , there are no jamacan spots in north phoenix . this place is a welcome change from the usual . i had the zollof rice with goat and it was soooo good ! my boyfriend had ayamesha and loved it . we also had meat pies that were pretty tasty , not as spicy as the jamacan style but still good . we 'll def be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "also ich wahr am samstag in diese d\u00f6ner imbiss und ich muss sagen f\u00fcr 2eur wahr ein leckere d\u00f6ner.unter der woche kostet 3eur.sa.u.so.nur 2eur.sehr empfehlenswert", "score": "5"}
{"review": "endlich ein guter d\u00f6ner in sindelfingen ! ! ! d\u00f6nerl\u00e4den gibts zwar nicht wenige hier , aber dieser war der erste mit dem wir vollauf zufrieden sind . was ihn von den anderen unterscheidet : - gurke auf dem d\u00f6ner ( scheint hier eine rarit\u00e4t zu sein ) - leckeres fleisch , 2 sorten zur auswahl - es gibt pepperoni , die genau richtig scharf sind - echt gute so\u00dfe ! - salat und krautsalat - 'echte ' d\u00f6nerbr\u00f6tchen , nicht so ein fladending - samstag und sonntag kostet der d\u00f6ner nur 2eur ( normal : 3eur ) die punkte gibts in der gegend wirklich selten . alles andere passt auch : schnelle , nette bedienung , man wird gefragt ob man 'mit scharf ' will ( andere hauens einfach drauf ) , sauberkeit , zentrale lage alles in allem : super laden , bin mittlerweile stammgast ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alles so , wie in vorherigem beitrag beschrieben . lecker , freundlich , sauber passt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come in to have my tires filled because my lower tire pressure light is on ... .. so please explain to me why they have to test drive my car and then have it up on the hoist ? ? ? ? i may be a female but i 'm pretty sure filling up tires does n't call for all that extra stuff . my car is fine , it 's like they want to find things wrong with your car so they can charge you some outrageous price to fix something that was n't a problem in the first place . if you want your tires filled up with nitrogen you 're better off going to the dealer . i would n't be surprised if the purposely messed something up so i will have to come back . stay away from this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bent 2 rims by hitting a curb and my car was towed there by aaa . was told my car had no brakes and needed to replace all 4 rotors and brake pads , 1 rear brake caliper and that i blew my shocks out by hitting the curb . my quote was $ 2,200 ! i let them replace the rims and rear brakes but not the other items . took my car to the toyota dealership 2 days later and was told there was nothing wrong with my brake pads rotors on the front and that my shocks were totally fine and did not need replaced . i wish i had not replaced the rear brakes with them ... most likely was not needed and i feel scammed . will only take my car to toyota from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "despite making an appointment , my tire rotation took over 90 minutes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a patron of this store since it opened and i do not know where to begin , so i 'll start with this , stay away ! as one other rater mentioned in another post , they keep changing managers . because the place is so convenient i have tried to use it over the years and each time i do , i get disgusted and stop . then they get a new manager and i try again , each time with the same result . the guys are either incompetent or unconcerned with customer satisfaction and safety . i have had multiple bad experiences , but the one that takes the cake is when they installed new tires on my vehicle and two of them went flat while driving on the 215 soon there after . the reason for the flat tires is they reused the old valve stems when installing the new tires . are you kidding me , who does that and charged for new ? answer above . be careful with these guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "remember , stick to their specialities ... . tires ! anything else , run . wise man says do n't buy chicken strips from a pizza place . got it ... lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took my moms car in supposedly needed oil pan gasket , 3 days later my check engine light came on auto-zone was able to scan my car found out my app sensors were off all of a sudden took car back in and of course nothing we can do we had nothing to do with that said dexter . i 'll never take any of my cars here again i honestly would n't come here for any job they 're all very unprofessional cussing to customers because we 're close in age , taking non business calls instead of tending to customers very poor work ethic everyone kind of just mopes around . terrible service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tire works ann rd . crooks ! i went in for an oil change and was told i needed 2 new front tires . i was told i was worn past the ware bars on the tires . so i went home and checked looked good to me , so i went to sams , costco and discount tires ! they all said they are fine , they will need to be replaced in the future but not any time soon . crooks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in a couple days ago with my wife 's 2002 chevy prism for tires and experienced the best service from josh and the team at tire works ! i cant say enough great things , the shop is now under new management and i felt no pressure to do anything , just great customer service . josh and the team put 4 new tires , breaks , cv joint , and fixed the oil leak , the car runs great now and i was just so impressed , you can tell everything was done well not only by the great customer service but by the way the car drives now . my car is now at 141,000 miles and i know after this tune up it will reach well over 200,000 thanks to the great service at tire works !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called to find out how much it costs to have some tires mounted and balanced . i was given a price per tire . when i arrived in the store they did n't know what i was talking about and charged double the cost i was quoted on the phone . i went here because the price on the phone was cheaper than the discount tire 3 minutes from my house . but it ended up being the same in the store . from now on i will just go to discount tire . i ended up having the tires mounted here simply because it cost the same as the other local tire shops . but the wait ended up being nearly 3 hours . unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome professionals . this was my first time here but i have found my permanent go to place . the manager mike kept me informed and explained everything and made me feel comfortable . this is important to me being a single female . i was told what needed to be done now and what could wait for another visit . i left feeling great and so did my car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst place i have ever been too ! i got all new tires from them , after a week i noticed it was pulling to the right and took it in the fixed it , after 2 months i got the tires rotated and it immediately pulled to the right . so took it back said they fixed it . not fixed took it back guy said it might be a radial pull and they would check it out . came back saying its the caliber and i needed to pay $ $ $ i said no took it to 2 other places they all said it was a radial pull and the tire needed to be swapped . they are refusing to fix the bad tire they gave me . do n't ever ever go to this place . firestone up the street on ann and decature is the best place . owner and managers are honest , friendly , and always willing to work with you . i 'll never go anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "run do n't walk from this location ! ! dealt with dexter -the mismanager . what a nightmare ! ! came in to get air in a tire and a brake inspection . $ 25 charge just to look at..asked dexter 3 times for a written quote..over $ 1100 for brakes ? ? ! really ? ? i needed brakes all around ? really ? had done elsewhere new calibers and all for almost 1 2 the cost- and no charge to inspect . after all was said and done ... just getting air in the tire was a mission at this location ... we left without even getting air here . run do n't walk from this location ... gon na need tires soon too ... guess where i 'm not going ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place ever ! ! ! every time they try to fix somthing it ends up getting worse . 3 times i 've had the oil filters placed wrong and had it spew out oil in my driveway . they change my belts for `` routine maintenance '' ... .now they squeak ( two years later they still wont fix the squeak ) . they serviced my brakes and now one side is clicking ... .they just told me i need new breaks ( they were n't clicking before they serviced them ) . i used to use their oil change coupons but am now to the point that i 'll just pay more for oil changes and avoid all the trouble . it took me a while but i 've learned my lesson .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "get there early . i went for an oil change . they have 3 packages . regular ( basic oil ) to synthetic . with no waiting you 're looking at 45 min to an hour . smaller vehicles usually needs 4 quarts of oil at the regular prices . however , if you vehicle requires 5 quarts then they will charge for the extra . good luck yelpers !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best experience , i have not had many great experiences when having my car serviced , coming from a service industry background i understand how the business works . # 1 great appointment setting `` charlie '' did a excellent job setting up the appointment , getting the car in on time , giving updates on work being done , very well run and smoothly operated . # 2 knowledge was exceptional , i know when i am getting the run around and knew what condition the car was in . they addressed everything and confirmed any items i might have not seen as worn , no bs just straight up what they saw . # 3 customer service above and beyond start to finish # 4 went in for a alignment , it was done proper and above my expectations again great communication between the technician , service store manager and customer me . # definantley will go back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andres did an excellent job fixing my slow leak , which turned out to be a screw . he also changed my oil all while i waited , only 30 mins ! the staff is very courteous & polite . i 'll be coming here for all my car needs from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike was very helpful and friendly . took me out to look at the car so i knew he was telling the truth . alberto was kind and a great mechanic , he even took me home . great experience", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joshua and the workers are great . a lot less expensive than down the road . i had two tires exchanged and it only cost $ 48.00 mounted and balanced and they completed the job quickly and efficiently ! convenient location and hours ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome and quick service ! i pulled in to have the low pressure light looked at and was seen right away ! thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "under we management was very speedy and pleasant the staff all to the techs in the back room no pushy on service and very knowledgeable about what 's going on today with cars . i came in for a oil change and they also found a fixed a tire for free . will deff return and tell friends and family : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! ! friendly staff ! ! great experience ! ! went in with a tire problem and they were awesome ! ! highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to give a shout out to charlie at the location of ann rd . i recently had some battery issues , and he was very helpful and went out of his way to make sure i was taken care of ! i appreciate it very much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will never go there to get air in my tires the clerk tried to charge me 5.00 a tire i think that is a bit ridiculous i normally just tip the clerk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my car there for a little bit now and never have had a problem . always willing to work with me , drop me off at home and pick me up when they are done . always smiling and very helpful . they show me what 's wrong and i never have any doubts that i wo n't be taken care of ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time visiting tireworks total car care . i was originally going to dr. auto next door , where i have been a customer for some years , to have a diagnostic test on my car . dr.auto charges $ 99.00 plus any additional repairs needed . i went to tireworks and was told that a diagnostic would be $ 50.00 and the cost would be applied to any repairs needed . i informed dr. auto the price difference and would they honor that price and they said no . so i decided to havetireworks do diagnostic and the minor repairs needed . i was totally impressed by the courteous and professional assistance by the store manager . i will now go to tireworks for my future repairs and will be highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good price but being my first time bad experience . asked to change back tires . and instead they change front . took about 1 hr 20 min to make mistake and another 30 mins to fix problem . not good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "brought a tire bought drom them 3 months ago and they as id that i need a new tire and because my daught drove 1 2 a block on tire it voided warenty . had another tire that my son put a plug into and did n't dike the plug so it came out . again answer was need a new tire it could n't be repaired . it still jas full tred ? scam sham . i knownew tires is where the money is ; however honoring a warranty keeeps people that buy six tires in a year coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a rip off ! it was good when keil was there but , since he 's left , the lace has gone downhill . i paid then $ 2400 for work to be done on my car for all of my dash lights to be lit up when they were done.. i took it back every week for 6 weeks and they could not get my lights off . i had to take it back to centennial toyota ( although they are crooks themselves ) and they informed me that my entire computer system was fried . tire works paid centennial toyota to replace it so , that is one good thing that they did . overall i am severely disappointed in the service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the second time today , i tried getting an oil change and to get new wiper blades for the beast ( 2008 saab 9-7x ) at one of the tire works locations ( first location was on craig and decatur ) . the guy at the counter tells me there are two ahead of me and the wait should be about 30 minutes + - maybe 10 . so i said i could wait . i waited alright , a whole hour and10 minutes . needless to say , i did n't get the work done . i just left in disgust . next time , i 'll just go to where i normally go early in the morning . should never take that long to get an oil change or even wait to get one done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i brought my 2002 suv in for repair . there were suspension problems and i needed new tires . the problem was it was going to take 5 hours to repair , i did n't have another vehicle and i had a critical project that i needed to complete that day mike , the manager , was kind enough to lend me his own truck so i could get my car fixed and at the same time , meet my pending deadline . the work was done in a timely and professional manner and i was able to complete my project , thanks to the crew at tireworks ! most people , when they write reviews , only write to complain . when a company or individual goes out of their way to take care of you and earn your business , you should take the time to acknowledge them as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yay ! i 'm a fan - sounds about right : ) if you are a shawarma fan , this is a great place to check out . i had a great lunch here . ordered a mixed shawarma meat salad that was really good . they offer steak and chicken shawarma , both were delicious but i think the chicken was a bit more flavorful . there are various salad mix-ins available like tomatoes , cucumbers , onion , chickpeas ... i had my salad with tsaziki sauce as dressing , and warm pita bread . i also tried a bit of cabbage salad and eggplant salad . neither disappointed . the cucumber cooler was pretty good as well . not too sweet and refreshing . a yelp check in gets you a free dessert and even when trying to be skinny , i can never say no to dessert ... i opted for a chocolate drizzled baklava that was fresh and tasty . well rounded , almost guilt free meal . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mediterranean style chipotle . wraps , bowls , fries , etc . i got the beef bowl with all of the toppings . of course go for the tzatziki sauce . i would get this again ! we also ordered the shawarma hummus bowl . we were a little confused and did n't expect what we got . the bowl is literally just hummus with meat on top ( lamb or beef ) and a couple of pieces of pita bread . order an extra order of pita ! you will have so much leftover hummus if you do n't : ) there 's a groupon that will even cut your order cost in half !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adding a star because i had the steak bowl today and it was amazing . i also finally asked about the extra toppings and they are an additional $ 1 for olives , feta cheese and tabouli salad . i added feta and tabouli to my bowl and it was really delicious . i like how they give generous amounts of meat and toppings . my steak bowl was super flavorful and reasonably priced . and they added a few more tables outisde .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really wish there was a half star option on yelp cause this place is really a solid 3.5 star . came back to use the other voucher from groupon and while the customer service was worse this time around but portion size was better . waited a good 5 minutes with someone else waiting behind me while 3 employees all just stood around not even greeting us or asking if we needed help . also , he tried to just skip over the sauce and veggies till i told him to hold on and add some stuff ... got a tuna bowl and falafel plate again and they definitely gave a heartier more sufficient portion this time . would i come back ? maybe if i am in the area since there are n't many relatively healthy , quick options nearby . would i come out of my way to come here ? definitely not ! it is totally hit or miss with customer service , portion size , etc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food & reasonably priced whats not to like ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here 3 times in 7 days . this place is the best and the staff and owners are the nicest people . the food is great and the dinning area is really clean . you ca n't go wrong at this place . try the bbq baguette or the falafel plate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better late than never but this place is mediterranean heaven ! ordered the steak plate & loved the mediterranean rice & salad . definitely add tzatziki & definitely get the pita chips & hummus . the steak was so tender & seasoned well . i also loved the customer service . workers were very welcoming & explained how to order upon finding out it was our first time . my only dislike would be the baklava ( which you get for free with a yelp checkin ) . i just did n't enjoy the texture & taste but besides that , dinner was awesome ! will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is chipotle for mediterranean food . and it . is . delicious . i 've only been here once because the location is very inconvenient for me and i 'm extremely lazy about driving more than 5 minutes to go anywhere , but if it were closer , i 'd be here all the time . ( it 's probably better this way , i have very little self-control . ) if you like spicy - get the hot sauce . mix it with the white sauce , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food . had the bowl with mix of both beef and chicken and it was very satisfying . the taste was right on point . the staff are very helpful when it comes to recommendation . i 'm looking forward to returning soon to try other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome mediterranean-mideast . without a doubt , best falafel sandwich in the city . huge size , awesome taste , at great price . also had the stuffed grapeleaves and the accompanying sauce and it was as good as my mother 's . food is fresh , everything prepared in front of you and extremely clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is oh my gosh , so amazing ! ! ! ! by far one of the best mediterranean places i have ever had . i got a large wrap with chicken and steak shawarma packed with all sorts of delicious toppingsthe portions are good for the price , i will be back soon . too bad there 's not one out in la , it 'd be my favorite spot ! this place deserves more than 5 stars ! the line cook was very friendly and super helpful , he explained the menu very thoroughly . great food and customer service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bro ... are you serious ? ? ? i ordered the gyro off of the vertical meat cooker that spins slowly . all i got was burnt pieces . like really burnt . so bad i only ate the bread and veggies inside . i was gon na ask for my money back before continuing to eat it but its prob gon na be a hassle to get a refund from a small business so i just left . this place is no bueno ... no bueno at all ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is fire . they slice the meat off a freaking rotating spit ! customizable ordering so you can make it your own . gluten free options . vegetarian options . healthy . super fresh . get the parsley fries and ask them to add tzatziki to em . you 'll die then thank me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was thinking this would be more of a sit down restaurant where you order from the table instead of a chipotleish style of mediterranean food . thought there would be more room inside for eating . the only thing good i had was the cucumber chiller which i would go back for . not so much the food service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their shawarma meat is delicious . the baklava was delicious , too . all of the food was very good . it has to be for me to drive so far to get it ! the only thing that was subpar was the tzatziki sauce . it was runny and the veggies in it were very limp . that 's one of my favorite things , and the reason for the loss of one star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a cute little side spot , they 'd play bumpin music and serve delicious food ! it was like a mediterranean version of chipotle ! but way yummier ! very generous with portions , we could n't even finish ours ! wife did not like the baklava but that 's just cause it 's not her cup of tea , i however thought it was delicious ! definitely stop by for a cheap filling meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food here . i always get the chicken plate and add hummus . it 's delicious and fresh . i need to try more items on the menu but it 's good so i get the same thing each time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bomb red quinoa salad with your choice of sauce drizzle and cucumber drink ! a healthy alternative to the pizza cheese burger american diet . add hummus n ' chips and side of pita bread yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by for lunch , the chicken curry on bed of yellow rice with side mediterranean salad , also hummus were the best . good service , i would recommend at least trying this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best place hands down . i have never had mediterranean food and i am glad i went to parsleys for my first time . does not even compare to chipotle . i will definitely be coming back here the next time i go to vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yo . after all that buffets full of saturated fats and shit my body was yearning for something you know simple and clean . i wanted greens ( you never hear that from me that often ) . this place is a great break away from all the las vegas food . it 's prime good food . easy not too wallet breaking nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . it 's basically like chipotle but mediterranean . i 've always said the next big chain franchise is going to be a mediterranean and this place has the potential of being that restaurant ! everything just makes sense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the chicken salad with tahini dressing and scoop of eggplant salad on the side . i loved it ! ! ca n't wait to come back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the perfect choice for a family with various dietary needs . we were able to feed one vegan , two paleo and one standard eater well . the food is authentic and delicious . for vegans the falafel is awesome . the steak bowl was also tasty . portions are big .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how is this place even real ? i have no pics of my food because i inhaled it . i ordered the steak nachos with everything on them and they were bomb . also ordered the chicken bowl . really big portion size ! they did half-and-half beef and chicken for me which i thought was cool . both the spicy red and the green hot sauces were delicious . there was a big crowd but the people behind the counter were working hard to get people through the line . they were courteous and did n't make you feel rushed . we also got a small baklava dessert and it was super good . overall , we would definitely come back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food at affordable prices . service is excellent as well . i would definitely recommend this place to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had their yellow curry last night ... it was fantastic ! i had to come back today to try their chicken wrap . freshly shaved chicken , hummus , tabloui , and all the fresh side options ... ..it was the best wrap i 've ever had ! ! ! not to forget their freshly home made cucumber drink ... yeah , i was very impressed to say the least ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best hummus in town ... absolutely love their pita chips and wraps ... they have something for everyone great urban spin on mediterranean food ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now this place is really good i always drive past it but today i decided to stop an check it out it is really good healthy an fresh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to parsley about once a month . every time i go , they are out of rice . this is the third time they were out . when they do n't have rice , you can have a salad or a wrap without rice . it is so frustrating . this time it was a 25 minute wait for rice . last two times it was 15 minutes . they could n't even fulfill a call-in order . i will not be back . i have 30 minutes for lunch and it does not allow for bad service . very unhappy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "off the strip , but `` on target '' ! we had an unexpected , pleasant surprise when we stumbled onto parsley 's . it was the yummiest , healthiest and best value meal we had on our 6 day trip in vegas . we are regular goers of mediterranean food and feel this is up there with the best we have ever had . i can not over-emphasize how tasty the food is ! the staff is extremely kind and friendly . the food is fresh , tasty and abundant ( generous portions ) . the restaurant is very clean . this location is easy access off of tropicana .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious inexpensive food . i ordered the chicken bowl with tsatskiki sauce . just delicious . definitely coming back to try other stuff . update : still delicious on 2 18 17", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ... but chicken was n't cooked enough one time . and the falafel does n't come with bread . seriously ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "real dirty place whit a lot of homeless people hanging out . other then that food is average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was our first time and entire experience was 5 stars ! i had a small chicken wrap and my husband had the regular steak wrap ; both of us saved the other half as the portions were very generous & everything tasted amazing ! parsley fries and falafel appetizer were delicious too ! service was great ! we will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the very best mediterranean cuisine we 've had ever . the owner made our experience even better with his kindness and gracious attitude . fresh food , impeccable service ... what else could you want ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food ! great service ! my family of 5 ordered 2 beef kabob plates and 2 shishkabob plates . so much food ! i found it through yelp and so glad i did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's always easy to pick this place for lunch because it 's : 1 . fast 2 . good 3 . well priced if i had one con , is that i do n't like to eat at the restaurant because you come out smelling like grilled food and strong spices , so typically we like to order to pick up or delivery ( um , yes , they deliver ... awesome ) . eat here , you 'll be happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not stop ordering from this place . so easy to order ( uber eats ) , quick , delicious , and filling in a way where i do n't feel bad over eating what i ate . the falafel bowl wrap is bomb , and the greek salad so good . i also enjoy the vegetarian varieties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for dinner tonight , about 5:30pm . not crowded at all . i ordered a falafel appetizer , hummus , large chicken wrap and steak nachos . falafel was excellent , served with some hummus . chicken schwarma wrap was very delicious and the hot sauce they serve on it reminds me of the sauce i used to get from the israeli places in ny . the steak nachos were nice , except the meat was dried out to literally to a crisp . as i did not yet taste the meat , my husband was the one who commented on it to me . i then took my bowl up to the girl and she added less dried out steak , because what i first got was the outer layer and then the less dried out meat was then put in the bowl . that i found to be very accommodating . like another reviewer stated , later in the day the meats on the spits tend to get dried out . overall , the food was very good and i will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a must go , flavorful wraps the steak is seasoned perfectly . my new favorite lunch stop in town by far .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were met at the door and welcomed by owners ygal and debi . this is one of those increasingly popular fast casual restaurants where you order and pick-up at the counter . we took one look at the dried out meat on the vertical rotisseries and decided to order cooked to order chicken kabobs that included yellow rice , salad , txatziki sauce , and a pita . hardly gourmet or best of the city , our meals proved to be economical , tasty and filling .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a well run quick spot with healthy food . both times i visited the owner was ensuring everything was to the satisfaction of the customers . the food is fresh and the setting is fantastic . i have tried both the beef and the chicken . i would highly recommend this place for lunch or an inexpensive dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent service , fresh food , awesome flavors . we ordered falafel , chicken curry , and shish kabob chicken , and the parsley fries . everything was delicious ! the shish kabob is cooked right in front of you , and the spicy carrots are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . their green cucumber drink is very refreshing . i always recommend this place for friends and family that come to vegas . everything on their menu is super delicious ! they are also very generous with their serving size . a small wrap is like a large wrap . i ca n't imagine how huge their large wrap is ? you ca n't go wrong either way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steak bowl , hummus , plus free baklava from yelp check in . coming straight from the airport and feeling dead from lack of sleep , this meal has been my saving light . i have n't had a more satisfying meal like this for a long time . from the hummus appetizer , extra large steak bowl ( you can share ) and yummy baklava , you ca n't beat it . it just makes me sad that there 's none of these in florida .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg nom nom nom ... .. i need this in nyc ... ..nom nom nom nom . eat here , sell me the rights ... ... nom nom nom", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent . i went for a group lunch and had the bbq baguette . it was one of those times i ate something and could n't believe how perfect the taste was . i just absolutely loved it . other than the food my favorite part was the owner debbie . she was helping people take food out to their cars , refilling drinks , talking to patrons and even cleaning finished plates . you could tell this place was her baby and she was the den mother . such a charming and beautiful woman . thanks for a great lunch debbie and parsley modern mediterranean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably one of my new favorite mediterranean spots by far . staff was friendly and the food was so yummy ! ! ! ! you should definitely open a location in miami , fl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the coney meal ! ! ! is there anything on this menu that 's bad ? ? ? everything seems to be a slice above heaven ! ! love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was a -negative star i would use it . unhappy servers who looked like androids from that movie zombies retuning from the dead ! took a break from studying college math to get a root beer float . purchase drove back home to savor and watch favorite tv drama and dang no root beer seltzer . had to drive back for refund . no offer of making for free considering high gas prices and 2 trips . went back a week ago with god daughter to get 2 milk shakes they were terrible . whip cream was nasty and no choc in chocolate shakes . we had to remake and remove whip throw up cream and add hershey to make it chocolate . two thumbs down no sonic for me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this sonic was a complete disappointment . the guy taking our order could not repeat anything back to us correctly . we ordered the # 10 ( crispy asiago caesar chicken club sandwich meal ) with a large cherry coke and another crispy asiago caesar chicken club sandwich with no tomato . we received two classic crispy chicken sandwiches and a large cherry coke . how the heck do you screw that up so badly ? not to mention the sandwiches were so pathetic . maybe i just need to cross sonic of my list of places to stop for quick food . they 'll make it quick , but it wo n't be what you ordered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you think of sonic think of fake . this place has the worst milkshakes in the history of milk shakes . trust me it was horrible . there was no chocolate in the thing . sonic has definetly lost my support . chocolate milk or just plain milk has earned the title of milkshake in the world of sonic . if you want a shake from sonic , just get milk from your refrigerator .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sonic is ... ..well ... .sonic . nothing particularly impressive . although it 's the only fast food place that i 'm aware of that offers tater tots . i used to live in texas and there is a sonic on just about every corner , but this was my first time seeing one with a drive-thru . although idk why they have a drive-thru when they take your order and do exactly the same thing when you pull up to the regular car ports . weird . only item on the menu particularly satisfying would have to be their slushies they are quite tasty and come in a assortment of flavors .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place sucks . i do not know why but apparently they do not know what chicken is . every time , same thing , the past 5 years ... i order the same thing - grilled stuffed burrito and ask for chicken . sure enough , it always comes with `` beef '' inside , and we all they are n't exactly serving grade a . to top it off , some guy is standing on the counter as i wait for my order , as though that was the best time or means to do so ? he did however check on the quality of my meal , to which i nodded in approval . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had dinner from here the other night and i have to say i 'm a little nostalgic toward this place . we 'll not this one specifically but taco bell in general . taco bell was my first job while i was still in high school . so you see i have a bit of a soft spot for this chain . anyways i had one of there asked things and it was pretty good . wish there was a bit more meat but that can always be added for an additional cost . bryan had these nachos that had shredded chicken on them and they were a lot better then i thought they would be . so much so that i plan in getting them next time we get taco bell . it 's not the best mexican food out there but at least i know what to expect when i go here . also i have to admit i 've dropped an empanada or into the cinnamon auger for the cina sticks and man it makes it so good . also cina sticks are just fried twisty past . who would have thought .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let 's be real . . . the food at taco bell is not real food . but sometimes you eat here because it 's cheap or you are feeling the need for some comfort food . they just remodeled this location so it is cleaner , brighter , and modern . it makes it a little easier to eat here knowing it 's fresh and clean . my husband loves the food here . i eat here with him to deposit in his love bucket . 'nuff said .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while this location sucks at planning ( they ran out of syrup for the pop machine ) , the food on hand was decent and filling . not 5 star , but good value for the money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cashier was friendly , the service was fast , and the lobby was very tidy . o", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's taco bell . you get what you expect from here . the place is looking nice now that they demolished the old building and built this new one . nothing special to say about taco bell . quick fast tacos and nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have not eaten at a taco bell in years after seeing all the commercials , decided to give this one a try . ordered the taco supreme & basically got what appeared to be a vegetarian taco . there was perhaps a hint of meat at the base , a bit of lettuce , three red cubes that i assume was tomato , some cheese that gave them a hint of yellow , no sour cream . ( had to ask for it ) all for the bargain price of 7.91 . i 'm still hungry so now i need to go to mcdonald 's for 2 singles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have visited a lot of animal shelters recently in my search for a playmate for my dog , and this one was off-putting . to visit with a dog , you had to fill out a full application and meet with a counselor first , and then , they didn & # 39 ; t even have a visiting room -- the sponsor just held the dog on a lead while we tried to pet it . that 's really no way to judge an animal 's personality and temperament . in a visiting room , the dog has time to collect itself , there are fewer distractions , and you can spend all the time you need with the animal , one on one . the whole atmosphere was very guarded . the main reason i was interested in this shelter was for their trial period and the temperament testing they do , but their meet and greet and customer service leave a lot to be desired ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very well run shelter . they have frequent promotions when the adoption fees are very low . unfortunately because people are so irresponsible they always have a lot of dogs and cats for adoption . all animals are evaluated for behavior , treated by a veterinarian and completely vetted before they are put up for adoption . do n't spend money at a petshop to support ohio 's puppy mills , get a loving dog here for a very reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a furry friend , this is a wonderful place to adopt . before you spend a penny in a pet store , take a look at the sweet dogs and cats here that are in need of homes . most come fully vetted , microchipped , and spayed and neutered - none of which comes standard at a pet store . i 've adopted two kittens and a dog ( the sweetest , most loving , gentle pit bull ! ) from here , and they are the absolute best . they 're socialised , extremely healthy , and just wonderful companions . looking at the animals and choosing one is fairly painless , thanks to the wonderful staff . these people truly love and get to know the animals , and they can help you pick one that 's right for your personality and lifestyle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute dogs that need homes ... workers there are crazy . they think they know everything about pet owning after taking a weekend class . way too hot ! look at the dogs pictures ... everyone of them is panting ! ! ! ! http : www.summithumane.org dogs", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place was well kept and maintained . but the heat is horrible . it 's so hot in there . i feel bad for the animals . they were all panting and stuff . the fans were not on the animals . but they gave you loops to get animals . had us waiting an hour to talk to the person , well counselor . the staff is nice people but its entirely too much to deal with . you ca n't touch the animals and the only way you can is if they are holding it or its on a leash . not worth the time . poor animals .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! ashley was extremely helpful ! she was willing to work with me and my family over a 2 week period before we took our girls home . if you are looking for a place where people really care about their animals and want them to be successful and make sure their new home is a fit , i would recommend this place to anyone . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give fewer stars than one if possible . this was a terrible experience , their staff is awful , i strongly recommend going to any other humane society than this one . these people should not be in business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is our second time back and it does n't disappoint ! love the crust , not too thin , and just the right amount of chew . wings are great too ! just crispy enough , but plenty of meat on the bone . friendly atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in got a to go order special large cheese with 20 wings . took about 20 minutes to get my food . the staff looks a little in-organized but it 's a new business that should iron out after a while . pizza was good had a good flavor sauce , and could taste a good amount of garlic . the wings another story ; i asked for extra crispy wings and got the total opposite . not sure if the crispy was sent over to the cook or my wings sat in the back while my pizza was still cooking . everything came out to $ 24 with tax . i overhear someone saying they have some specials the day after a home sports team wins- not sure might have to ask them", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you want some good pizza you need to try nick and ben 's ! they had a great deal with a xl pizza and 20 wings and then we added a calzone . all was delicious . their crust and sauce is awesome and the wings were really crispy and the sauce was good . they also have salads , sandwiches , and italian dishes . the service was great , you can tell they love working there , and it was super clean . try it out when you want pizza the next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally , a great new york style pizza in surprise , hands down the best . perfect ratio of ingredients , friendly staff . they also offer a stuffed option for only $ 2 , well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , but was n't impressed with the pizza . not my kind of crust , not much cheese , overall kind of flavorless . doubt i 'll go again ... . disappointed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is okay , not great . thin pizza crust soggy . the sicilian crust was okay , however , the owner was extremely rude ! we will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i want to start this review off by saying i 'm not the big `` yelper '' type , but i have to . i want to add that i chose to do this after to times trying this amazing place . i 'll keep it short and sweet , the food is very good and pizza was great , but it does n't all happen until your greeted and waited on by misty ! i have to say running dealership service departments is love to have someone like misty in front of my guests , she 's fun , energetic , and an all around genuine person . it 's a rare occasion you encounter such a person at an establishment these days but you will once you meet her . i truly believe nick has a great thing going with this pizza restaurant ( only because i 'm a new yorker and always eat pizza ) but he 's filled it the right items , ambience and staff . i highly recommend nick & bens to the whole valley to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hate to say it there 's a new pizza guy in town , wife and kids wanted to change it up and found the pizza dough , sauce and crust perfectly done.ordered hot wings well done and with a homemade dip it was really very good , the wings were fat , yes big and juicy , we will be back ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "serve was friendly but the food was great . pizza was thin crust and crispy . wing were tasty and leave room for dessert . only complaint was the blue cheese dressing was disappointing . one more point , they do n't offer coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a large meat lovers for dinner . staff and service was friendly and great . warmly welcomed when we came in . prompt service . answered any questions we had about the menu . restaurant was clean and spacious . lots of available parking outside . ordered a large meat lovers pizza which was very good - was n't undercooked or overlooked burnt . it was very tasty and well seasoned . the pizza was a little on the very greasy oily side and somewhat salty ( -1 ) . overall , i was pleased with the good and service , and will probably return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried the pizza and wings special and the white pizza for take out it was great ! cheese pizza had great flavor and my husband enjoyed the wings but my favorite definitely the white pizza ! loved the ricotta it was excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza and pasta ever ! my entire family loved it which means it has to be amazing . there is no pleasing 4 children and 2 adults at one place : ) but nick and ben 's pizza was the absolute best and pleased the whole clan : ) thanks nick and ben 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "often times businesses have the wrong people answering their phone 's . but over the last two days i have called nick & ben 's pizza company on two different occasions . both times i have spoken to two different girls . both of them were incredibly nice and helpful . my mom picked up the pie . the first thing my mom said was how sweet the ladies were who helped her . if the pizza is as good as their service , it will be excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is great . we had pepperoni , meatball and sausage . the crust is on the thinner side which i like , new york style . they have a thick crust if that 's your thing . i had the meat and cheese ravioli which was the special . it came w a breadstick and side salad . the portion is very large . the sauce is clearly homemade and i really liked it . i 'm very happy with my order . the lettuce was super crispy and cold , i love that . i want to come back and try a calzone and a sandwich . nick came by and said hello to each table . that 's what an owner should do , i believe . our waitress was super knowledgeable about the menu . she was very friendly . i 'm glad this place opened . good food for a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just love love love love their pizza and their hospitality ! ! ! i have been going here for a number of years now ( the old nick 's ) and have not been disappointed yet ! great food and people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed with the service . i was told pizza would be ready in 30mins for carry out and when i got there i was told it would be another 8mins . awful way to please and meet needs of customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best pizza in surprise and it 's not even close . crust is perfect . the special is the way to go . only knock is the limited delivery area so we have to go pick up but that 's fine too . worth it . it 's been the same young lady at the counter each time we 've picked up and she is fantastic . very polite and gets you in and out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did a good job , when i needed a fast lunch they came through with flying colors ! it is nice to have good food on the fly when you want something other than `` fast food . '' also the place is nice and well decorated so it feels like a stand alone restaurant . service was prompt and very nice , not annoying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go ahead - give this place a try , you wo n't be sorry ! we were looking for something that was n't a franchise - so sick of the usual franchise restaurants here in surprise ! the pizza is very good ; not thick crust , not thin , just right - not soggy - fairly priced with a good lot of quality toppings . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we tried this place for the first time . our friends had been and highly recommended it . we had the pizza and wings special . really good ! everything that can be made from scratch is made from scratch . even the sausage on our pizza was made in house . we took some left over pizza home and my husband and i argued over who got to eat it for breakfast ! service was excellent also . we will definitely eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in here on a whim while my boyfriend and i were waiting to meet someone in the area . it was later in the day and they did n't have any single slices left so we ordered a medium to share . we also ordered the garlic knots which were beyond awesome ! the woman who was helping us was so accommodating and friendly . when we got the bill to pay there was a deduction listed as a manager compensation . do n't know why , but that was nice of them ! delicious pizza , great service and comfortable atmosphere . too bad it 's an hour away from us . i highly recommend this place ! thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was ok pizza a bit bland and same with the wings very blah . would have given 4 stars but the wait staff needs work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was great ! cody our server was exceptional and fun . he was always checking to make sure we were ok . the food was good and plentiful . even had plenty to take home for later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very upset to see me and my friend get little to no attention while we were here . the food was good but there was n't much interaction with our main server . she made sure she took care of everyone else and went into detailed discussions with them about the menu but did not with me and my friend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic new pizza place ! the garlic knots are out of this world and the pizza is delicious . service is top tier . they are incredibly professional and approachable , it 's clear they enjoy what they do . forget dominos , go here instead , you wo n't regret it ! we will return again and again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my dad said this place was really good so i thought i would give it a try . i went in to order a pizza to go . i was n't really greeted by anyone , just a rude young man at the register . he looked at me like `` yes ? what do you want ? '' i said i want to place an order so he replied , `` ok , so what so you want ? '' well it was my first time in so i asked for a menu because they did n't have a menu board . i thought to myself ... .ya know there are 5 other pizza places on this corner and i have a choice so we went to barros . normally i hate leaving bad reviews and i should take the time and speak to the owner , but hey , they hired the guy . customer service is a dying art .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is good and tasty . the one star i took out is because of the much waiting time and the precautions they use it for the food prep & bringing it to the customers . the employee 's do not taking any precautions for the hands when they bringing the food and the head for the hair to not fallen off into food . except that everything is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and good food . i ordered a pie takeout and it was very good . not the best - i 've become picky when it comes to pizza since i was born and raised in the northeast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered the xl one topping pizza and 20 wings . first off the lady that answered the phone was very polite and friendly . it only took 15 minutes and it was a great pizza . good dough , sauce and cheese and in a good ratio . they also do n't cheap out on the toppings , i got mushrooms and most places put just a handful but they covered the pizza in mushrooms . their wings are also very good . i would highly recommend this place and found a new pizza place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow so rude ! called to ask if they delivered was put on hold by someone before i could squeak out a word and some rude girl answered and said `` um yeah '' i said i was on hold and just waiting to ask if you delivered she then said `` uhh yeah '' i said ok can i place an order to which she then asked for my address i said `` uhhhh you live to far that 's a 7 mile drive we only go 4 '' so i guess they will only deliver if your within 4-5 minutes of their shop that extra 3-4 minutes friggin kills them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is our first time since they became a pizza restaurant . like most yelp options , we also found the food to be delicious , but there is a problem with the service : although the servers are great -- friendly and hard workers -- nick & ben do n't hire enough to handle the amount of customers . my wife had a pizza with house-made sausage , onions , and mushrooms while i had the eggplant parmigiana dinner . in all fairness , i 'm an impatient , transplanted new yorker !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ny style pizza . greek salad is amazing . meatballs are the best around . calzones are fantastic ! real friendly people too . i 'm hooked . i love this place . im so glad they are here . try it you wo n't be disappointed . west side ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tonight 's dinner was great ! i had the lasagna and hubby had eggplant parmigiana- both fantastic ! cody did an outstanding job ! everyone should try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good . my only suggestion is the crust needs to be cooked just a bit more or at least in a hotter oven perhaps ? it is just a little bit too flimsy . a better char on the bottom would help -- though it is still better than most any other place as is ... i 'd call it a close 2nd to nypd crust . but here they do n't skimp on the toppings , so it makes up for it . if i could give 4.5 stars i would .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently moved to the area from the east coast and have been searching for good pizza . we tried a pie with 1 2 pepperoni and 1 2 meatball and it was pretty good . when they brought it to the table , we all smiled when looking at it . it was baked perfectly and tasted great . i would have given 5 stars if it would have been a bit crispy . we also had fried zucchini and mozzarella sticks as appetizers and both were tasty . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious pizza ! had the white pizza , stuffed pepperoni pizza , and some garlic knots and mozzarella sticks . everything was so good but those mozzarella sticks are amazing . some places you barely get any cheese but these sticks are all cheese with a light coating . amazing ! definitely going back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza was pretty good , seemed a bit pricey though . friendly kitchen staff when i walked in to pick up my order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is so awesome ! you can tell the food is made with love . the owners were so sweet gave us coupons to come back they were so nice . my family will definitely be coming back ! it was so homely and we felt so welcomed this place is so reasonably priced ! the pizza is amazing and the wings are so tasty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing food , and great value . the pizza , calzone , past and salads were fantastic . the staff was great ! food came out of the kitchen fast , i would highly recommend this spot , especially for families or anyone with a big appetite : - ) we will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new pizza place in surprise ! ! food was wonderful and service was amazing ! ! ! try the garlic knotts ! ! ! outstanding", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 'd award a 5 star on this one . accommodating , fresh and tasty . non-greasy pizza like so many other pizza places are . if you are looking for a gluten fee options i would recommend n & b pizza . we 'd be inclined to order again and recommend to neighbors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza was good had a thinner crust ... not very dough-y . the wings were tiny ... very tiny ... good flavor though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza was good , wings were acceptable . pepperoni was oily . not up to ny quality , but not bad . crust bottom could be more crisp and wing skin could be more crisp . service was good . it is some of the closest to ny style in the area . good amount of cheese on pizza , they do not short change . overall , good food , great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff was very friendly and the take-out was ready within 15 min . that is what got this pizza place a score of three . the pizza itself was very greasy which usually means cheap ingredients . the wings tasted good but not as much meat as i 've gotten on wings from other places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we are from the east coast and have been looking for good pizza since we got here 6 years ago ! this restaurant is amazing ! tasted just like back home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had lunch ... two big slices , salad and drink for about $ 8.50 . the pizza was equivalent to 1 2 a medium pie . great taste , value & service . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't find a menu online , so i called them and got directed to an image on the yelp profile . after checking with everyone to see what they want i called back to order only to be told that there is no delivery tonight . would n't that of been useful information during our first call ? tried them again a few weeks later , took 2 phone calls and over an hour to finally get 1 pizza and wings delivered . it was okay but lacked flavor , the wings were rubbery and luke warm . very disappointing experience both times .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great crust , tasty sauce , excellent toppings . wings are tasty with good spice . entire family enjoyed the meal . i hope the surprise community starts to notice and support this nice little restaurant . misty and staff are great and take good care of you while you are there . i think they are getting all the new restaurant processes worked out so expect a little wait during peak times . delivery time is normal and food arrived hot . nice change of pace and a welcome addition to the neighborhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ate there for the first time . must say , all other reviews are pretty spot on . pizza was quite greasy ... .. but delicious . apps , pizza & wings all came out quick . xl 1 top & 25 wings for $ 23.99 - definitely worth it . their pizza is quite thin but if you can eat it before the grease gets it , it stays pretty crispy . all in all , we were happy with this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza . the garlic knots are a tasty appetizer . misty was our server and she 's a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have ordered several times from here . the first couple times were really good . tonight was a little different . i ordered half cheese half pepperoni and received all pepperoni . when calling in my order i had to repeat everything several times and it still was n't correct . we will probably give them another shot but they need to step it up if the are going to charge 32.00 for pizza , wings and a sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was the greasiest pizza ever . the crust was limp dripping of oil . the sauce was flavorless . little caesars had more flavor . the sausage had no kick or flavor . all i can taste was bread and garlic . the lack of sauce is really irritating . i 'm tired of nyc style pizza . it 's all bread and grease .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time guest . shared fried zucchini appetizer & large pizza with a friend . the couple i was with are regulars . fabulous people . particularly misty . can not say enough great things about this italian restaurant . wish i could give them 10 stars . their menu is moderately priced and i thought a bargain for the quality . so much fun there ... i want to work there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick and ben 's is probably one of the best pizzas i 've ever had . the sauce was fabulous but i think it was the crust that made it great . i even ate the ends which i never do . misty was our server and she was outstanding . we definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love nick & ben 's . we love the . food and the staff . we 've been there several times and order pizza , wings , zucchini , lasagna and calzone . you ca n't go wrong at nick & ben 's . everything tastes great and they are very affordable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pizza in the west valley ! amazing crust , great prices , and excellent service ! we are pizza connoisseurs and we have tried a lot of different places but i 'm not ordering from anywhere else now . the white pizza is amazing , and the pepperoni pizza is perfect ! the wings are just right . i give nick and bens a 5 star", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really tasty pizza , quick and for a great price . got half cheese and half pepperoni and it was just how i like it : big slices not too thin , not too thick , delicious and not oversalted . the one star i took off is because the pepperoni slices were the little ones like you get in a package- i 'd prefer the bigger ones you have to slice yourself , but it was still amazing . did i mention the large was $ 13 out the door ? for this pizza , that 's a bargain . you ca n't get a small at nypd for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza in the surprise area for sure ! great new york style pizza with a delicious crust . give it a try . misty serves me when i 'm there . she is the best ! very good at her job and always has a smile for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the sicilian special and garlic knots . they were amazing . their ranch us delicious as well . the service was prompt a day the price was fair . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good lunch deal ! 2 slices 6 wings 9.99 $ i am really full now , but enjoyed it ! pizza is tasty and big , a lot of cheese and 50cent toppings ! the wings juicy and good ! will come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very very friendly over the phone and really good pizza and wings . really awesome price too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! i called and asked if they would deliver to my house . they said it 's not in their delivery area but would do it any way . nice ! they told me 45 minutes and the bell rang at like 30 minutes . woo hoo ! the pizza was really good and the honey bbq wings were phenomenal . really reasonable price , too . try them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza , not just in az but it beats pizza i have had in newyork and chicago . i do n't want to eat pizza anywhere else anymore .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st time ... .tried pizza and wings tonight via carry out . had their 18 '' xl `` special '' and 10 medium wings for $ 26 . good pizza - soft and chewy crust and good flavor . just ok wings ( we like our wings more crispy ) . we will be back to try dining in and will put this in our list of regular take out pizza places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was amazing the pizza was just a little saggy , even tho yesterday this young gentleman cody served me & he did an amazing job he would of even ask my kids for refills and me i love it thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good place i used to go to barrows and il primo but now that this place opened up i will be coming here . i usually order a vegetarian pizza with mushrooms peppers onions garlic spinach jalape\u00f1os and tomatoes and i get it cooked well done i can eat a whole large pizza by myself it is really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had n't been to nicks old location since they moved . we knew there was a pizza place there now but had been reluctant to try it . i 'm so glad we did tuesday night . the pizza was excellent and my salad was fresh and tasty . we definitely will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are so lucky to live right down the street from n & b pizza . their greek pizza is phenomenal ! the cheese they cook with keeps you coming back for more . friendly people , great service . great place for families . bonus : if you like within 4 miles of nick & ben 's pizza your delivery order is free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in a hurry ? load up on the salad bar and you 'll make out like a bandit ! i had n't been here in a few years so i figured i would stop by for a quick bite in between errands . i went with the salad bar option and was pleasantly surprised ... - fully stocked bar with fresh and crisp veggies - quick customer service - very clean restaurant - all the soft serve ice cream you can sneak out with ! plus this place fits my budget perfectly ; feeding two people for under $ 20 . i did n't order one , but the sandwiches here look like their stacked high with tastiness . i will be back to try the `` rueben the great '' . i mean who would n't like a half pound of hot meat on two pieces of bread ? ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . great prices . & they deliver ! ordered here for lunch at work and i got a decent sized turkey and munster on herb focasia bread , a bag of chips , a pickle , a walnut brownie and a drink all for $ 10.00 and some change ! thats a ton of food for a decent price and everything was delicious ! my co workers both got pasta dishes and they had nothing bad to say as well ! i will definitely be ordering from here at work from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while jason 's has a pretty extensive menu i come here for one thing and one thing only . muffalettas . i ca n't just take off for new orleans , but thanks to jason 's i can grab a muffaletta to go any time i start craving one and be thinking of my bourbon street memories in no time . this particular location is relatively clean , service is friendly and once you find a parking space they move you through pretty fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live about 20 mins away , but they deliver ; ) .i 've ordered from here about 5 or 6 times . my food is still fresh when it arrives , the drivers are friendly , and you ca n't beat the price . i 've gone to the deli twice , it 's clean and they are busy , two good signs . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was jonesing a sandwich today for lunch , so i tried to go to a near swenson and twain , but it was closed . so i opted for a known commodity , jason 's deli . i ordered the new york yankee , which is my favorite sandwich they have . the place was moderately busy for the noon rush hour , but my food came out relatively quickly . will i come back ? of course , it 's one of my favorite places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "half and half . half sandwich plus a trip to the salad bar . that 's the ticket baby ! i always come for lunch . this place can get busy around noon on a weekday . ca n't go wrong with the food value here either . sometimes the service is a little shaky , i.e. , you ask for no mayo , you get mayo , you ask for a side of chips , you get fruit , those kinds of things . otherwise , it 's usually a pretty good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places for lunch ! ! went for lunch today with my roomie . she had the beef stew.. tasted it and it was really flavorful and beefy . i had the light club sandwich which had a hearty portion of turkey and ham on it , with side of fresh fruit that 's served with a sweet delicious yogurt and a cup of the vegetarian vegetable soup . soup was ok- i usually get the chicken pot pie soup which is absolute bliss . but i have to say i was sooo impressed by the fruit ! ! ! it was the freshest i 've ever had in a deli restaurant ever ! ! ! melon and cantaloupe yumm but the strawberries ! ! ! unbelievably sweet strawberries ! ! ! omg who is their produce buyer ? ? ? it was amazing ! : d this review is like super old compare to the date i posted it ! ! haha like from 2011 ! ! ; p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food consistently . just a bit expensive for half orders . but you can always , always , depend on the food to taste great . and the frozen yougurt 's free ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had never heard of jason 's deli until we went on a kayaking trip and the company provided catered sandwiches from here . we loved our sandwiches so much that day that we made a point to find one for lunch while we were in town . this location was slammed when we got there ( right at peak lunch time during the week ) . it was a little dirty and they could have used a couple more employees on the floor to keep up with the clean up . despite that , the food was excellent . we both had the california club . the turkey and bacon were delicious and high quality . the produce on the sandwich was very fresh . i had fruit as a side and my husband had the blue corn tortilla chips and salsa , which he loved . they also give out free mini muffins and soft serve to go with your meal , which is a nice little perk . i wish there was a jason 's deli closer to home !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a bit confusing when dealing with the line but other than that it 's a great place ! the sandwiches are big and full of great stuff ! they even give you a mint with your food ! they have a zesty stone ground mustard that adds a zing without an over powering mustard flavor.the sandwiches are messy goodness so do n't wear your best shirt haha !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lousy management team . ordered delivery . delayed over 2 hours . everytime we 'd call they 'd say `` driver on his way '' which was never the case . they did not even offer one word of apology . i cancelled the order when i called them the 5th time and they said `` the driver is leaving '' . needless to say , my guests ( we ordered for a party of 12 ) were left hungry . i sent my assistant to subway , which is what i should have done from the beginning . i strongly suggest to stay away from this ill-managed operation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we live very near this jason 's deli , and we like sandwiches , so we really wanted this to be a good 'sandwich joint ' . having said that , 4 of 6 of our orders have been wrong in the past three months . the management is nice when we tell them of the mistakes , but mistakes keep happening . they range from getting 1 4th of the portion size to forgetting pickles and potato chips . subway 's sandwiches are not as good , but they are much cheaper , and they make the sandwiches right in front of you , so there are never any mistakes . no more jason 's !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good ! i wanted something decently healthy , cheap , and quick so i decided to try jason 's deli . i got the turkey wrap and was pleasantly surprised by how good it was ! i also got the broccoli cheddar soup which was delicious . the menu has a wide variety of food items to choose from which is great . only downside - it was kind of pricey considering the amount of food i got . the wrap was realllllly small and would n't have satisfied me if thats all i got . however , overall , it was pretty good ! recommended !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "craved a corned beef sandwich . well that 's what i got but pretty blah . not the best . 2nd visit in the 12 years i 've lived here and might be another 12 years before i try again . but the staff was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like all jason 's deli restaurants , the food is good . i have a few issues with this particular spot though . the restaurant area was very dirty and so was the salad bar . there is nothing less appetizing than a dirty salad bar . makes me question how fresh the product is on the bar . also , the soft serve machine was disgusting . so bad , i decided to pass on the soft serve all together . there are a lot of restaurant options in this part of town , i would probably find somewhere else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh come on . jason 's deli . are you kidding me . terrible place . i 'm always amazed at how popular this place gets . i guess advertising works .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , prompt delivery and good prices . i used them for a biz lunch and everyone was happy . i will use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good spot for lunch with lots of options from a make your own salad to sandwiches , soups , and pasta . not to mention free soft serve ice cream at the end .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried the new york yankee sandwich and it was very delicious and huge . half pastrami and half corned beef . i was worried because i expected the sandwich to be very salty , given the pastrami and lack of veggies - but i was wrong ! layered high with stoneground mustard ( spicy mustard ) , mayo , and cheese - this sandwich was perfectly salted . the sandwich was so large it fed both my boyfriend and me . it also came with a pickle and your choice of regular or baked chips . i ordered for take-out this time , but next time i may eat in as i saw they have a salad bar that looked pretty good ! i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a really great and convenient place to eat , especially if you 're attending unlv . they offer a variety of items , such as baked potatoes , pasta , and sandwiches . if you dine in here , you have complimentary access to their self-serve salad bar , which also has pasta salads , garlic bread , and cornbread . this is also a great place to dine in with family members , especially if you bring your little youngsters with you since there 's also a complimentary soft-serve ice cream available for them when dining in . in addition , the customer service is exceptional and they 're very quick in bringing your food over ( between 5-10 minutes ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's all about the half sandwhich and salad bar . they have really good sweet tea here as well . we came in during a bit of the rush hour . there were a bunch of boise state players in line . the staff quickly opened up another register and helped us , so the wait was n't very long at all . i went with the turkey panini which had a nice flavor to it . the salad bar here is by far the best for lunch . they have all of the essentials including those sweet little muffins . you add the free ice cream , and that makes this place an easy 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a layover at a hotel on the strip last night , and was craving salad , so i to plan uber ( about $ 6 ) out here for a fantastic dinner . i had the manager 's special with half a turkey wrap , a bowl of veggie soup , and a trip to the salad bar . at around $ 10 it 's by far the best deal on the menu . service was attentive , and everything on the salad bar was well stocked , even during the busy dinner hour . the next time i 'm in vegas , i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the sandwiches and service here . the hot pastrami with cheddar and aoli is a hit . the people are very service oriented and the place is very clean . came here twice in two days on my visit from oakland - the real and forever home of the raider nation . i wish we had a jason 's deli at home for an inexpensive and delish sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can enjoy quality food from trusted sources at jason 's deli , the salad bar was very neat and all the food was put out fresh , i appreciated all the options and nothing about the vegetables was under par , but when it came to getting a clean plate for my second go around the staff was questionable of weather i had paid for my meal and salad bar or not , and asked for the receipt which i had previously said i do n't need in response to the cashiers question of weather i would like a receipt or not . after that miscommunication everything seemed to be fine until some citizen came in and used the restroom and stuck their bare hands in the trail mix instead of using the tongs , and then just left , disgusted by the lack of recognition i notified the unaware staff and they removed the container of trail mix . all in all it 's always a pleasurable experience but this locations surroundings are questionable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was just as good in person , friendly , good food , and air conditioning . a lot of air conditioning . ( bring a sweater ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly staff but service is very slow..waited for my food for 20 min . reuben is what i always order & there was barely any sauerkraut , i knew it tasted different", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was good and the service was interesting . i ordered a pasta dish and asked for pine nuts to be added and it came out with almonds . then they tried to tell me they were pine nuts ... i do n't think so . it really was n't a big deal , i 'm sure it would have been fine with almonds , but the general manager , evan , came over anyway . he said the pine nuts are only in a pesto sauce . apparently the chick who took my order had no clue what the difference between pine nuts and almonds were and told them to put `` the sliced nuts '' in my pasta . the gm remade my pasta and even brought my boyfriend and me and some cookies on the house . my boyfriend 's sandwich was really good too , it was the chicken pesto panini .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum . as far as deli sandwiches , this is pretty much as good as you can get for this price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the muffelatta was as good if not even better than the original general market store in new orleans where it all began . here they give generous meats and warm the whole thing up which kind of makes each bite chew orgasmic . while i was waiting i observed the staff preparing a seafood gumbo that looked great , but it just sat on the tray waiting for the other items of the same order that i just figured its losing its vital heat by the minute . it was kind of driving me crazy because i like hot soup not warmish soup . glad that was n't mine cuz it probably was just above room temperature by the time the customer got it . still the muffelatta gets 5 stars , but overall , 4 stars . btw , the salad bar looked a solid 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still really good ! i had a 5.00 coupon for my birthday so i got a hot corned beef on rye . it was tasty . i also love that they have 4 kinds of fresh brewed tea..the black currant is so good and i have never seen it anywhere else..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their french onion soup and amy 's turkey o is a perfect match so damn dank ! if you have n't tried jason 's deli you need to get on it , this has been of favorite of mine since my preteens haha ( ;", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this deli ! even though the restaurant is a national chain , the food is always fresh , reasonably priced , and consistently delicious . my favs are the nutty mixed up-salad , club sandwich , and the tomato basil soup . i love ending my meals with their complimentary soft serve ice cream . kudos to whoever came up with that idea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at this location . the staff was super friendly and helpful . i ordered a deli club with no ham and i added avocado . i also had the broccoli cheddar soup . the soup came out nice and hot and my sandwich was great . the tomato , lettuce , and avocado were all nice and fresh . i also enjoyed the free ice cream : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i love the decoration , makes me feel like i 'm an nyc deli . decided to go with the salad bar and am glad i did . although they do n't have `` sweet tomatoes '' quantity in ingredients , they have enough to make a good decent salad . fresh 4 bean salad , pasta primo , and red pepper hummus are just a few of the toppings , love ! they also have delicious corn muffins and pudding . i also got a side of spicy tortilla soup which was good . all in all 4 stars for jason 's deli !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first visit to a jason 's deli and it 's wonderful ! love the little nods to southern food . anyplace with sweet tea and gumbo are okay by me . it 's clean and well maintained . i had the pastrami sandwich with grilled onions and au jus . it was sooo good . also some potatoe salad and broccoli cheddar soup . the tea options are great too for a tea lover like myself . awesome prices too . only $ 15 for the two if us . the best part if the meal was the employees though ! we were greeted by russell upon entering with a great smile and a warm hello . both russell and andrew helped my friend and i decide on our order . they were not just helpful but so sweet and came by our table several times to make sure we were taken care of . great personalities.. great staff ! thank you russell and andrew for making my first jason 's deli experience awesome . i just wish they had one close to where i live in orange county california !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just some regular white people cuisine . nothing you ca n't make at home . shows how lazy those people are .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service was slow and the muffaletta was not very good . the bread was too thick and the relish was harsh of olives and not very balanced . the meat what little there was of was ok but a real muffaletta has mortadella , salami ham and provolone . the chili was this an kind of salty and did n't have very many onions . will give another chance possibly but not a stellar dining experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place , wrapini ... . sooo good ! please open one in orange county ! ! ! ! ! free muffins and soft serve ! oh and i left my phone at the table and the staff was nice enough to keep it for me ! xoxox !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to get lunch from here for the first time . the lobster chowder was amazing . soup was chunky and filled with lobster . the wild salmon-wich was good but might try a different sandwich next time . definitely will be coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jason 's deli i just wish they had more around town it 's hard to find a good salad bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salad bar was decent , so i could have given 3 stars . but the vegetable soup was awful . it should run & hide from anyone who has ever tried cafe zupa 's veggie soup . my friends decided this is no longer a deli since they do n't offer brisket & the corned beef is just cold & not steamed , ready to slice like the good delis they used to enjoy . so they each ordered a $ 7 potato . those potatoes might be big , but seriously $ 7 ? ? ? this is n't one of the gourmet rooms . for that amount they could have gotten soup & 1 2 sammie at zupa 's . found out there 's even bigger salad bars at a steakhouse nearby for less $ , so no need to ever go back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great ! food was great also . my son had the kids turkey sandwich which came with a side , and a drink ! my husband had the pastrami sandwich , and i had the club ! we just moved here from cali and so far one of our favs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dirtiest restaurant i 've ever been in . filth everywhere . seems as if the health inspectors never check here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there food is really good but i definitely suggest dining in instead of picking up or delivery . delivery usually takes a really long time and when you pick up they often forget the dressings , utensils , etc . would give this place a better review because they have good food but the service kind of ruins it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent food . it 's hard to get light healthy food around here . i do wish the salad were a bit more fresh . the blonde manager should n't be managing anything other than her attitude . other than that it 's good . i do like the tall heavyset guy that works here he 's a sweet heart . also , the black tall guy , he 's incredibly sweet !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "took forever for my chicken noodle to come , my husband had to get it himself . it was just sitting in the counter and when i tried it i was cold ... im so mad right now never coming back yo this place ever..oh yeah the last time i ordered something to go here my husband almost died from choking because there was like a bone or a toothpick in his santa fe chicken", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this way better than other sub places for the same price . free soft serve with your order . awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times . i try to avoid the m-f lunch rush . service is okay . baked potatoes are huge . salad bar has more of a selection than other places . tip : the soft serve is free . help yourself . = )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love soups and sandwiches ( especially when they 're fresh ) and i love this place ! great really large baked potatoes . workers are willing to walk you through having your sandwiches made with their fresh ingredients . i always have left overs here . i crave their food and love that the rumor is they 're going to open another one closer to nw vegas . casual place that is a sure hit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went last night and it was not crowded at all . it did seem to take a while to order as there 's quite a selection to choose from . the food was very good and they brought it to the table after giving you a number to place on a stand . they reminded us that they offer free ice cream cones and that was actually very good . the food was clean healthy and tasty . my wife had a half sandwich and a cup of soup which was fine for her . i had a full sandwich with a bowl of soup and actually it was too much . they did get confused and did not deliver the bowl of soup as we had paid for and they apologized . they had to take it out of somewhere and heat it up it sounded like . but all in all it was an excellent place to eat off of the strip and was not crowded was clean and safe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous ! i went there twice during this trip ! everything i had was good ! i 'm def gon na have to make this a regular stop every time i 'm in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm obsessed with jason 's deli ! absolutely love their chicago club sandwich , with baked chips of course ! whenever i dine in i always get the fresh salad bar . sometimes when i 'm under the weather i 'll switch it up and get a hot soup ! staff is always friendly . and free ice cream when you dine in as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it could n't have gone any better . alan is available by phone every step of the way and if he was n't painting he was constantly showing up to make sure little things were being done to perfection . its as if his house were being painted for the first time and it 's obvious he enjoys what he does . thanks for a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alan and his crew did an incredible job revitalizing the walls in a house we just purchased . the walls were extremely covered with smoke residue from the previous owners . they knew what was needed to clean and seal the walls , and lived with his quote . when the paint in one room looked a little spotty , they pointed it out and asked if they could come back and paint it again . they came back twice to add more coats until they were satisfied . what did they charge for the extra time and paint . nothing , alan stuck to his quote , and would not take additional payment . i would recommend them and plan to have them back to do additional painting very soon . thank you , alan , tim and the rest of the crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a shame . the lady who is the owner is very nice and welcoming and offers you a drink while u wait for her rude staff to do your nails . 2 young asian girls are very rude and talk openly about you right in your face . i wish i knew her name so i could warn you not to have her do your nails ! ! she does a terrible job and when you ask her to fix something , she gets all huffy and has a really bad attitude and then tells the girl sitting next to her all about it . the two women owners are so nice , but their staff is going to ruin their business . richmond hill is very competitive for nail salons and something like this is bound to effect repeat business . i felt so uncomfortable after i left there that i will never return ! i spend a lot of money in these places and i am going to spend my money else ware !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the ladies that work her and the work they put out . they always do i great job with clean tools : ) my favourite spot in richmond hill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two of the manicurists are great . i do like the place and they remove and wash filters in the foot baths - an absolute must . on the down side , the manager is a tough , unfriendly and unaccommodating woman . the owner is kim , but it is a well-kept secret.. any time ther is an issue , kim sends the manager to handle it and kim remains anonymous . i have had nails ruined because they rush me out the door and then they will not compensate me with a free manicure or a refund . i do n't need to go to a mani ped place where i do not feel welcomed by the manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they always rushed everything and tried to charge extra . they never listen to what you want , file your skin most of the time , and expect a nice tip . very mediocre job on your nails , and if you complain the get pissed and rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never be returning here again ! i hate having my toenails long so i trimmed them to my comfortable length before going and they were all so rude speaking in a mix of english and their language about how i cut my toenails before i went . the manager kim who was doing my mani pedi even called over another manicurist to come and see my short toenails and laugh . every single one of them was making fun of the fact that i did n't want long toe nails . they are my toes damnit ! another time i went for a pedicure a few months ago the woman pushed my cuticles so far back on my toes that 4 of my toes were bleeding . she complained that my toes are n't 'tough enough ' . i 'll be taking my 'delicate toes ' to a place much more hygienic than them even if it means that i have to pay more !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ive gone here twice , and they are so over priced for what they produce . honestly the only reason i 've gone here is because my usual place was booked solid and i was desperate . they charge $ 45 for a filling . my usual place charges $ 25 its ridiculous . the second time i went a guy named john did my nails and it was the sloppiest job i 've ever seen , i hate my nails so much ( which i paid $ 45 on ) that i 'm going to a different salon tomorrow to change them . i am never going here again . i 've spent $ 100 just for two fillings , and both times they were horrible . g-nails the next plaza over is amazing though . cheap prices for an amazing job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went with a friend and watched her get her manicure and pedicure done . i can clearly tell they were trying to rush the process and the entire time , my friend got such horrible service . the staff were all so unfriendly to us and they are super overpriced for the quality of work they do ! ! we will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited over 1 1 2 hrs with an appointment . they tell me i could n't have xrays done without a doctor 's note ( because i 'm pregnant ) , which they did n't tell me till they took me to the xray room . i had to tell them i was pregnant ( they are supposed to ask ! ) . then ! they sit me in the room , and i wait just for them to say that my insurance only covers exams every 6months ... duh ? really ? then wtf did you schedule my appointment for 2 weeks early before the 6months was up ? i did n't choose the date , you guys did , knowing it was supposed to be 6months from the last appointment . soooo ... 1 1 2 hrs , no exrays , no exam , no cleaning . suck a big bag of c cks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to give them zero stars they are screwing me still ! i went there because my insurance company sent me for a cleaning after a million x-rays more than i 've ever had before they tell me the cleaning will be 125.00 more than my insurance ! and they want to do all this work over 4000.00 and one crown is brand new and i know is fine ! so i left now i 'm being billed for a 125.00 for something that they never did and now this month they are bastards and added a ten dollar late fee they can eat rocks i 'm not paying ! and just so you know they have no customer service and the better business bureau says that they do n't settle disputes !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just have to mention that during my visit today , denita solomon and zabee hassen at the 35th ave. and t-bird ave western dental location were very polite , friendly and professional . they both made sure my dental cleaning was comfortable ; they both always checked now and then to see if i am alright . they were attentive to any questions or concerns i had . they are one of the main reasons why i will keep going to western dental . you two are super ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you so much victor for your advice regarding my real estate situation . expert advice . you really helped clarify my home buying options . you 're the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victor did an excellent job helping us find our first home . we gave him a list of things we wanted in a home and he did a great job in finding us plenty of options to choose from . victor was always available when we needed to talk and responded to emails in a timely manner . i would 100 % recommend him to anyone looking for a home in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking to buy a house please call victor . he was extremely professional and very patient . at no time did i feel pressured into buying a home . victor worked around my schedule and often met on saturday and sundays . it was my first time buying a house and victor made the experience painless and enlightening . he often pointed out potential problems in houses that i would never had imagined . if or when i sell my house i would n't hesitate to call him again . my experience was 5 star !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone knows that buying or selling a home can be very stressful but victor made getting my dream home a stress free reality . looking back at the whole process and hearing other nightmare experiences it was crazy how smooth the whole process was . i had a hard task in front of me and i did n't know what i was getting into . see i wanted to sell my two story home and look for a single story house with a pool . victor found me two very interested buyers in a week and i found my dream home shortly after . i would not believe it possible if it did n't happen to me but i was able to close my house on thursday and got the keys to my new home the very next day . if you need someone more then a realtor , someone that truly only has your best interest then please look no further then victor gismondi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victor went above and beyond for us during our condo purchase . he never made it seem that our requests or questions were onerous or silly . victor has the patience of a saint ! our first deal fell through and then it was a few months before we closed on the other and victor never voiced any concerns or complaints . victor is very knowledgeable about the las vegas market . he is super responsive in getting back to his clients with questions and concerns via email or text . he is diligent in viewing properties and will point out problems he sees to his clients . he spent an entire day with us during super bowl weekend showing properties and is even helping us after our loan has closed ! that is 5 star service ! ! i highly recommend victor gismondi for anyone looking to purchase property !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking to purchase my 1st home when i met victor . he was very patient and knowledgeable as well as professional . he also went above and beyond to satisfy me as a client . victor made my transition so smooth . looking back over my experience i 'm so happy to have met victor ! ! i highly recommend victor for your real estate needs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "halal this location in brampton is quite new and therefore , clean and the service is better here than a couple other locations . the food and portions at this location are also better than what i have noticed at other locations . maybe it was a good day for the chef . overall , i like this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stumbled into this place because shoeless joe was not open yet and it was the best detour ever . i have n't encountered authentic lebanese food in such a long time . kibbeh was nutty , lamby , and delicious . chicken shawarma wrap was nicely spiced . of course i asked for garlic sauce on the side . you have to . baklava and the other sweets were some of the best . they were nutty , crispy and lightly sweet . perfect end to a yummy meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this location , as the one in mississauga is really good , but they do n't compare . the service is super slow and not welcoming . you have to chase someone for water refills . the cheese and zaatar , was missing the zaatar and the cheese was not melted . my taste buds were disappointed . they forgot our sides , again having to chase someone down to get it . the only thing they did right was the falafel . i guess i 'll be sticking with my mississauga location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love the look of the place and they have some great doctors here however the waiting period is horrendous luckily tim horton 's and walmart are close by to provide some distraction .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whoever answered the phone at 1953hours today , november 6,2015.. shame on you ! do not let your stress at work get on to individuals who just want to know who 'll be the doctor the next day . rude lady . disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pork bone soup in town , i prefer the yonge location . the soup is very flavourful and rich . the pork was tender and moist . would definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best pork bone soup.. yum good and fast service . great food . the place can use some renovation ( new chair ) but it does n't bug me as a regular customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pork bone soup is defintiely worth a try . for cheap eats , this is a good place to go for some korean food . i liked the pork bone soup . my hubby tried the bibimbap and he did n't like it . according to him , it 's too bland and no texture . it does n't have an authentic korean taste to it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chicken bulgogi on a hot plate was a+ .. tastes a little sweet and spicy . served with side bowl of rice . not too much food but satisfying . the beef bibimbap though was not that great , very bland , not served hot even in the stone bowl ? need to spice it up with the rooster sauce . a lot of people had ordered the pork bone soup , so we 'll have to try it another time . i do n't frequent korean restaurants that often .. off the top of my head i 've gone to joons ( yonge & sheppard ) and 2 kachi locations ( spadina and bloor st ) , seoul garden at pacific mall , sariwon ( yonge & clark ) as the basis of my comparisons . service can be a little more friendlier and more attentive but the place is clean and the the bulgogi i ordered is ok so i 'll try it again sometime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love korean dishes , especially the beef ribs , it 's really yummy . personally , i ca n't take hot dishes , but still love their hot soup , it 's very delicious ! ! i think they are very cheap in price , but reasonable . because one dish is not enough for me , i found that their size of the rice bowl is way too small for me . i am a real rice lover , i wish they can give me one more bowl of rice free ! i wish they can renovate the interior design of the restaurant , it 's a bit old . if you do n't mind about the environment , food is good and yummy ! and their service is good too , the ladies who work there are just very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would typically give a good review as the last few times i 've gotten take out has been good . except today after finishing my pork bone soup i found a bug in my soup . unfortunately we ate all the food already luckily did n't drink the soup but it left me feeling sick . sure bugs are n't bad for us per say but this is unhygienic and gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in the area , not too far from first markham place and the owl of minerva is where i get my quick fix of korean food . it 's as good as it gets in the area for pork bone soup . i only get the pork bone soup from here , everything else on their menu is so-so . pork bone soup comes in a good portion for $ 9.99 sometimes i get rice cake with it or the clear noodles , which are all good . i like how you can choose the spiciness of their soup and it comes fairly quickly . you only get 3 side dishes ( pickled seaweed , kimchi , pickled radish ) , which is a smaller selection than other korean restaurants . 4 5 for the overall experience 5 5 for their pork bone soup", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to their locations in north york , richmond hill and koreatown and this is probably their worst location in terms of the amount and the quality of the food . we ordered their pork bone soup and bibimbap . the glass noodles in the pork bone soup were quite good , however the portion of pork bone was pretty small , especially compared to nakwon , just next door . the pork bone at owl was of slightly higher quality than nakwon but still average . the bibimbap was disappointing . once again , the portion was quite small . there was plenty of rice , however the dish lacked toppings . there was barely any beef in it and i counted 2 measly slices of mushroom . although the food did taste good , i will likely not be returning to this location . i would recommend their north york location though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . i probably go here once every two weeks for lunch and get the pork bone soup . the service is great , the pork bone soup is amazing and it 's cheap . the only thing that bothers me is the terrible korean pop show that have on the tvs . update : i just tried their cold wheat noodle soup . a little sweet and sour , came with slices of pork , half a hard boiled egg and pickled cucumber . the noodles were really slippery and soft ( in a very very good way ) . perfect for today 's 42\u00bac heat ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "atmosphere : small , good location , usually pretty decently cleaned , today i found a bug inside my tea though ... food : 1. spicy udon seafood noodles : perfectly spicy , seafood came from one of those groceries mixed seafood bags at the supermarket , a bit disappointed in that . overall though , the sauce was delicious , which made up for everything else price : 11.00 overall : owls is known for being a bit pricer , but it 's a staple place . so i 'll definitely be back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the worst owl of minerva ever . i came into the restaurant late . they said its last call and in a very rush attitude . then the food was so rush too and taste much worse then other location . i do n't feel like i 'm a customer to be honest . not recommend at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good food , but the selection kind of sucks . they are really understaffed and it is impossible to get a seat here on the weekends . the food is just ok , and the price is not cheap .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you get very little for what you pay for . i ordered a bibimbap and was surprised how little rice i get with it and there was barely any beef in it . they only give you 3 side dishes regardless you come yourself or in a group . they wo n't come and ask if you need more , heck they did n't even come and refill our tea they just stood there . the problem is lack of competition in the area so they get away with whatever they want . there are only a couple of korean restaurants there . if you want the real deal go to korean town area and look up on yelp you will find more stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is pretty good and the servers were very attentive and friendly . i had the bibimbap ( $ 11.99 ) and my friend had the chicken bulgogi ( $ 12.99 ) . decent sized portions for the price . the bibimbap was great but could have used a little bit more meat . otherwise , no complaints ! menu has all the essential korean dishes and is in no way overwhelming . i give it a three star as opposed for to a five just for aesthetic . i know it 's not supposed to be a fancy restaurant , but it seems like it could be a little bit cleaner in the eating area . would come back and try other dishes !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a very nice dinner here tonight . ordered the japchae and kalbi ! prices are very reasonable . although the menu is n't very big there will be some korean dish that should serve your appetite well ! 3 banchan dishes are n't anything exciting but are adequate . staff is cheerful and pleasant . sure i 'd return !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place always makes consistently good food . all the dishes are pretty simple ( same sauces , different combination of ingredients ) , but they are all tasty . my favourites are the pork bone soup , tofu soup , spicy squid , and the beef bulgogi . again , not much variation in the menu but always consistent . their finch location is probably the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i ordered take out . i order tofu dumpling soup and my husband got pork bone soup . as my husband was eating the porkbone soup , he discover an insect on top of one of his pork bones . i wo n't order from this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "except a long hair inside the soup , it was nice . the soup was replaced quickly . maybe sunday evening is not a good day for their well-known pork bone soup.. side dishes on the table were two kinds of kimchi and seaweed salad only . fast service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as i was in the mood to get my korean food fix for the week in i decided to try this place out and my usual plan is to have the pork bone soup ( spicy of course ) and use it as a gauge for the place as a whole . the pbs was pretty decent and the spiciness was just right for my taste : not tongue burning but definitely has a kick . it needs to be less stingy potatoes cos i only got one : maybe 3 would suffice if it could all fit into the bowls they use . the banchan ( aka side dishes ) were very tasty but there was n't much variety amongst the dishes as there was 2 kim chi dishes and 1 neutral dish . i could have done with some bean sprouts or marinated potatoes ( to make up for the lack of potatoes in the pbs ) . that 's all it is : lacking in variety . the lady that was serving me was very polite and well mannered : something basic that 's missing in many places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i must say i had high hopes for owl of minerva , since the one at yonge and finch is fantastic ( food at least , not the `` ambience '' and `` cleanliness '' ) . i had their famouse pork bone soup . this one at fmp was small , and the meat was n't boiled for a long time ... so needless to say , getting the meat off the bone took a long time , and it just took the `` joy '' of eating pork bone soup out of it . there is n't much kimchi dishes either . i would pass on this location and make the trek to the yonge finch one , or go next door to nak won .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have n't been here in awhile , the service really improved . normally , we do n't get much service ... the food came really fast . korean is famous for their side dishes ! make sure you do n't get full from just eating the side dishes ! i know how tempting they can get . this time , i got the bibimbap and it was filled with flavours . i pretty much devoured my plate of meat and my bowl of rice . this is often my go to place for korean !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "glad i tried this place . servers speak cantonese but the food is authentic korean . tried the pork bone soup and enjoyed it . there 's the option to chose noodles instead of rice with the soup which is a nice option . would return here for a quick , inexpensive meal ( $ 6- $ 7 per dish , lots of 1 dish meal options ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have tried many places for pork bone soup and i always go back to owl for pork bone soup because it the most tastiest one . i also love their chicken bolgogi but i think there is too much vegetables compared to chicken .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my parents and my gf to introduce the 'rents to the joy of korean food . if only there was a buk chang dong in richmond hill ! settled for some minerva . that being said , the quality for the food is pretty decent with prices matching other korean places as expected . we ordered a seafood and noodle dish for 4 , i can not remember the exact name of it though = . spicy level of the food was a bit lacking given that korean food is my go to food for tongue numbing awesomeness . like my earlier statement , there are places that i feel do the mainstays of pork bone soup and bibimbap at a price point and quality level that exceeds minerva . that being said minerva is n't a terrible option either and i will and have returned since . total bill was n't too bad for 4 people and we did leave with leftovers and full stomachs so no complaints there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was really good here , nice and spicy and freshly prepared . the food came out quickly and was very hot . i would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually go to the location in north york as it is older one . once this one open up i came here more often as it is closer to my place . the gam ja tang is as good as ever too bad they do not have purple rice . price is good and bulgogi is amazing ! rating : service : 3 5 food quality : 3 5 comfort 2 5 decor 2 5 value : 3 5 parking : 2 5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for ! i have come to owl of minerva twice already and i 've only come here to satisfy my craving for korean food . i got their tteokbokki , which is a traditional korean dish that consists of soft rice cake , fish cake , and the sweet red chili sauce called gochujang . it was pretty good and it was sure spicy ! i got the mild , but the spice was bringing tears to my eyes . i would suggest you get the milk if you can handle spice . i thought i could , but i guess i was wrong haha . it was a good amount of food for what i paid for . their kimchi was ok and their other side dishes were mediocre . their employees are very nice ! they were very friendly and assisted us with all of our questions !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "over the years , i have been to many authentic korean restaurant and have to give the owl of minerva that their pork bone soup is still the best in toronto . great service too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service even before closing . especially bright , young lady with braces who is always polite and efficient . good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only go to the drive thru here . i like that they always get my order right . if the line is long , and can take a while to get thru .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on the few occasions we 've visited this location and ordered milkshakes , the machine was `` out of order '' . at least this location has one thing over the solon location : a friggin drive-thru ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hello friends , i was told about this place from another place that does the same work . deep . so they must be pretty good . they did the job and done it well and less expensive than everywhere else that i called . i 'd go back if need be . but hopefully i wo n't have to . go check em out , ttfn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was searching online for the best deal to get a muffler installed on my car . the former owner thought it would sound `` cool '' if they removed the exhaust and catalytic converter completely . well , cool was n't the term that i would use to describe it . maybe wet the bed loud or maybe slightly louder than front row at a rock concert . called to get a price and he beat everyone . when i arrived , he took one look at my situation and offered me an even lower price ! ! ! when does that happen ever ! ? ! in about an hour , i was on my way . i could n't recommend buddy 's enough . it was worth the drive from charlotte to save as much as i did and talk cars with these guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "showed up first thing in the morning to have the exhaust system from my friend 's wrecked truck welded on to mine . the prices were so great that i ended up just getting a brand new system ! my truck sounds way more aggressive and its lots more fun to drive . i was in and out in around an hour or so . definitely worth the drive from north charlotte to have this done , everything looks top notch quality . highly recommended going here over anywhere else . if you drive a silverado like i do , you 've got ta go with the flowmaster super 10 dual exhaust , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys do great work . i was very indecisive on exactly what i was looking for but the installer went out of his way to hook up the 2 different mufflers to demonstrate the different sounds . even more so , they actually swapped out the muffler the next day after i thought the one i originally had was too loud for my liking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very pleased with the overall experience . we have been scouting hot tubs for a while , and we were able to get a customized tub at a very fair price . eric was very helpful at explaining our options and getting us exactly what we wanted for the price we wanted . we have n't had it delivers yet , but so far so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great work on my new spa thanks ! backyard leisure pools and spas . good costumer service and very knowledgeable . many choices of spa and manufactures to choose from . i highly recommend if you are looking to buy a pool or spa that you stop in and take a look for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times over the last 10 years and when i am doing `` the rounds '' so to speak , it seems to always have the hottest dancers . not sure if brandi is still the bartender or not but she was always on top of things , nice to look at and a great personality . easy for the money to go quick though . the table dances and lap dances could be a little longer . overall a decent experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in laval , al sultan is where most of the arab community spend their friday & saturday evenings . the entrance is a fixed amount for both days which include supper and a singing & dancing show with live music & singers . the atmosphere is nice & fun especially for the people who like middle eastern & north african music . the food is good & you can order the same mezza more than once , the only costly items are alcohol . they do n't have many choices of wine but you can find the best arak ( lebanease local drink ) as well as scoth whisky ( shivas & johny wlaker ) besides few variety of wines . it opens at 9 pm until 3 am . join the crowd if you love to dance ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "now this restaurant offer better food , service and ambiance music . i enjoy it last time i went there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst mediterranean restaurant for food and services . the meat is not fresh , over spiced and salted . expensive for the quality and services offered . their salad dishes are not fresh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i mentioned a few facts about my present health to update the primary physician and before i could say `` phlebotomy '' i had an appointment at the ( central ) phoenix neurology and sleep center , one of several offices in this practice across the state . filling out my patient fact sheets at the phoenix neurology and sleep center with complete honesty before i could say `` myoclonic jerk '' i had a comprehensive set of scans and tests arranged matching each box i checked off . i find dr. shruti badhwar an excellent medical specialist . i recommend phoenix neurology and sleep as an excellent starting place if you have issues relating to the brain and or nervous system , including snoring , restless sleep , occasional dizziness , twitching , jerking or serious memory loss . my personal issue is that i 'm simply a jerk . no myoclonic here . dr. badhwar ca n't recommend much for that . however i do have a slight vitamin d deficiency that 's pretty easy to raise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. badhwar is great , but consistently late . the last 2 appointments i have waited more than an hour in the waiting room , and each time she walked in with a fresh , hot coffee . offer wi-fi for waiting patients .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well this is a fairly new place to the airport . all the chains have left the airport pretty much . there are still a few . but a lot of them are independent , however hms host has their hand in some , if not all . not that that is a bad thing . anyway i gave them a try one morning about 8:45 . i am precise because , that is what it says on my receipt . the girl taking the order is not very happy and i think that it is very high priced . yes even for the airport . it is very confusing the way you get in line to order your coffee as well . you actually have to go through another place to get to the ordering station . starbucks have all gone away from the inner part of the terminal . 4 now . so you do have some choices . but , i can not say a lot of great things about lola 's either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "need a good cup of coffee and you 're at sky harbor ? head to terminal 4 and find press coffee down at the end of the terminal . their coffee is a fresh roast with a lite aroma and smooth finish . i particularly like getting a double shot americano with a little room . it 's very tasty and a great way to start your flight to wherever you 're headed . as you can see by my check ins i 'm here a lot and its because of their coffee and service . i hope to see you see there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know ... . airport locations are rarely as good as regular locations , and this was the truth for press . regardless , the service here was top notch and the coffee was acceptable . prices are fairly reasonable . i 'd definitely come here over starbucks hands down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite place for coffee at sky harbor . on early morning flights , i 've been known to walk across several gates in order to get something to eat or drink here . the service is always great , and it feels good to support a local coffee place even while traveling . nothing like a latte from here to get your day of travel off to the right start !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here 2 16 17 on my way home to long beach , ca . @ 8:30 - super nice guy working the register and being incredibly polite and conversational . a really good experience after a long travel across the country . whoever that guy is , thank you pros : - wine & beer selection - coffee options and drinks - sandwiches , teas , breakfast - smoothies ! - outlet to charge tech - awesome staff ! ! cons : - needs more seating", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long day of traveling , a bad experience at the next door so called mexican restaurant and a short time to catch a connecting flight , a tequila shot was desperately needed but wine would be the next best thing . press coffee food & wine came in handy . the wine was cold , service was fast and good . michael , the guy at the register was fun , chatty , friendly and sympathetic to us travelers . i was in and out and had no time to hang out but they seemed to have a wide selection of beer , wine , coffee and sandwiches . michael ( at the register and serving drinks ) : you rock . you get five stars for outstanding customer service . you are fun and witty and your friendly ways have a way to turn things around . keep up the good work ! the small bar facing the gates could use some cleaning as it was collecting empty glasses and bread crumbs but on the bright side it had some outlets to recharge electronic devices .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best coffee i 've had in a while . friendly staff . great way to kill time before flights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 7+ with tip wasted on a horribly undrinkable latte . not sure why the high ratings here ? maybe the food 's good ? would n't know since i came for the coffee , and the coffee 's just plain foul . a strange combination of super weak , burnt tasting ... all kinds of wrong . people working here were very friendly and nice though , just not enough to disguise the vile sludge they 're trying to pass off as coffee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super great service from daquan and excellent tasting latte ! all is good at this little stop ... daquan ( i probably spelled his name wrong ) was super polite and made me a great coffee . stop by when you 're at terminal 4 and get a drink ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy the phoenix sky harbor airport added an alternative to starbucks ! press coffee food & wine offers coffee drinks , beer , wine , sandwiches , salads , wraps , and pastries . it 's got a grab and go atmosphere , but there is also a counter to sit and get on wifi . the coffee is smooth and delicious , i did n't even need to add cream . my hubby got a cinnamon roll , which they warmed up for him and he devoured it . the staff were young friendly college girls who were very fast and helpful , and greatly appreciated the addition we made to their `` college fund '' jar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a coffee drinker so did not try it . i 'm sure it 's good . however , i ordered the breakfast sandwich with a sausage patty and it was horrible ! ! ! there were no condiments , so it was dry . the description on the menu stated `` scrambled eggs '' ; however the egg was a slab of blandness . there was no cheese ( ? ? ? ) . the english muffin was not toasted and soggy . i can make a better sandwich . it was the worst breakfast sandwich i ever had . and for the price ( close to $ 8 ! ! ) , a complete rip off ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love that there is some other coffee place now at sky harbor other than the usual starbucks ! not only that , press is impressive ! the staff is on their froth ! they are all very inviting and friendly from the moment you step foot off the concourse carpet into the enclave of java sandwich salad etyou are treated like a guest and not a number . i like that . they are seemingly thankful you are there to give them your time and money . i love that they recommend coffees or what not for you if you are sometimes indecisive like me . i sometimes want the americano add shot and sometimes the american with two add shots ! i mean i am a blonde and that is how it goes ... hard to make those pressing decisions before i fly off to the friendly..skies ! to go off the beans of normal try the macchiato , a little different than the one at the competitor . good on the go grub for the flight too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i can only really review the breakfast food here . i was at the airport so early that even security gates were n't open , so when i got to my gate nothing was open either . after some time and right before i had to board , i figured i should get some breakfast , and press was the only place open yet . pretty much every breakfast item is $ 7.65 , and while i know i 'm subject to airport pricing , i 'd expect quality that would at least surpass mcd 's . nope . my breakfast sandwich was a wannabe bacon mcmuffin with a barely toasted english muffin , lifeless bacon strips and flavorless egg and cheese . i guess press is a breakfast option for when you 're at the airport too early and have a corporate card to pay for overpriced food . at least the staff were nice for it being so early .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these two guys mike and kurt are the best . great service , hospitality and professionalism here ! pretty good eats too . this is the spot without doubt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . rubbish food . but i guess that 's to be expected in an airport terminal . iced coffee was just alright . i 've had way better . caesar side salad had pieces of rotten & brown lettuce . and my tuscan chicken wrap came out with nothing but lettuce on it . there was literally zero chicken anywhere to be found . i had to send it back and request another one . the new one they send out was just as bad . wo n't be back . waste of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has a nice selection of sandwiches and wine . i got the chicken panini with avocado , it was ready quickly and very good . the pinot grigio was yummy , not too sweet . the best part was the service ! the gentlemen were so personable and warm - vey nice when you are traveling and just need a friendly face ! i will definitely stop in again my next time through phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love local spots inside the airport , so much nicer than your typical airport fare . i had a delicious mango smoothie here . i 'm not sure exactly what more there is to say about it other than the fact that it was great , and very mango-y . my husband liked his coffee . we 'd definitely go again , and i want to check out their location in scottsdale next time i 'm in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they are super fast here when you are trying to catch a flight . always very friendly and i love their green tea : ) its also very convenient if you fly out of the b gates at the end of the hall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so impressed with the fabulous service received this morning . who is that cheerful at 4:30 in the morning ? i do n't know how but the young man helping us this morning was wonderfully friendly to absolutely everyone he came in contact with . he has a smile that would light up a room and he used it well ! very nice to receive that level of service when trying to wake up and get a long day started !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "conveniently located at the end of the b wing by gates 11-14 . perfect for early flights ! especially when only other option open is wendy 's . loved the breakfast burrito & you get an option of bacon or sausage ( neither for me , $ 1 to add avocado ) . the staff are awesome ! friendly & engaging with everyone in line . i appreciated their humor and kindness at 5am before a flight . i 've been here before & grabbed a latte- not bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shoutout to the super friendly cashier and barista who turned my mood around after being welcomed to the phoenix airport by a snarky american airline desk operator who was mad that a bunch of people missed our memo ( that we did n't get ) on where to wait for our valeted bags . misplaced bitching aside , the guy who was the cashier was crazy personable and instantly fixed my slightly sour arrival . the baristas name was mike but i 'm not sure what the other guys name was . either way , thanks for reminding me that not everyone is rude and mad that they have to work at their job ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of all the fabulous high end restaurants in scottsdale , i came across this outstanding pair of people at press coffee at the airport prior to my return flight . these two young men gave service a new meaning ! they were accommodating , friendly and possessed a tremendous sense of humor . thanks mike and kirk for a fabulous experience ! ! ! you are unforgettable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a sad veggie wrap and diet soda . not unusual for airport food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "traveled through phx on a busy friday and only had an hour to get lunch . press coffee was really busy , but the employees at press coffee were quick to get through the line and were friendly while they did it . i ordered the tuscan chicken panini , got it fast and it was tasty . next time i 'm at sky harbor i 'll be going to press coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast quick friendly service if your looking for a little breakfast sandwich and coffee or oj before your flight !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must give credit where it due . as a frequenter of phx this place always radiates positive vibes and gets you ready for your flight . the owners make the place ! i can only speak to the wine , but it 's the best in terminal b !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee is not that great , way too strong . i love coffee but not this coffee . also , i tried the breakfast burrito . it was even worse . if i was n't at the airport i would ask for my money back . terrible , terrible , terrible . i feel that i wasted my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i actually liked stumbling upon this coffee wine location located within the sky harbor airport during my stopover a couple weeks ago . two of my favorite things to drink ... ... coffee and wine ? ! the staff here was so nice and could n't decide whether or not to get some caffeine or alcohol in my system . after talking to the person who helped me at the register , i ended up getting latte . only because she reminded me that i would have to drink the wine in the tiled area , where as the coffee i could go wander back to my gate . my beverage was made quickly and tasted up to par , so i 'm glad to have come here . also , as much as i love my starbucks , it does n't have the ridiculously long line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , and the baristas are a blast . good airport experiences are hard to come by . thanks , guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved barristas service , extremely nice and i loved the music they were playing ( r & b ) overall great place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second review . tried the breakfast wrap . nicely prepared , just not much flavor . now the coffee . the best carmel latte i have had in years . staff was awesome as usual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best airport coffee shop experience i have ever had . after a long wait at security those guys immediately changed my attitude and day . from incredibly fun servers , great music and quick service this place was exactly what i needed during my travels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm becoming a regular with all my flights taking off next to it . paninis are great and go well with my hazelnut latte", "score": "4"}
{"review": "almond milk option in an airport ? i 'm always fascinated by this . i think phoenix cares about being healthy after all ! i got an iced mocha almond milk and tasted great . the two baristas were super friendly . no complaints !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was here in phoenix with a 2 hour layover . i didnt have breakfast yet so i scoured the airport for options . this place immediately caught my attention it was alive with energy with music and a friendly greeting from the barista . exactly how i like to start the day . also woth mentioning that this place is local so no starbucks today . the coffe is unique . hot right amoint of roast and just enough acidity . the bagel and butter was so so . it wasnt bad but it wasnt anything special either but fare for the price . this place shimes for the fast service and ambience . really a great find the next time you have some time to kill at phx .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i 've been here the customer service has been stellar . also , there is usually a sexy man working and really good music playing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i come here the service is fantastic . staff is always friendly . great coffee and shocked at the cheap price tag on the beer and wine . great place to fuel up pre-flight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a vanilla latte . had to have it remade . the milk was cold , milk was not frothed very well . long lines , slow service . please bring back starbucks in the airport ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the great options for food at an airport . the service is incredible and the music in the background adds to the experience . this is definitely worth stopping bye . i pay to eat here versus a free meal on the airplane !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had regular coffee and a pumpkin muffin , both actually really fresh and delicious . i was also in a pretty grumpy mood from lack of sleep ( had just come off a long , red-eye flight from hawaii ) when i went in there and the fantastic , friendly service turned my entire morning around . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection ! was on route to ny waiting to board and grabbed the best chai tea latte ever ! ! awesome staff highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "press coffee is awesome ! kurt & mike just made me the best hot chai latte ever . the beverages are great , but the customer service is great as well ! these guys are lots of fun and made me laugh and smile at the end of a very long day . thanks , guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place gets the one star because the food and sandwiches are good . otherwise , it 's a hot mess -- there are not enough employees , making for long waits just to order -- at times there is no one at the cashier . if you 're looking to pick up a quick bite to take on the plane -- be sure that you have at least a half hour before boarding time if you want food from this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding napa salad with chicken - so fresh healthy and flavorful ! amazing service from start to finish . i travel a lot and i can honestly say this was my best airport food experience ever ! i highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fresh food experience . they also have great wine and coffee options ! and the grilled cheese looked amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool casual airport joint . good music . great vibes . we ordered veggie wrap and a coffee to go . friendly staff and the food was delicious ! one star less coz i thought food was a touch expensive . i do n't blame them since they are in an airport but still ... overall i would rate as - ambience - 5 5 food taste - 4 5 presentation - 4 5 food quantity - 3.5 5 ( portions are smaller than expected ) service - 5 5 ( were cordial and service was fairly quick ) price - 3 5", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kudos to kurt ! i requested a special food order & he did not blink an eye . my food was prepared exactly the way i wanted & delivered with a smile . definitely not the usual airport eatery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a delightful experience ! the staff was so friendly and genuinely happy this morning . good coffee ! hidden at the end of terminal 4 , gate b .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here ! ! ! the barista makes terrible drinks and it took 30 minutes ! ! i 'm not even exaggerating ! ! it may have been even longer . excuse me owners of press fire your barista from today 5 27", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i guess my palate just does n't appreciate the coffee these guys serve up . for those of you you do like their stuff ... enjoy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as other reviewers have noted , michael and kurt with a k are high energy , positive people that make your day . i felt like i was their only customer and they were bound and determined to give me their best . my mother in law had the veggie wrap . she loved it . i had the hummus with ciabatta points . very good . if you find yourself in terminal 4 , b gates make a b line for press coffee food and wine and tell michael and kurt what you want . you wo n't be sorry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what makes this so special ? the staff . i had the pleasure of being served by mike and kurt . they treated me like i was someone special and they may never see me again ... why treat me ( and all the other patrons ) so nicely ? they serve the people `` with love '' . the service here and attitude of the staff is beyond remarkable . i 'll be back ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service - with attitude i always drop by the press coffee at scottsdale quarter and staff is great . this was my first visit to the sky harbor location . i asked if they did pour overs ( my usual ) and the barista gave me a dirty look and said no so i ordered a cappuccino . she then proceeded to make and serve the next 2 orders one of which was the same as mine ! when she served each order she stared straight at me as if to say : you are going to wait ! i refrained from making any comment or complaint . i suppose that 's one way to feel like you have some power . i give it 3 stars because the coffee was good . just did n't need the 'tude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best service and friendliest coffee stop in the airport . great coffee and a must stop if you are in the terminal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to sign up for yelp just so i could review this place . the entire staff is the most friendly i 've encountered since ... freakin ' disneyland maybe . they worked well together and were above and beyond happy and friendly . it shows that the company they work for takes care of them . great job ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh the guy working there made my morning ! he was so kind and positive towards all his customers . it 's simple things like that , that could make your whole day . thank you for making my day , do n't remember his name but definitely deserves recognition . i 'm from seattle area so of course i 'm picky with my coffee . i got the macchiato with vanilla and caramel . it was delicious and perfect to get me energized for the day . i stayed up all night so it was the perfect treat to keep me up till i boarded the place . thanks for the great customer service ! if i ever have a layover in arizona again , i will be sure to stop by again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome tasting chai tea latte ! whenever i have a stop over at phoenix intl airport , i insure i grab a chai latte and `` the pressto '' as well - these are small breadsticks along with three tasty sauces . good enough for vegetarian like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here after a great lunch at zinburger to be sadly disappointed at the quality of our latte . my wife and i ordered a vanilla latte with an extra shot of espresso . the latte had way too much vanilla in it ... no need to overcompensate with vanilla if someone orders a drink with an extra shot since they are likely more interested in the taste of the espresso . overall , this place has a great vibe to have a latte with friends but comes up just short of making a good latte .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just had the most wonderful service from michael d. he was super helpful , friendly , and just downright nice . it 's unfortunately rare these days to have such great service . i hope press appreciates such a great employee . it 's people like him who make you want to be loyal to a particular establishment . bravo press for finding such a great guy ! i 'll be going to press first before any other location . luckily there is one near my home as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have n't tried the coffee but the sandwiches are great . even better though is the enthusiasm of the staff . they love their place and it shows in how they interact . i asked for the chicken sandwich with pesto but wanted some greens added . no problem , but then the cashier asked `` hot or cold '' which confused me since it was described as hot . my face must have betrayed that because he added `` i was just thinking that those greens might not do well heated '' these guys care that you have a good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "iced chai latte was decent but pricey at nearly $ 6 for a 20 oz . the arizona club panini was awful ; the bread was really tough and chewy ( like it came out of a microwave ) . i took a few bites and threw out the rest .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best food served fast in terminal 4 concourse b near gate b9- i have had the napa salad for lunch and the breakfast burrito for breakfast here and both were excellent . they also make great cappucinos . most of the restaurants in this terminal all had salads premade in plastic boxes that looked identical . press coffee made the salad fresh and it was outstanding . furthermore , the staff was friendly and helpful , which was the reason i first ate there , after waiting a long time at the place next door for a cashier that did not appear happy to be at her post .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in terminal b . coffee , smoothies , sandwiches , wraps and charge your phone while you wait to depart . the panini is not the prettiest looking but very tasty and fulfilling . they are made to order also so you can adjust the ingredients . not bad for airport food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "skip this place . the coffee tastes burned and stale . service is far too slow for an airport .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing service and coffee ! probably the best blended coffee drink that i have ever had- and i have at least one a day ! i got a soy mocha coconut frappe with a shot of espresso . it was delicious and blended perfectly ! the right amount of sweet- but still tastes like coffee ! this place makes me want to drive the extra hour to fly out of phoenix instead of tucson .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite phoenix area coffee spot and it is in the airport . : d so happy there is more than starbucks here . sorry starbucks , this is real coffee not adult milkshakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great alternative to sbux . americano was good . asked how many shots i want rather than assuming . nice . breakfast burrito was huge . come if your hungry . nice experience for an airport . well done press .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times for morning coffee and food . they usually keep things moving pretty well and the coffee is good . way easier to get a morning coffee and snack here than at starbucks which always has a long line !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped here for a coffee while on a layover , and it was some of the best customer service i have received ... anywhere ! usually airport employees are non-engaging and seem like they are just trying to make it through the day . these employees were in a great mood , professional and conversational . it made my day ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about this place is terrible . if it were outside the airport , it would have already gone out of business . the tuscan chicken panini tastes more like a week-old anonymous tex-mex dish . my soy latte tastes burnt . i really thought soy lattes were impossible to mess up , but somehow they managed to achieve that . the only reason they get 2 instead of 1 stars is that the employees are actually very nice and friendly . they are just working within the constraints of a terrible cafe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service goes a very long way . on a connection in phx i stopped for a latte and panini . both were good . i 'm from portland , or ... so as far as coffee it 's not necessarily star . but when coffee is served with a smile and when you are acknowledged - it goes a long way . i ate nearby and listened as they wishes everyone a good day and apologize when the wait was a bit longer than usual . love the energy of this place . thanks for a pleasant pitstop guys ! made the second half of my trip from being away from my family for a week so much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the b gates do not have as many options for grab and go food . this was my first time here and i enjoyed the wrap that i took on my flight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shout out to lauren for best attitude and customer service ! efficient and friendly : what a dynamic combo ! ! delicious latte as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to grab a quick bite and a coffee before boarding the flight . we had their giant oatmeal raisin cookie and a black coffee , and enjoyed it . kept us pretty full throughout the flight . : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the two guys that work here are spreading joy with their customer engagement . this is my 2nd time here and they are consistent . my review is for the experience though the coffee is great , too . they have turned an airport dining experience into a joy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "monday the 22nd these 2 girls were in here at 4:40am killing it . food was fast ( i suggest the grand canyon breakfast burrito -add avocado ) and these girls really provided some great food and amazing service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only tried the iced mocha so that 's what i 'm basing my review on , but it was amazing ! prices are decent except charging extra for whipped cream is kinda lame . service was exceptional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sky harbor location has awesome customern service ! michelle is very helpful and very kind . their wine and kindness was just what i needed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice modern coffee kiosk with friendly people serving you . the coffee really amazed me , i went with low expectations just to get a cup of java but i was wrong . i 've got an americano and the taste was balanced and with good flavour . it can sound not relevant at all but the design of the cup made with corrugated material feels very comfortable and you do n't need to use any slid to do n't burn your fingers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "press coffee is the perfect pick me up when hurrying your flight out of the b gates . kurt and mike provide the ideal blend of great coffee and amazing service . greetings and great music put you in the mood to take on the bustling holiday travel season . this is my frequent stop over . sorry starbucks . perks to everyone at press sky harbor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why does press put their name on this product ? literally in the top ten worst cappuccinos i 've ever had . dreadful . love their tempe location . unacceptable coffee here at airport . fix it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst cup of coffee i 've ever had ... i 've managed to drink some really bad coffee , but i could n't bear to drink this . had to throw it out . it did n't help that the barista stuck her hand inside my cup to get it unstuck from the stack of other cups . i also got a blueberry muffin ; it was dry and not that good either . i 'd highly recommend that you get your morning coffee from anywhere else in the airport", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the morning crew at 7am on sun may 28 provided more sunshine than the big ball outside . this is how to run a business ! thank you , ladies , for that big ray of morning sunshine . . . and the macchiato was great , too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service from two of the gals up front ( believe one was named marcella ) . hardly looked up at me and were laughing about something on their phone that they were showing each other . the next customer in line got the same treatment . i have been to press at other locations and this was by far the worst experience . a woman named michelle came out later and she was professional and nice so i ca n't justify one star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "michael served me a `` full glass '' of chardonnay . it was n't the best wine , but the charisma the two gentleman had made my 10 minutes sipping wine enjoyable , even if he exaggerating a bit . 21 my butt . if you 're headed to b11 , or nearby , stop by for a compliment . thanks fir the chips michael , they were delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the food businesses in this concourse are supposed to open at 6:00am . press did n't open until 6:20 . the nice employees said they were waiting for the manager to show up . i like strong coffee , but the coffee here tasted terrible , especially for first thing in the morning , like the urn had not been clean out for some time . i had a breakfast burrito , made with a tasteless cardboard whole wheat wrap , ice cold guacamole mix and ice cold salsa from a jar , some kind of tasteless gluey american cheese and egg loaf . what a disappointment ! in the airport you are a captive audience and the competition is light . mr. press manager , please open your shop on time and get better ingredients . seems like you want to go out of business . my visit was 09 29 13 6:23am .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a busy crowded airport where things are hectic , it was so nice to visit this coffee shop and have the two gentlemen working the registers be so courteous and polite . and it was n't just to me , they greeted each guest with a smile and an extremely positive attitude . i did n't catch their names but i hope their management team will recognize and reward them for their great customer service . if i 'm ever back in this airport i will go out of my way to visit this place again . and the coffee is delicious ! great job guys ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kurt ( i 'm hoping that is his name ) , has an award winning personality and makes amazing coffee . totally made my day ! give him a raise ! it 's rare to find employees that are so guest oriented and great at what they do", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick stop , cheerful and attentive service . great coffee and food and not to forget the wine and beer too ! everything you would want when at the gate waiting for your flight and it 's good . wish they had more to these places at all airports . the two people working the counter and order were so welcoming and engaging , maybe it 's an arizona thing but it sure was something i found very consistent with everybody in line . cheers to such coffee shops at airports ! did n't give it five stars as the breakfast sandwich did lack a little seasoning , but their service made up for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped for coffee and breakfast before an early flight . sky harbor terminal 4 has a plethora of good options . press was at our gate , so we gave it a try . coffee was great , possibly better than cartel . great service , very friendly even at 5 am . breakfast sandwich was pretty good . burrito was a little messy but with the avocado was probably better . will need to try their scottsdale location next time we are in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for press coffee roasters phx airport terminal 4 b location . had a cappuccino and an egg and cheese sandwich . cappuccino was ok . the big disappointment was the sandwich . bread was soft and had no flavor . eggs and cheese were equally tasteless . overall , a mcdonald 's breakfast for 3x the price . if you want a quality breakfast at phx go to wildflower bakery by the a gates in terminal 4 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kurt and j were so great ... accomodated my request for 'no this ' , and 'extra that ' on my panini ! and wrapped it separately for my dad and me . all with a smile ! you do n't usually expect ( or get ! ) great service at an airport food location , but this was a real exception ! arizona club panini is amazing btw . thanks for good food and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "satisfied breakfast on the gooo thanks for making mine in a hurry , only had a few mins but y'all made it happen . appreciate the service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coolest guys in the world . definitely a great place to stop if your in the aa terminal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars are directly related to the enthusiastic gentleman working behind the counter . amazing customer skills & genuine . frappe is delicious & daughter ordered oatmeal she enjoyed . line moves fast . bit pricey but expected at airport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "blasting r & b at 7:30 am ! have no choice but to listen to it ! not a relaxing terminal , avoid , go to peets coffee in concourse a .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly staff , especially brandon whose contagious smile will brighten your day . and oh ... .the coffee & food is delicious too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible terrible . two stars only for the very friendly service . espresso was burnt . worst cappuccino ( ugh so smarmy ) . sorry it 's true ! almond milk tastes off , it could have been because it was heated waaay too fast and at too high a temp . no no no . starbucks does a better job , i really hate to say that . true coffee drinkers stay away !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a great family owned business . waiting for my flight and needed some coffee for a long day and they were awesome . plenty of people having food and wine as well . if you are near b10 stop by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ordered drinks - great wine . very friendly staff ! so needed at airport ! ! located in airport will elevate prices but not too much here . found them reasonable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed in the service here . besides being out of coffee my order sat on the window for over 5 minutes before it was brought out to me . then they forgot the napkins so i had to wait even longer . i will definitely choose another breakfast place on my next trip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "drink and muffin were very good , airport prices . the staff was very friendly and they serve dr. smoothie drinks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a nice little airport cafe . the staff was super nice , the breakfast burrito was solid ( not authentic , but exactly what i wanted -- eggs and bacon wrapped in a tortilla with some salsa to dunk it in ) , and the coffee was good . they kept things moving quickly , and were just so friendly and welcoming that i felt all warm and fuzzy as i waited on my 3 hours delayed flight x_x", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . mike and his co-worker were truly two of the best examples of customer service i have ever experienced . i want to go back and get something else just to experience them again ! simply outstanding . my tea was perfect and so were their faces : ) thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thing to happen all day so far . got groped by tsa in seattle . sat on the runway for an hour in phoenix once we landed . then this young man in a ny yankees jersey took my drink order with such positivity and enthusiasm . and the coffee was delicious to boot . i 'll be stopping by again in a couple days on my way back out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i 've ever been to press coffee , will not be the last . one of the best iced mocha 's i 've had in a long time . and i have a lot of them . this may even be better than the ones i make at home from my superauto espresso machine . and the employees were amazingly friendly . see you on my next flight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , they have a damn good coffee and all the milk options a girl could ask for , including unsweetened almond milk . hallelujah ! paninis are delish too . what really made the difference was the service . talk about service with a smile- i could n't help but smile myself ! thank you kurt ! keep it up , and we will all live longer because of it . sure makes traveling nicer when you have an option like this !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was maybe about 5 % better than what i would imagine mcdonalds must taste like . i ordered a breakfast sandwich with no meat . the cashier asked if i would like avocado , so i said yes thinking it was being offered as a substitute , as i 've experienced in many other cases . but they charged me a dollar for avocado , which turned out to be a spoonful of store bought guacamole . the cheese tasted like chemicals and my boyfriend 's americano tasted like watered down coffee . eat at matt 's if they 're open , or walk across the terminal to starbucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service and great mocha ! ! ! ! the dark guy working the counter was awesome he had tattoos and clearly works out and was honestly a great barista ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time here and i have to say that i was very impressed with the customer service given . it was 5:30 in the morning and the staff greeted me with a smile . i ordered the mango fruit smoothie as well as a strawberry one and they were delicious . although this was a bit far from my actual gate , this place was recommended to me so i took the walk and i have to say that i am glad that i did . if you are looking for a great pick me up on the day of your flight , stop at this little spot and check it out . it 's close to gate b9 in terminal 4 . you will also be glad that you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the few places in any airport that does n't jack up prices . great food and coffee -- always fresh and inexpensive . every time i come here the employees are super friendly . best service i sky harbor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a long layover at phoenix airport and went here . i must say it lifted my spirits to have kurt serve me . he was an outstanding example of kind respectful and delightful customer service . i have noted that and will be going back here every time i fly through phoenix . thanks for having such great customer service ! you rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 5.99 early bird breakfast special baby ! got there right when they opened and got to meet tom , the owner . specials come with 3 eggs , 2 slices of buttered toast , home fries and bacon or sausage or ham ( coffee not included ) . hubby thought the sausages were salty and i thought they were a little dry . the bacon was smoky with edges slightly crisp : this is how my son likes it , i prefer it more crispy . eggs were cooked perfectly , home fries were better this time around . got ta add extra points for having orange marmalade for the toast . coffee is colombian , very mild . tom was a doll , attentive and sociable and even wrapped up my leftovers himself . decent breakfast for the price . tom recommends their burgers , will be back to try them out . 3.5 rating bumped up to 4 for excellent service , i guess i got the wrong server last time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very happy to see this place open . we came for breakfast on a saturday morning . fantastic prices , huge portions , and great tasting food ! my `` megas '' eggs benedict with spinach and feta was incredible . the 3 eggs were perfectly poached and the hollandaise sauce was n't too rich . the waffles and crepes were both excellent . lots of fruit and fresh whipped cream . it was n't very busy when we got there at 9 am , but it was getting busier by the time we left . this location is cursed for restaurants . we have seen so many places come and go . i really hope this one stays longer than all the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i enjoyed great breakfast , large portions . bottomless cup of coffee . super friendly staff . busy , but a great buzz of families enjoying reasonably priced grub . congrats !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really nice place for breakfast . staff are friendly ... place is clean and portions are generous . great breakfast place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally happy to have found a yummy brunch place close to home ! not lots of parking available in the lot but the restaurant itself was very spacious and clean ! the staff are very accommodating and diligent to ensure your coffee cup is never empty . we both ordered bennys ( one with peameal bacon and the other with smoked salmon ) was able to substitute potatoes for fruit . prices were very reasonable and love that it is close to home . a lot of variety available- excited to try other dishes off the menu next visit . food was fresh and served to us in reasonable time . definitely on our list now of regular places to eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , and super delicious breakfast . we had the early breakfast special and the montreal bene . the potatoes were absolutely perfect crunchy and tasty . the server , she was really great . definitely going back for another breakfast , or maybe lunch ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tasting breakfast brunch and generous portions . at our table we had poached eggs and back bacon , smoked salmon eggs benedict and pancakes . all the dishes were high quality . good hot coffee . yum ! i hope this diner stays for longer than the other well-meaning establishments that have come and gone in this location . plenty of free parking !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i chose this place as others on yelp said it was a good place to get breakfast . as a bonus , it was really close to the ontario science museum , where we wanted to go that day . what a great place to start the day with some good breakfast . i think our family ordered a bunch of stuff like pancake , poutine , eggs , sausage and bacon etc . the usual stuff and it all came out the way it should . everything tasted fine and that 's what you want sometimes.. just your normal run of the mill breakfast . nothing crazy or all crazy stuff that some people try to hard to make it `` special '' . they do have their specials if you want too . the people there are really nice and friendly . we were traveling and they made us feel welcomed in their restaurant . good luck to our waitress , i think her name was sandy . it was her first day and we think she did a great job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have now been there for lunch and breakfast . what a great addition to the area . the food is great , service is even better . eggs benedict is the best around town . make sure you bring your appetite . this will be a frequent stop for us . may sure you try it and spread the word . these people deserve to be very successful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great breakfast spot . been a few times , lots of options . homefries were on point , crispy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great value for money ! they have a very extensive menu with ao many delicious breakfast options from eggs , to bennies to waffles and pancakes and burgers and other lunch options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing from start to finish ! ! even the coffee was delicious ! we had the porky poutine , the pulled pork eggs benedict and a belgian waffle . all were exceptionally good and the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good place for a bite to eat . i stopped in around 1:30 and found a good few tables filled . i ordered the hamburger with the home fries . it was a large burger - appeared to be home made ( my preference ) , fresh bun , and all the trimmings . very tasty . my only disappointment was the coffee . it was hot , just not rich and tasty . odd for a place that touts breakfasts . another patron came in shortly after me and took a table close by . they ordered from the breakfast menu and it looked delicious - a must try for my next visit . the waitress was prompt and knew her stuff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service and food here is 10 10 ! we came here with a big group and all we can say is wow ! the service was fast , attentive and efficient . the menu has a variety of choices from breakfast to lunch options . i tried the bad boy burger which was so juicy and delicious ! their onion rings are amazing too . we also tried their waffles , one of the best i 've ever tried . the price point is also very reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food . i ca n't wait to come back and try the items on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday was the second time we had breakfast here and it was again wonderful . i ordered a cheeseburger and onion rings before 9 am and the staff were not phased . i have to say that my 'breakfast ' was just what i wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the better vietnamese places in the west island ( definitely not the che lien kind ) . the food here is good , tasty and fresh . once again if you ca n't go to the hood this is a pretty good second choice . have been going her for over five years , family run business so food is always good . go ahead spoil yourself , you may just like the subtle flavors of the east .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another unfortunate lunch experience ! i just do n't understand how on earth could they continue to be in business ? i had the brochette of beef , which comes with an imperial roll and some salad . there was no flavour whatsoever in the beef , and tough ! i could have soled a shoe with it ! ! the fish sauce fell short as well their soup is also forgettable . the fried banana was the only edible thing we had . take note , do n't waste your money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was really not good - definitely not authentic . `` vietnamese coffee '' was horrible ( very bland - do n't believe it was made properly using the filter ) . the `` soup meal '' was so bad ... broccoli & cauliflower ? ? would definitely never go back - stay away ! would rather eat at tim hortons !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shit ! shit ! shit ! excuse my language . they try to serve you whatever crap they call food and have you pay a crazy amount of money for it . everything changed when they bought the place from the original owners . if you 're craving some americanize vietnamese food and you 're in the west island , you might want to try something else ! heck ! you 're better of with some pizza from mory 's ! but i 've very recently heard that the owner is closing the restaurant . now that 's a great news !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here ! the staff was very knowledgeable about the services and products . kristin made me feel comfortable and relaxed during my treatments . i 'm looking forward to coming back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wendy is great to work with . she did permanent eyebrows for me and was so patient in identifying the `` just right '' color and shape and placement . i was a little nervous about doing something so irreversible , but have no regrets . from the initial consultation through the touch-up session , wendy was the consummate professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! great prices , great service , great results . three treatments in and i have almost no hair remaining ( laser hair removal on chin and sideburns ) . 10 10 i would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me ask you this , have you ever had breakfast , lunch and dinner at the same restaurant in the same day ? usually i stray away from reviews of places we 're all familiar with , but today i thought i would give the sonic some l-o-v-e . especially since , i ate at the same sonic three ( tres , 3 , iii ) times today . for breakfast i got the bistro sandwich with bacon , egg and cheese . i usually toss one of the buns and have it open faced . i do n't want to appear gluttonous . : p for lunch , a wacky pack with a hamburger , tots and a small iced tea . the prize was a plastic bug catcher . for dinner , i had a hot fudge sundae and tots . hey , i 've got ta go , i hear they have .99 root beer floats till midnight .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awful . food tastes bad and slushies taste like tap water . if you want sonic drive a couple extra miles to a different one because this is not sonic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband that wears hearing aids went to surprise me & bring home breakfast . he got out of the car & went to the patio . he push button & tried to order but could not hear the lady . he asked if the lady could come outside . since he was on the patio close to the door he did not think it would be any trouble . the lady said `` come back with someone that can hear '' . i am so angry . i will never go to sonic again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised at the number of bad reviews this location has ! i 've been to this same location for years and years as i live .1 mile away . i love to get the blackberry sweet tea ... i go early in the morning on my way to work and order the spicy jumbo popcorn chicken . i 'm glad they serve lunch at 6 am because i hate all things breakfast . i bring my doggies there and they give them milkbones ! how thoughtful ... anyways , the shakes are great too ! there 's real fruit in them ! sonic is an awesome place in general ... . with happy hour and all . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the longest wait times you will ever experience . do n't even attempt to go through the drive-through because you will spend at least 15 minutes waiting . there are plenty of other places nearby for me to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while my drink was delicious , i waited in the drive thru for at least 15 minutes when there was only one car ahead of me . i expected the car in front to have an order of 10 bags or so , but it appeared all they ordered were 2 drinks and a shake ! what can possibly take so long ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly staff . not sure why i continue to use the drive through . if there is a long line , it 's quicker to pull into a stall and order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like many others , the drinks are good , but i am reviewing the drinks . i drove through to get a few grilled chicken sandwiches for my husband & i . we also substituted onion rings for fries . they were the greasiest onion rings in town ! all i have to say is that everything was horrible , horrible , horrible ! ! ! the chicken was disgusting ... 100 % inedible ! it looked nasty , and tasted worse , like a rubber chicken ! we get amazing grilled chicken sandwiches at wendy 's , and after this , i will never again mess with perfection ! oh , and as everyone else already said , the drive thru is ridiculous ! i actually called them & sent my husband back to get our money back . i will have to say that they kindly agreed ! ; )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just went here to get a shake and waited like 15 minutes in the drive thru . they messed up my order by putting hot fudge so when i got my shake it was like nuke warm . this was a horrible disappointment ! ! ! will never be going to this one again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great location and fast friendly service . especially the manager melissa she is very professional and nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saturday i ordered a cheeseburger , 2pc poppers and onion rings.. not only did i wait 10 minutes the fried food were as hard as rocks , and i was given a double cheeseburger and charged for a double cheeseburger and large poppers . very unhappy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible ! the food tasted so awful , i think their fryer oil must be old or something ? i did n't think you could mess up tater tots . who knew ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent food with a decent staff and wait time . pretty consistent order accuracy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not sure if these guys are dishonest or extremely unorganized but either way if you use them be sure to get a written estimate with all costs and work to be done clearly explained . i hired them to go to the lake to diagnose an issues with my boats generator and spoke to dana the owner . i was told that it would be 250.00 to go to the lake to diagnose the problem , after the trip was made in was sent an invoice for over 400.00 after much aggravation they finally agreed to only bill me the quoted 250.00 , and o paid , these guys will never see me again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these folks are organized and on the ball . they communicate well and take time to explain repairs fully . my outboard 's check engine light was on and they took care of it . parts were going to take a while and the shop was backed up , but they were honest about it , and that means a lot to me . back on the lake now and all is well . i plan to have them do my annual service and will turn to them with any other boat issues i have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 1993 searay in for a basic motor tune-up . they also discovered a few very small issues , some i had them take care of and some i passed on . i really ca n't complain about much . the service was solid . the work was excellent . the price was fair . i was n't in a hurry , but it was an almost 3 week turnaround ... a 2 week wait at the shop , then 3-4 days doing the work communicating with me on what to do . i have seen many horror stories of people waiting months on their boat in a shop , so i was pleased . if i had one ( minor ) complaint : i know it rained pretty good for a day or two while it was there ... almost certainly uncovered . it might be asking a lot , would be nice if they had generic boat covers or covered parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very knowledgeable staff that can repair just about anything on your boat . they are fairly priced and do an excellent job . very friendly staff and owner . fiberglass work and engine repair are two of their specialties , although they can do any other job you might need . i recommend them highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i sustained hull damage during a monsoon and brought my boat into dana for an estimate . dana explained the whole process to me and also informed me that based on the value of the boat and estimated repairs , he suspected this boat would come back as a salvage . what made dana 's service exceptional was that he handled the entire process with my insurance company in helping me get a settlement . he was honest the entire time and kept me informed about the process . i have no issues recommending him as a place to have your boat repaired or for an estimate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i bought a new boat from bodnar boat works a few years ago and have had my boat serviced there for 8 years thus far . i always feel like i am getting great service and an honest opinion . i have taken it to a few other places for second opinions and bodnar boat works always has the best quote with the minimal service possible . my husband ca n't take the boat over during business hours ; therefore , for being a female i feel comfortable going there by myself and knowing the service that will be provided will be of the utmost professional and quality for the greater phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i moved to arizona , i had to find a new dentist ! the only reason why i visited this place ? because it was very close to home . i was really impressed with this place . compare to other dentist i used in california , it 's no contest ! i was really amazed at the advancement of technology , and every one is really nice . starting this new year i will also enroll my wife and daughter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hammond dental care team is the best of the best . dr. hammond has the latest technology and still is honest about only doing what is necessary and will work with his patients . stephanie runs the front office and her knowledge , and willingness to be helpful is paramount in the dental industry . the staff caters to `` chickens '' and will go out of their way to make experience pleasant . yes , i am `` queen chicken '' and have been with this dental office since moving here 6 years ago . i researched many other dentists in surprise , and was so glad when i found hammond dental care . thank you dr. hammond !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr hammond is the most caring dentist i have met ! when we first moved to arizona we kept our dentist in california because i was afraid to make a change but once i met dr hammond ( dentist ) the change was made immediately ! he is very gentle and listens carefully to your problems , offers choices and does as you wish . i have had two teeth polled in his office and both times it ended up as good experiences under the circumstances . his friend office help is amazing and get you in immediately when there is an emergency", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. hammond is professional and friendly . stephanie is great to work with . they have a great office . if you need a great dentist , go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a prospective patient i inquired if they accepted my insurance , which they replied they did . after a routine exam and clean , i was shocked to receive a large invoice . all previous exams and cleaning have always been 100 % covered by insurance . turns out my insurance states they are out of network . in all my 4 decades of medical dental , a first for me . perhaps they do n't believe they should be forthcoming as previous communications have fallen on deaf ears . buyer beware , call your insurance carrier and make sure you are not being duped .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lunch here is good in taste and prices . dinner menu has a wide selection . the restaurant also takes private made-to-ordered dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ming 's is another hk caf\u00e9 , that serves good hk style food for it 's price . i usually come here if blue ocean caf\u00e9 is full since it 's right next door . not much to mention here since the menu is similar to most hk caf\u00e9 except for their lemongrass pork chop rice ( pretty much the only thing i get here ) . i am surprised at the quality of this dish , the pork chop is fried to until golden brown with a crispy crust , it is consistently tender and juicy , served with vietnamese fish sauce . i can honestly say hands down it beats out many vietnamese restaurants in the area serving the same dish . their cold lemon is pretty good but not the best . tip : they give out free `` sing tao '' newspaper when you order a meal there . just ask them about it ! one thing i did notice is one our orders is always late or forgotten , on many occasions everyone would finish their meal before the my order arrives .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is really 3.5 stars . this is a hk style cafe that has a traditional-hk-style-cafe decoration , as opposed to contemporary new age . i have grown to like this decoration style ; it is homey and unpretentious . i ordered a stirred fried noodle ( $ 7 ) for lunch . it tasted decent okay not bad . in short , it wo n't wow you but you wo n't hate it for sure . but the portion will wow you . hugh portion - 2 meals in 1 , or 2 ladies can share 1 order , or 1 guy can get really full . the services was super friendly and efficient . the waitresses actually smiled there . +0.5 star for enthusiastic service attitude .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got here at around 11:45am and missed the morning specials but everything here is pretty reasonably priced so not much difference anyway . instant noodle with satay beef and scrambled egg sandwich $ 6.50 - good amount of beef which was soft and tender . the egg sandwich was a bit dry . usually its dripping in butter but its almost like they forgot to put butter in this one . still tasted good though . smoked salmon toast with fusilli in vegetable soup $ 5.99 - pretty average dish . the smoked salmon tasted okay but they litterally just threw it on the plate with the toast . looked weird like the plate was incomplete . curry beef brisket with rice $ 8.50 - tasted okay and the beef was pretty soft and tender . all meals came with milk tea . good for cheap , fast meals", "score": "3"}
{"review": "atmosphere is your typical hk caf\u00e9 , but i must say the food 's pretty good here . i usually get the baked tomato pork chop rice or the curry rice spaghetti . reasonably priced and service is pretty decent . definitely recommended to those who want a quick and decent bite for a good price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . what a place for a us based hong kong chinese . food is excellent , just like i was in \u65fa\u89d2 . it a must if you have been starving for authentic\u8336\u9910\u5ef3food.too bad i wolfed down my \u725b\u8169\u6e6f\u53ef already so ca n't show you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ming 's restaurant is another hong kong style cafe in the chinese plaza at kennedy and hwy 7 . good thing about it is open at 7 am for breakfast 7 days a week ! ok who 's in their right mind will be up at 7 am on weekends if one does n't need to work ? i do n't know.. : p breakfast starts at $ 2.50 with a sandwich and a drink.. which is a-ok for me ! nothing great but nothing bad , that 's how we like our cheap quick breakfasts to be.. and i able even pick up the bill and treat my friend ! cash only !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ! 4 for their friendly service , 3 for their food . everything is reasonably priced and portioned . food tasted pretty good though not spectacular . i ordered take out today . we had the hk style baked pork chop rice and baked meat sauce spaghetti . they were far from gourmet but brought back childhood memories . a set lunch also came with soup and a drink for under $ 20 including tax . most hk style restaurants are not the best in service , but not this one . i 've had nothing but praise for them each time i visited . today i decided to ask how the pork chop was fried- is it battered ? the lady who took my order became giddy and asked a more senior staff to come on the phone to answer my question . will definitely come again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all the restaurant are full in this plaza but not this one . so why not give it a try . service is very quick . the food a pretty good but nothing really excite me . i do n't mind coming here again but it would n't be my first choice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great restaurant ! this is my go to chinese place ! i love the new decoration and the service is amazing ! the price is definitely worth it considering the large portion of food they provide ! the owner is really nice : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here a lot for hk cafe style combos and we also do group dinner ( size ~10 , should book in advance and they will always accommodate ) . i find they make a more effort to prep the food than the average hk style restaurant . they also have tvs broadcasting fairchild . their staff is friendly and courteous . they can do unique dishes for group dinner if you book in advance . go to place usually when i pickup my wife from the go station and wait out the traffic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "inexpensive and quick service . the baked fish on rice with portuguese sauce was great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly staff and large portions . this place is inexpensive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i come here quite often . the food is pretty good , and the portions are generous and filling . the service is really prompt and friendly as well ! one of my favourite 'cha chang tangs ' around !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came for breakfast this morning . had the steak , eggs , sausage and hash brown . food was ok , not too keen on the gravy , not much flavour , thick and not hot . came with a hot drink and was only $ 5.99 . not many customers here but i think i prefer new city over here . you can get a free chinese newspaper with your breakfast , if you can read it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come to this restaurant everytime we are in the area . the food is delicious ( hk cafe style ) , service is good and so are the prices . i like how their daily soups are n't loaded with msg .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "\u7b2c\u4e8c\u6b21\u5149\u9867\uff0c\u4e0a\u6b21\u662f\u65e9\u9910\u9019\u6b21\u662f\u5348\u9910\u3002\u56e0\u70ba\u6700\u8fd1\u60f3\u5403\u9ede\u5c11\u5403\u7684\u6771\u897f\uff0c\u6240\u4ee5\u9ede\u4e86\u5409\u5217\u8c6c\u6392\u62fc\u96d9\u86cb\u5957\u9910\u3002\u9019\u88e1\u7684\u8a2d\u8a08\u8ddf\u9999\u6e2f\u7684\u4e0d\u540c\uff0c\u4ed6\u5011\u7684\u5348\u9910\u4e0d\u4f46\u9644\u9001\u6e6f\uff0c\u9084\u6709\u71b1\u98f2\u3002\u7576\u6211\u9ede\u7684\u9910\u9001\u5230\u6211\u9762\u524d\u7684\u6642\u5019\uff0c\u6211\u88ab\u8c6c\u6392\u7684\u4efd\u91cf\u5687\u5230\u4e86\uff01\u771f\u7684\u8d85\u7d1a\u5927\u4efd\uff0c\u800c\u4e14\u70b8\u7c89\u4e5f\u4e0d\u539a\uff0c\u8089\u8cea\u4e5f\u9b06\u5316\uff0c\u6240\u4ee5\u53ef\u4ee5\u8aaa\u662f\u8d85\u7d1a\u62b5\u98dfw \u53e6\u5916\u8981\u8aaa\u7684\u662f\u56e0\u70ba\u8336\u9910\u5ef3\u559c\u6b61\u5427\u8377\u5305\u86cb\u716e\u5230\u534a\u751f\u719f\u5c31\u9001\u4e0a\u684c\u9762\uff0c\u6240\u4ee5\u5047\u5982\u4e0d\u559c\u6b61\u6216\u662f\u4ecb\u610f\u5403\u751f\u96de\u86cb\u7684\u8a71\u9ede\u83dc\u7684\u6642\u5019\u53ef\u4ee5\u8ddf\u670d\u52d9\u54e1\u8aaa\u4e00\u4e0b\u8981\u719f\u8377\u5305\u86cb\u3002", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in the peachtree plaza at kennedy road and highway 7 , ming 's is among many other restaurant 's competing for food turf ! coming here just after 9:30 this place is bustling with early birds taking advantage of their breakfast set specials called 'mings super breakfast ' . though this place is n't the fanciest , people come here for their food which is reasonably priced . being hungry in the morning , i decided to try their steak and eggs which is served with hash brown and sausage . portion-wise and for the cost , it 's definitely worth it . in addition all set meals ( usually , unless specified ) come with their hot milk tea ( aka hk tea ) . as an fyi they only serve cash here . aside from breakfast they have a lot of food options in their set menu section ranging from $ 7 and up , which is very affordable . overall great place ! i 'll be sure to stop off sometime for dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i usually come here for afternoon tea . my family and i come here before or after groceries since it 's close to foody mart supermarket . it usually gets busy and full by 3:00 ; i recommend coming exactly at 2 or 2:10 if you want to grab a booth . i 've noticed that if you order a slightly bigger dish like `` stir-fried black pepper beef spaghetti '' they will assume that you wo n't be sharing and provide only one fork and spoon . but asking for small bowls and utensils are easy and the staff are friendly . i 've also noticed when there are a lot orders the smoke that comes from the kitchen is quite strong and since the place is n't too big , the odors spread and absorb into your clothes . i suggest if you 're not a big fan of the greasy cooking fumes do n't go when it 's peak hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "free wifi ! 9053050770 . great and friendly service . get the specialty puff pastry soup combo . orgasmic garlic bread ! ! they 're not as cheap as your average chinese hong kong style cafe but the few extra dollars you pay is so worth it ! ! all of their pork chop rice dishes are to die for they have daily specials from 1130am-10pm and afternoon tea sets from 2pm-6pm , lunch specials from 1130am-6pm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast . good food and cheap . ordered the congee with preserved egg & salted meat with bean sprout chow mien , comes with cofee or hk tea , only $ 5.99 . also had beef brisket tuce noodle soup with hk tea at $ 6.50 . both are really good . i like the way beef brisket were made , very tasty and soft . lots of chouces for lunch and dinner menu . will come back and try it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ming 's restaurant is a hk cafe similar to new city restaurant , phoenix restaurant , richmond court , etc . today i had the gui lin vermicelli in soup for $ 6.99 . it 's an all day chef 's special and comes with a drink ( i got hot lemon tea ) . it was pretty good . the rice noodles were a bit on the soft side though . overall i enjoyed this place and will come back to try other dishes . lots of items on the menus . staff was very friendly chatting with patrons , free wifi , good location with decent parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are a lot of this type of restaurant in this plaza . comparing the others to ming 's , it is quite a disappointment . i come to this restaurant for tea time at least once a week that is until last month . i got the instant noodle with beef and a cold lemon tea . i believe she is the owner of the place had the usual poor customer service and the food quality started to go downhill . their food menu has been the same since they have opened . this is a restaurant that does not follow the trend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had to take my previous rating down a notch after dinning here this evening . had the the thursday night special , the ny strip dinner . for $ 10.95 it 's a steal if you like your steak medium rare . it comes with a baked potato , canned green beans and a side salad . unfortunately i like my steak well done with no pink in the middle . pink in the middle , to me , just seems like chomping on uncooked flesh and it just grosses me out . i thought that 's why it took so long to come out of the kitchen but after 40 minutes from placing the order , the steak was mostly red in the middle . i tried to be kind and eat as much as i could but half way through i just could n't do it any more . memo to self : grill your steaks at home and get the chicken when ordering out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "portions are large , prices are low . i had to wait a bit before being seated but it was a slow time . try the `` chicken and peppers '' appetizer , great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loooove this place . i am there pretty much every week-day for lunch . lunch specials are good . soup of the day is always good . i have had pretty much everything on the menu and not one bad meal ! i love the owner nancy . she has an extremely nice and outgoing personality yet you know she cares very much about the quality of service and food . the waitress bartenders that are there on a normal basis are all friendly . 5 out of 5 for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "total hidden gem here , people . cheap drinks . good bar food . and weekly live music . we 've had a group of four eat and drink there all night for under $ 50 . all night . and there 's no skimping on the drinks . ignore what you think you know about the area and give it a try ( especially if todd jones or the good guys are playing there on a friday night ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is really bad . we waited an hour for our food , and when checked with our waitress she said she has no idea what 's going on . the manager came and apologized for the wait time , he said he will rush our order , which means our food is not cooked during the 1 hour wait , and our waitress did not even noticed . after the manager came we waited another 20 mins for the food . wo n't come again and definitely would not recommend this restaurant . ps . the restaurant is not busy during that time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday during the jay 's game and it was fairly empty in terms of customers but overcrowded in terms of employees on shift . we walked into the dining area and no one came to us to seat us for 10 minutes while there were a good 20 people standing around doing nothing . the menu was small in terms of food but the patio was mainly for people looking for an afternoon drink . prices were fairly high for what there offering , but it 's again the location and proximity to the acc that makes this place seemingly attractive . the salad was okay but in weirdly large chunks . the games were new and fairly fun but really messy in the way it 's set up , it 's a lot smaller than d & b playrium and they probably could have opened up the space more because the narrow walkways were a bit claustrophobic after everyone came in from the games . nice location , nice atmosphere , nice idea but lacklustre in service , food and execution . it 's still new though so hopefully they 'll make some changes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "-expensive alcohol -game room is much smaller than expected ... compared to dave and busters -mostly dining area with big tv 's -food is priced like toronto but it took an hour to get our food and i would recommend you check to make sure you get what you ordered -have ping pong and pool tables -have patio", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst place , horrible unwelcoming and inappropriate encounter with security named mike , insinuating we were drunk when we were not . our party was 4 mature adults and he questioned what we were going to do and made inappropriate statements that the restaurant was formal when everyone sitting at the restaurant was completely casual . hostess infront of the resto directed us back to the front . we just walked out , this place is a complete bs establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "insanely bad customer service . reservation was made in person and confirmed by hostess and was not made . there was not even a courtesy phone call to follow up until i called them and they did do anything to fix the situation . extremely disappointed in the lack of professionalism .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "arcade is good , a fun , well ventilated and clean place . restaurant takes forever to bring out the food . the place is swarming with staff members including waitresses and waiters but it took almost 50 minutes to get our food ! ! if you or your kids guests are hungry - beware !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the arcade is cool , and the ticket machines are even better . way better than playdium , cineplex arcades , or even dave & busters . that being said , the food is also delicious ( but way too expensive to make this a regular visit ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ambience vibe is amazing and its located right next to roger 's center which makes is an awesome place to go before after a game . the ceilings are super high and give off a very airy spacious feeling . the bar area is quite nice as well ( with huge tv 's ) and was playing wimbledon highlights , which was awesome in my books . service was very attentive as well , and we got our food and drinks very promptly . food ... ... the onion soup was really nice but the burger was pure grease ( and black grease too ) . do n't get it if you go . also , do n't bring any water bottles as the security guards make you poor it out before you go in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food but took over an hour for it to come . the manager said the order took 32 mins to complete but it was close to an hour . then she admitted a mistake one one of the kids orders added a few mins but would not accept the fact that we had been waiting for close to an hour . the evidence was a photo we took at our table by one of the waiters that showed we had been waiting for an hour . would give zero stars for dishonesty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was not very good , which just goes to show how looks can be deceiving . probably wo n't go back here for food again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to toronto on a trip and spent 3 of my days in here . the games were super interesting and the staff was nice , the prize selection was nice and the food was alright . only had time to try the poutine and the rest of the food is kind of pricey indeed , but the poutine was tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . wonderful staff . delicious food . happy to happen upon this place ! new place - still working out some kinks but they were so accommodating and polite during the process . wonderful ! games looked fun but all we did was eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nothing especially new in regards to the menu . just typical north american bar food but done very well . the burger and salad ingredients were fresh , fish and chips were tasty and the salmon salad was well done . restaurant ambiance was pretty cool . this place is huge and they did a great job making everything look interesting . very nice attention to detail . the gaming area was a lot of fun as well . food prices were a bit high but all-in all , a fun experience in a very touristy part of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "poor customer service if you 're looking to sit down to eat and drink . ordered 2 beers which came 30 mins late and 1 did n't even come until we asked the waitress . worse part is that we ordered calamari but did n't come for an hour . the waitress kept apologizing saying the food is ready but there is n't anyone to bring it out . complained to the manager but still no action so we cancelled the order to get poutine from another food station . the calamari still came but 1 hour late and cold . we were starving ! poutine was expensive and so were the drinks . the gaming area is too small as it was packed and hard to move around , having to wait in line to play . it 's a cool place with a good concept and great location but unfortunately very disorganized . i am very hesitant to return until management improves the service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "long lines but overall love the vibe . you can go there to eat , drink , play , whatever . each area seems to have its own feel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rather mediocre and way overpriced for the quality of the food . we ordered drinks and the quantity was laughable . not a good value . wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great location and concept . the view is fantastic and the patio is perfect for drinks with friends or coworkers . food is overpriced and not worthwhile . do not get the caesar wedge salad . i wish gordon ramsey could review it . the worst salad i 've ever seen in my life . they should be ashamed to serve such a thing . other than that , the staff was friendly and i love the idea . they should work on the food though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here with family a few days after opening . lots of bet courteous staff to get you acquainted with the place . video games , food , cold beer in the patio ! very close to the rogers centre right in roundhouse park downtown . the food was really good . this was a fantastic experience on a warm summer day watching the fans go in for a jays game . hopefully the quality continues after a few months in business . it 's easy to compare this place to dave and busters it the big difference is that this place is classy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lionel was our server . great food , great service . highly recommend the olive appetizer . burger was tremendous too . kids 8 , 10 & 12 loved the games .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looked at my bill from last night and all i saw was $ $ $ $ $ . i did n't care much for the arcade games . most of them were cheesy . it would have been nice to play some street fighter , but they did n't have that or any fighting games . the most fun i had was shooting hoops on the basketball nets . the formula one race car game is overated . its really difficult to play and uses up 20 credits . they try to upsell you on the game credits when u get in.the drinks were pricey , french fries sucked , and my double patty burger was just arite . i hate places like this that serve ketchup in those little dipping saucers . all in all , it did get packed later in the evening and there were lots of cute girls . ..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "large venue with separate areas for food , bar , games and shuffleboard . i came here on a thursday and friday night , and it gets significantly busier on the friday night . the layout of the games area does not allow for much movement during crazier times ( like friday night ) , but when less crowded it was very easy to find our way around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely disorganized food service . expect groups greater than 4 to have slow and incorrect orders processed . they need another month of training . food is mediocre and better at the cineplex vip theatre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "features a game area , a large restaurant inside with a modest sized patio in the courtyard where the old locomotive train is at roundhouse park . food was generic - typical western food with a limited menu serving outside ( pics attached for reference ) . i had the chicken caesar sandwich with fries . the food was average however its something i 'd go back craving . drinks are a little more on the pricier side with local draft beers around the $ 9 mark . the ambiance is just right for a casual setting and there are large benches which makes it easy to accommodate groups . games are all new and feature large digital screens although the game area is n't as big as i thought it would be ( playdium in mississauga is way bigger ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place was busy but fast . the ribs were perfect as was the pork chop . however the calamari was disappointing as it seemed lime it was batter with sauce . will come here again to try the the steak .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid this place after a game or on weekend nights..pretty much impossible to find a game to place as there are lines for everything . i like the concept of this place and the prices for the games seem fair but the game area was smaller than i thought and a lot of the games were out of service . the food was n't bad but it of course was overpriced . it 's a cool place to visit once or twice but i 'm not dying to return here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is pretty fun ! ! dave and busters canada version . today it 's their third day since opening . i came yesterday . a staff gave me a tour . excellent service ! but i did n't get to play . came back again with my kids today . another staff ian gave us more information on this place and showed me to the phone charging station . excellent professional service ! ! you can also come here for dining , drinking , playing at the arcade all in one place . they have good looking healthy food on the screen menu and some bar foods . game is for all ages from the violent shooting games for adults to pec man and candy crush for kids . pretty fun for a family night . my family plays a lot of outdoor sports but once in a blue moon when on vacation , we let the kids play video games ( not at home ) but with them in an arcade like this . it 's alternative family time ; ) and this place is pretty modern and fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing new spot ! lots of fun games , the food looks great ( although we did n't try them ) , staff all seem friendly , it 's the dave and busters of downtown toronto , we finally have one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reviewing the food since i did n't play games ( although they did seem pricey ) ... ordered : - a brie dip - literally thin layer of cheese swimming in jam ( perhaps caramelized onions ? would not recommend ) - some sort of margarita which sounded good in the description but really just tasted like a mojito pros : the atmosphere is cool , large screens , old converted warehouse - hello aesthetics", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've searched across the whole of edinburgh looking for a good chinese take away for years now , and this is the best that i 've found for that 'classic ' eastern taste . the kung po chicken , honey chili ribs and other regular dishes never fail to delight . edit : in case anyone is wondering , my location is ny but i 'm originally from edinburgh ( born and bred ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slow ass service in here , like really really slow . i actually started reading the menu i got so bored . all i wanted was some mixed veg noodles . when i got the `` food '' home i was brutally disappointed . the veg tasted frozen and the noodles were pure mush . only go if nowhere else is open .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as far as chinese restaurants go in edinburgh , look no further . they have some of the best items in town . the only reason that i give them three stars is because they have an over saturated menu . they have several really good items , but those are surround by even more bad ones , so if you are not in the know , you may end up having a bad experience . that being said , i could never get enough of the honey chili chicken . there is also no seating , so it is only take-out and delivery . but that was never a problem for me as i lived in the area and would always just drop into pick it up on the way home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staying with family who ordered take out from this chinese as we were guests . should have checked yelp and trusted the reports on this take away as i agree this place is not great . i had the cantonese sweet and sour prawns , not good . the special fried rice was stodgy and tasteless . the chicken chow mien was grey in colour and grey in taste if u get my drift . the spring roll was a good size but the prawns in it were shrivelled and tasted rubbery . all in all this chinese is not a cheap take out with food that is disappointing . xoxo", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst chinese takeaway in edinburgh . i went there once with a few friends , big mistake . the people seemed all right , and the food did n't take too long to come . it was apparent why when we got back home . all our food was undercooked , the beef ( and i 'm being generous calling it that ) in particular . consequently all of us spent the rest of the night in the bathroom , involuntarily ejecting any last remnant of that godawful food , and whatever else was in our stomach at the same time . save yourself an evening of misery , pain and bodily eruptions and stay well clear of this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to jade palace less than a month ago after an evening at the pub and the service is actually pleasant and fast . it 's a really popular chinese takeaway on dalkeith road which gets loads of service from the locals so it must be doing something right . the menu has a good selection of the usual dishes and , in particular , a great range of szechuan dishes which are all spicy and delicious . i went for the chicken szechuan with special fried rice and a bag of prawn crackers which cost around \u00a37 . it took less than ten minutes to arrived and tasted great . the chillies must have been as fesh as they come because the sauce for the chicken just about blew my head off , yet was still delicious . i 'd certainly come here again as it 's a great place to come for a quick , tasty meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did not like this takeaway at all , first impressions were quite good , however we found staff to be unattentive and quite rude . also , the food was awful , i 'd have enjoyed better from a packet - add water concoction or uncle ben 's ! ! ! ! would not recommend at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "review is based on quality of service just by dropping a payment off . easy to find . we did find parking immediately . walk in quick check of purse . go through metal detector . get in line which was not long at all . all windows open . length of time in line was about less than 10 minutes . they only take cash or check . come prepared and you will be taken care of quickly . walk out and you are done . that was my experience . hopefully it goes well with anyone else that has to visit . oh and do not forget receipt for your records . for the end of the month this was not bad . much quicker and safer than your last minute online payment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst place to try to call and get help with online issues . i have been calling for 2 days now and i am on hold for over 20 minutes then the call just drops ! ! ! ! ! it 's so frustrating ! ! why can i not get through to talk to a live person ? ugh !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even though the nice lady at the mesa office told me `` not to worry '' ; i knew better . no - my account was not corrected 7 days after nice lady said it would be . so i got someone on the phone in the collections department . that was last thursday . nice lady from collections said she and her supervisor would send a message to `` licensing '' and it would be taken care of . nlfc also said she 'd call me this week to give me an update . so today - a week after first speaking with nlfc - we spoke again . she checked her computer ... ..and ... ... nothing . she had not received a reply from licensing . she did n't sound surprised . i sure was n't . nlfc says she 'll send another message to them today , and call me again next week . i do n't know how anyone can stand to work at this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited 50 minutes just to get a live person on the phone which is an absolute disgrace . once i was finally able to talk to someone , they basically informed me that the information i was given previously was incorrect and as a result i 'm now having to pay a penalty and interest on an issue i called about 2 months ago . what a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff are friendly and helpful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a state agency . i have worked for 4 agencies and this is one of the best . caring and compassionate management and friendly coworkers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by during the final browns game . i was disappointed that they do n't have a sunday liquor license . it was a forgettable experience . the menu offered basic low end bar food . it 's the type of bar you would visit to sit undisturbed drowning your sorrows for getting laid off , and finding out your wife has been an escort for the last six years . i honestly only stopped in because of the name .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped in last night for dinner with the husband , the place was decorated cute for the holiday . the service was super friendly , the menu and the food will keep me from returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they do not have food . i stopped by for lunch and was informed that they do n't have a kitchen but you can bring in food from neighboring places .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best dry cleaners around ! i have trusted the fox chapel dry cleaners with all my alteration needs and dry cleaning for years . the delivery service is top notch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for a long time , they 're friendly and have gotten stains out of stuff i had given up on ! they also take a lot of pride in doing it right , most of the customers i see are the same people that have been coming for years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely awful ! ! ! very overpriced . $ 21 per suit . 3 suits and jacket total of $ 95 . customer service is the worst . called to ask why charged so much and mistake made by employee blamed me . same service at don royal for $ 43 . do n't waste your time or money with this horrible establishment . the cleaning job was below average . would give no stars of possible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best dry cleaners i 've found in this city . everything i have taken in has been cleaned and pressed to perfection . whether it 's been something special ( designer ) or a hand-made quilt , they have taken such good care . nice friendly staff that always remembers you when you come in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware . took brand new pants for hemming and they made one leg almost one inch shorter . we stood there and measured the pant leg together to show the difference and they said ... .'well , i do n't know if that 's right ' . owner was yelling at me that he 's been in business for 30 years . horrible experience . i am filing a small claims suit on principle . do not go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` buyer beware ! ! ! this company has filed for chapter 11 . i lost over $ 400.00 when i used them for my hotel reservations at the monte carlo in las vegas . when i contacted them they said they were protected and would n't refund my money . do not use them. ! ! ! ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this website is a scam ! no good ! they offer you good prices in diffrent hotels but all they do is still your money . i booked my hotel with them and they did n't pay the hotel like they should 've . i ended paying again for a room . they should take this website out do not use this website they will take your money & wo n't refund it back ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company 's website is deceiving . make sure to check your itinerary . mine was different then what i did online . i figure this was a honest company , so i didnt double check . the reservation i made was different then the one they booked . they said they will not help , give money back or even a credit . i should have read the itinerary after clicking the dates . hope this helps .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good for something you are missing in the middle of a recipe . not very neat an tighty , but the owner looks like a nice guy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a pretty good location but there is n't a huge selection of anything . they do have good specials every time i 've come by , so i guess it 's a good place to stop to get essentials !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great and the owner is very friendly and polite . sometimes you need groceries on the go and do n't want to deal with the crazy line ups and service you get at the big box retailers . that 's why i come here to grab my milk , chips and lotto on occasion . the produce they carry is typically fresh and although the selection is limited , they always seem to have what you need . the owners are nice people and always have a little chat with you and remember your face when you come in . toronto needs more of these little shops around town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've shopped here since i was a kid , but only whenever i 'm in the area . plus side would be the interesting products i found here , bought brown rice vermicelli which i 've never seen before . also saw green algae taiwanese noodles and pumpkin taiwanese noodles , which i may come back to buy next time . would n't say the store is particularly clean , looks like your average chinese grocery store . cashier provided fast and good service . downside would be the expensive prices , some items they sell here are a dollar more than the regular price sold elsewhere , which is a lot when you are buying many all at once .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i come here to get my nails done all the time ! they do a really good job when you are having a mani and pedi ! the place is clean and the staff are friendly ! my manicurist may spends a lot of time shaping , cutting my cuticles and painting my nails . most places would rush the mani and pedi process or shape it weirdly without a care in the world resulting in ugly shaped and sloppy painted nails that you could 've done better at home ! very affordable pricing and worth every penny ! if you are in the area , check out this place hidden in the corner of the plaza . you wo n't regret it ! i just got my bio gel nails removed and a new gel nail colour painted on with ease and precision ! you do n't want inexperienced manicurist grinding down your nails with bio gel as they can strip your nail bed . may is so experienced she knows when to stop . i 'm extremely satisfied with my new spring inspired gel manicure ! coming back in a month to get another manicure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this place because a recommendation and made an appointment with calva , the best ever ! my nails are very natural and she is very perfectionist . i recommend her 100 % ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . i was looking for a new nail salon to take care of my manicure needs and i was not disappointed . the owner calva was exceptional . friendly , courteous and made me feel welcome and at home . customer orientation at its finest . the facilities were top notch in modernity and cleanliness . all in all a 5 star experience that i would recommend to colleagues and friends , which i already have . you owe yourself to give nail nail a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . professional staff , did an amazing job . i would love to go back but i found it way too over priced . $ 67 after tax for a bio-gel refill is a little much . but if you have the money to spend i have never been so satisfied with a manicure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , so they removed the $ 1800 charge . now , they sent me a bill that says that there are $ 3600 worth of insurance charges pending and that i owe them $ 60.00 personally . -- -- i have n't been to mayo in months . the billing department is seriously messed up . it 's really a shame . further update : 3-29-2012 . i keep getting bills of totally different amounts . when i pay the bills , i never seem to get credit for paying them . this is the billing twilight zone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have a friend who goes to the mayo clinic and after her positive reviews i called to schedule an appointment and verify that my insurance was accepted . i made the appointment and gave them my insurance information . i go to the appointment , give them my insurance information once again , and have a quick 10 minute visit with the doctor to establish me as a new patient . i was just trying to find a primary care physician in my area . i go to leave and there is no co pay due at the time . the next day i get a call saying that i owe over $ 600 for the visit since my insurance was out of network . i have never had the experience of going to a medical care provider where they did n't inform you of your financial obligation before getting care . worst customer service practice i 've ever encountered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do i really have to do a lengthy review of this mayo clinic ? ? ? this place is totally awesome , very well laid out , very organized , very clean , easy to find one 's way around and they have the best doctors and practices in the country ! their gift shop is most interesting ! you can find lots of gifts that are rare and the price is right ! this facility is in a beautiful area of scottsdale , almost makes you feel like you 're out in the beautiful oasis of arizona ! i wish that more insurance would cover services at the mayo clinic ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom has been at the mayo clinic for 5 days now . the chair of cardiothoracic surgery is her surgeon . each nurse that has tended to mom has been extremely friendly and informative . her cardiologist and surgeon from scottsdale memorial stopped by later in the week just to check up on mom and talk to us about her progression . thanks to nurse practitioner karey at mayo clinic . she normally works 2 days a week , and is going to be working for another 3 days this week . she requested overtime just so she could be here to care for mom . she has been phenomenal , just like the rest of the staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have medicare , do n't bother trying to get an appointment to see a doctor at mayo clinic . they no longer give appointments to those of us who have medicare ... even if we are former patients at mayo . i have tried on two separate occasions to make appointments with my doctors at mayo ... only to be given the `` runaround '' about why that was not possible . mayo should be ashamed of itself ... this is no way to treat a certain segment of our population .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this mayo clinic location about a dozen times sorry to say , but the services and the professionalism of the staff is great ! the beauty of the william mayo philosophy is to bring the various medical areas in to consult and diagnose what is wrong with the patient . keep in mind they do this all the while as being a nonprofit . wow ! though dr greg house from tv is fictitious , these folks are not . they are the best in their field and they take continuing education seriously . take a look at their office walls and you will see years of various classes and ce to keep them up in their fields . if you need to go to the hospital , this is the one i would want ! wow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the mayo campus in scottsdale is beautiful and you will feel more like you are at a resort than a clinic setting . considering the amount of patients that i assume pass through this clinic , i am very impressed with how organized they were with appointments and sending information to me . what i found very annoying was the fact that at least twice they made appointments for me with out even contacting me or asking if i was available etc . i found out i had the appointment when i got the `` reminder '' phone call the day before . the doctors and staff were very knowledgeable , professional , and friendly . my biggest disappointment was that so many tests were ordered for me that i began to feel that they were unnecessary and could n't help but think that they might be ordering as many tests as possible just to collect from the insurance company . i would also give them big kudos for providing written test results with interpretationsand photographs to me when everything was complete .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent facility . i have a family member that went to mayo to determine what has been causing them multiple injuries . we saw 7 doctors before our mayo adventure and none of the docs were helpful in the long run . at mayo , we started off in the consultative medicine area then visited pain management , neurology , physical therapy and rheumatology . this amazing doctor in rheumatology solved this medical mystery . amazing place and doctors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the organized , thorough , compassionate and cutting edge care at the mayo clinic saved my life . symptoms that our local medical professionals tried to identify were discussed by doctors of various disciplines at the mayo clinic . this collaboration was essential to my diagnosis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this location since nov. 2015 , i have several specialists ( yes , i see a whole team of them ) that reside in this building . the service and staff is always professional and friendly . i am so lucky to be treated here for my illness , plus my health insurance counts mayo as in-network . also i was not treated correctly before i got to the mayo clinic . if it was not for my specialist pushing for testing , i would be drooling now since the infection spread through out my body and got to my brain . i look forward to being 100 % me again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing clinic to go to with top notch physicians . this is not the hospital . the hospital is in phoenix . this is important information !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mayo turned out to be a nightmare for me . i wound up getting a scary doctor who was out of line . still creeped out over the pelvic exam . he was adamant that my issues were psychiatric . he wrote numerous things on my chart that were untrue , things that had no place being on my chart . i 've been disabled for 10 years , i know my body and i knew he was way off . when i complained to the patient liaison , nothing happened . found a new doctor elsewhere , she listened and she quickly discovered the 3 diagnoses he had missed . good thing she caught these in time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried to make an appointment for the person i take care of as he has been in such pain . yet i find that the world-renowned mayo clinic is apparently for the 1 % and those who can afford top notch insurance . they don ' t take medicare , which eliminates the elder population and the disabled almost entirely . even if they did , i was told that the neurology department is not open to new patients . how does this place maintain such a stellar reputation ? especially given the reviews here , i am probably lucky to be turned away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think that th he doctors here are exceptional . the timeliness from arrival for your appointment to getting treated is rapid and professional . the entire staff are courteous and helpful . they are experts in their fields and it shows . i say , go for the best when it comes to your families health . # vino2ultimate # vinosquared", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to lots of medical facilities in the last 7 months or so with my wife . we needed to bring her here for some answers . i can tell you this place is incredible . well worth the 400+ mile drive . they have treated my wife like a queen . she has a possibly rare type of dementia and she is only 52 . we absolutely love our dr. if you have a loved one that your doctors can not find out what is going on i highly recommend this place . good luck to all of you second trip out here . i am still in awe of this top notch facility . everyone on the staff from the schedulers to the nurses pa 's and dr 's are great . if you have a loved one that has a rare condition please bring them here it is well worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been struggling with eye problems for almost 50 years . have been monitored for a cornea transplant for almost 10 years . i moved to phx about 2 years ago and was fortunate to find the mayo clinic , and dr. shen . dr. shen and her incredible team have exceeded every expectation imagined . when it 's time for my appointment , i go in , no long waits . her attention to answering questions , explaining her concerns , and working with other specialists has been comforting . i am 2 months post op on the transplant , and could not be more pleased on the care i have received . thanks to dr. shen and her team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the current ads for mayo clinic as caring , concerned amazing cancer facility could not be further from the truth . i had skin cancer - diagnosed and operated on by physicians at mayo . i am happy with the surgeon and with the first dermatologist i had but since then i 've been incredibly disappointed in their lack of follow-up and concern for a cancer patient by failing to establish standing orders and then being unable to schedule a visit in a timely fashion for a patient who is greatly concerned about missing too much time between body scans . how do let a cancer patient `` slip through your fingers '' and how do you not work `` around the system '' so you can accommodate an appointment . caring ? concerned ? me thinks not ... we are numbers ( a clinic number is how they identify us ) and we are insurance payments . scared in scottsdale", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can i say but wow . what a difference in the way i was treated . my cm dr. was excellent . he actually took time to listen and review my concerns and i did n't feel like i was being shooed off , or judged . he took the time to do a thorough examination and was n't quick to diagnose but rather said we need to look at all items and issues and make a educated diagnosis , because the overall goal is to make me feel better . i am cery pleased and it is a breath of fresh air to feel that human connection with a physician . i reccomend to anyone seeking care and answers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars and more for the mayo clinic in scottsdale az . it seems that most people who live here do n't realize the benefits of having the mayo clinic in our back yard ! the care of the doctor and hospital is superior and i and considering myself lucky having the best care in the world . whatever you do check with the mayo clinic 1st .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i went for a wellness visit and they charged me over $ 1000 i asked them to do the things covered in a wellness visit , but i believe it is too much for them to understand . i wonder how they can understand and evaluate a patient if they can not understand a simple english ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i switched to this hospital after receiving horrible service from md anderson in gilbert . i absolutely love my new physician dr. northfelt . wait times are always minimal here even when i am late for an appointment . i travel over an hour to get to the scottsdale facility every month for my medical treatments ( cancer ) and it is totally worth it . i feel that my opinion matters in regards to my medical issues and the staff is always friendly , never pushy . bottom line , i am very happy with this hospital .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel blessed to have the mayo clinic right in our town . i had to see an orthopedic surgeon and decided to try the mayo clinic , a friend recommend i give them a try , due to the poor service in the past from prior facilities . i was a little skeptical but went ahead and made an appointment . the staff is superior and the facility was inviting even though its a hospital . i was not confused about where to park , address , phone numbers , etc . because the staff sends out all important information ahead of time and makes your visit stress free as much as possible . wait time was very reasonable . dr. claridge is very professional and answered all my questions . we truly are blessed to have the best in the country in our neck of the woods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to numerous hospitals across chicago and the midwest and the care and environment at mayo clinic blows away every other hospital i 've been to . very short wait times , doctors who listen ( is n't that amazing ? ? ) , and very clean , aesthetically pleasing , comfortable lobbies and clinic rooms . both the scottsdale ( shea ) and north phoenix ( desert ridge area ) branches are very nice , i spend most my time at the shea one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this may clinic is brand new . the first class of medical residents will be matriculating this fall . the outpatient hospital was quiet , clean , and welcoming . there was shuttle transportation available for patients . there was a super friendly greeter who asked us if she could direct us or assist us . the bathrooms were very close to the entrance and were very clean . there was ample seating for family waiting . it was clean and aesthetically appealing . the exterior had a nice garden to walk through and an elevator to the underground parking garage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chemo went well here . nothing good one can say about chemo but they treated me with care . there chemo department provides drinks , hats ( for the hair loss ) and crackers . would suggest hard candy because chemo leaves a bad taste in your mouth . they try to keep your chemo cycles with the same nurse which helps make you feel at home for the 6 hour treatments . another suggestion is the alarms on the chemo equipment is loud when 8 patients are getting chemo and there all going off . if they could have some type of pagers for the nurses when the meds need to be changed . when your doing chemo you go to the bathroom like 20 times and the toilet paper is so rough . overall though they do a great job . thanks for smiling and being so nice to your patients too because chemo makes you feel like a creature .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pay first ? really ? arrogant , uncaring and profit motivated , this supposed health care facility is for the rich who will either die or become impoverished by this fraudulent facade .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no one really wants to listen to people gripe about their , or in this case , their family 's health problems do they ? i 'll keep this one brief , mayo of scottsdale is an institution . it really does n't matter what ails you , they 'll have a cure , or will point you in the direction of someone that will ... mayo , my hat 's off to you ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 're executive so our service is awsome , but the pharmacy is wack as fuck , they new we needed our medicine , the doctor called it n , we go to pick it up n this jerk pharmacy says we do n't make the medicine until u come in.. wat type of shit is this . the doc oviously called it n bc we need this for the procedure tomorrow , why would u wait to make it . most people fly in to the mayo clinic . so they know it 's a thorough visit . but the dumb ass pharmacy is the laziest , slowest , person ever , the mayo clinic has great customer service great doctors but the pharmacy needs to upgrade there customer service . n i 'm not just complaining about my service , i 'm watching everybody else 's service n it was awful we all were upset ... please mayo clinic make this better so i can 5 star you next year for my annual exam.. xoxoxo", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ca n't get an appointment . i 've called and used the online appointment system , multiple times , phone calls are not returned , medical records supposedly not received , even with a fax confirmation , phone hold times 30-60 minutes long . ca n't speak with management regarding issues , told to write a `` letter @ . it 's 2017 and we ca n't even email a concern . not sure if we should even go there now . and yes , we have great insurance !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very pleased with the amount of professionalism this place presented . to spite the fact a scheduler canceled my appointment the first day i made the appointment and failed to let me know , i still got into see a dr. within two hours . the level of care i was recieved was impressive and i finally feel that i am seeing real medical professionals . the resident that saw me that day did everything herself including my vitals . finally competent dr. 's and medical staff that make me feel comfortable that my life is in their hands !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my partner and i had been to 9 different doctors for an aggressive squamous cell cancer that had taken his eye . after being referred by an oculoplastic surgeon to mayo clinic , we finally got the help we needed . the doctors and nurses in this hospital are the best . they made us feel like we were the most important patient in the hospital . but we know they do that for every patient . for any illness , there is no other hospital we would ever recommend over mayo clinic hospital . they are the best ! l", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting phx- feb 2016 -- picked up a god-awful bug . called and asked to see anyone . they managed to get me in that day ( so grateful ) . saw a felllow resident- supervised by an md- excellent care- compassionate - thorough- and right on the money . every person on staff ... friendly , helpful and nice and efficient . 1 week later , i 'm back to my old self ... .thank you~~~ my grade a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. patel is the best eye doctor . very caring , helpful , knowledgeable and respectful . strives for perfection . robin his assistant is the best . treats everyone alike . so glad mayo built this facility and they keep expanding to assist people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad services here , i called an appointment for my son and they were rude and unprofessional . no different then the county hospital .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband has been having stomach troubles for several years and we decided to finally get it figured out ! mayo clinic is top notch healthcare , research and patient care . i am confident that mayo will give us a diagnosis ! the best staff , great facility and the most innovative technology .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel so blessed to have the ability to go to mayo hospital on shea as well as mail boulevard . it 's wonderful residing in a city where the community really dedicate themselves to all the people . i recommend mayo hospital mayo cancer ward as well as the mayo specialty building . in the cancer building they offer everything from yoga to deep tissue massage and wonderful cafeteria and just a fabulous staff and all three buildings . the valet is absolutely wonderful as well kind and respectful young people", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so pleased with this office the staff , and they offer pdt in their clinic which my insurance covers . i was so happy to get my ak 's treated with pdt and their blu-u . highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best experience ! so far in az for 8 years and it is the only place here that i get the best compassionate care and i really love my nurses at the endocrinology dept.. they really made a difference helping me with my diabetes ( type 1 for 21 years ) . when i leave az , it wo n't be the same without they care and patience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i worked for mayo clinic for years , but now that i need to see a specialist , i am told they do not take retired mayo employees as `` new '' patients anymore . a new patient is defined as not being seen in their dept for the past 3 years . unfortunately , mayo is living more on their name and less on their current skills and knowledge . and their primary value , `` the needs of the patient come first '' apparently does n't apply to all of the specialists .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "surprise -- your insurance plan may say they work with mayo but they do not . some plans have a `` '' system and mayo is at the bottom tier to discourage you from going there . so , if you have something unusual or complex you are out of luck because under the tiered plans you can not afford mayo due to the high deductibles put upon you . so , if you have a tiered plan -- do n't even dream about it ! ! and if you ask mayo to discuss this with you -- forget it -- the business office hung up on me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wes mack ( neurology lpn ) is the most professional , together person ... ..he makes things run smoothly and keeps everything on track ... thank you wes for being so terrific ... your customer service is outstanding and mayo is lucky to have you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "feels more like a hotel than a doctors office . best medical care i have had . i have seen several specialist here and my primary care doctor is here too . i also had plastic surgery here to repair a surgical wound from a surgery i had at kaiser that did not heal properly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a really good decent inexpensive breakfast here at the mayo on shea blvd . the staff is friendly but the doctors have one agenda and it is not to help . several misdianogsis over misdiagnosis left mayo and went to another doctor . they charge 15 % over medicare and other insurance but then they do write thousands of dollars off but not worth it after all the problems they cause by not caring for the patient . their focus is follow the rules set forth by the higher ups , their focus is not on patient care . beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's every man 's worst nightmare ... .the 'c ' word . no , not cancer ... cancer would actually be better than this . i 'm talking colonoscopy . i 'm retracing my steps , thinking back on what may have lent to this predicament , but honestly , the answers elude me . but thank god for my doctor , whom upon my awakening from the procedure , dutifully informed me that in no point during the procedure did she spot my head . nope , it was still attached to my neck and now , i have her to validate this long-running debate . the results ? good news , as my wife stood bedside listening to the disappointing prognosis . ( i think she lost a bet with her bitch friend , mindy ) . note : the gallon of fruit punch ex-lax you drink the night before washes down good with stoly . at least the first one does . anything after that 's a waste of good vodka .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i have a choice , i would n't go to any other medical clinic . spent four months with a dermatologist outside of mayo with no results . within weeks , dr. swanson had my chronic hives under control . she listened to what i had to say and made me feel comfortable and confident in her . i ca n't say enough - changed my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i was officially diagnosed with neurogenic thoracic outlet syndrome with an emg . is this enough for you to accept me mayo clinic ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if there was an option for a zero that would have been my choice . the doctors are condescending , they do not look out for their patients best interests , they do n't listen to their patients , they do n't follow protocol , and the staff is by far the most unprofessional staff i have ever witnessed . i highly recommend never going to this hospital as it is a waste of time and effort .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ah vegas ... the city of poor decisions and spontaneous shenans . just kidding , i love vegas ! after 4 straight days of drinking ... .we decided to drink some more ... .and ended up at enlightened souls , lol ! i wanted to pierce my left tragus ( i previously had my right side pierced many years ago in honolulu ) and being a good sport , my friend calvi decided to join in on the spontaneous piercing party . we were quickly greeted warmly by their front girl ( sorry , ca n't recall name ) and given a quick heads-up about their policies and consent forms to fill out . cool girl samm was our piercer for the night and we could n't have been more pleased with her easy-easy-going friendly attitude . calvi got his nose pierced first , then it was my turn . both piercings were $ 50 each . for tattoos , do n't forget to check in on yelp for 25 % off . quick , painless and in out in less than 15 mins . i love vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i took my friend here to get his tongue pierced and ended up getting an awesome vibe from kelly . so i went back to him the next week to get my cheek repierced . he noticed that the previous piercer had pierced them uneven so he measured them up and made sure they were even . he triple checked as well as having me check each time . kelly is a great piercer and totally makes you feel relaxed and at ease . i would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my best friend and i went in with a good idea of what we wanted for our tattoos . patrick and the other guys were super nice and funny and helped us figure out what we wanted . our tattoos came out great and my friend will definitely be coming back to get an old tattoo retouched . patrick promised to make it badass ! we know he will deliver !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got my nose pierced tonight by samm , she was great ! i was being a big baby lol but she was cool and patient with me . also very informative about the do 's and do n't 's of the aftercare . nice and clean setup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall the best possible experience to have when getting any piercing . it 's frightening and exciting as it is but sam was the best . although we were sitting in the middle of a tattoo shop , she definitely made it feel like home . took care of me and two friends . helped make those last minute `` but which side does it look best on '' decisions . definitely worth the price and it was more than reasonable . got my tragus , industrial , and nose done . i 'm excited to get more ! she and patrick have definitely earned 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! i had my tongue pierced there -very easy process . my piercer was kelly , and he was very welcoming and professional . i was a bit nervous , but he made the experience a great one . the whole staff , including owner patrick , was very friendly . i absolutely recommend this place over others in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an amazing experience today with this shop . got one of the easiest and quickest piercings i 've ever had . i got my nostril done and they were super welcoming and so professional . i will be back here for sure ! ! highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to get my nose re-pierced after it closed quickly ( in just 13 hours ! ) after having to take it out briefly . i forget my piercers name but she did such a great job at making sure i was comfy with the procedure . made sure i was happy with the placement before piercing it . never made me feel rushed . everything she opened was sterile and opened right in front if me . would definitely come back in the future if i had other piercings done . i did n't really notice a lot of displays for piercings though . just the one glass display off to the side . so there may not be a lot of choices to choose from . lucky for me she had exactly what i needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "miranda did a great job on my nose piercing , i 'm so happy with it ! the atmosphere was welcoming and friendly , and i will definitely be going back for future piercings !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here since i was visiting for my niece graduation..sam you are an amazing person , thanks a million for being you . kept me cool n collective while i got my tragus and earlope pierced , and on top of that a new nose stud , which i lost about 2wks ago . i appreciate you talking me through it and giving me breathing strategy to keep my mind off the pain . continue success and # onelove", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous tattoo experience . went there to get a memorial piece for my son . i had a hard time expressing what i wanted , but patrick was able to nail it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a new `` go-to '' place to get work done , since my regular shop closed . stumbled upon this gem hiding away in the galleria mall next to macy 's . i was intrigued by the work i saw on yelp and their site , so i stopped in to see patrick and get an estimate . patrick is very personable , and his rates were more than reasonable . by the time it was over , we were both very impressed with how things turned out . a great overall experience , clean shop , and great customer service . they will be getting more of my business . thanks , patrick , and everyone at enlightened soul .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patrick has done it once again ! another great tattoo ! this is the third time he 's done work for me and i 'll definitely be back again ! great shop , great atmosphere and super convenient being right in the mall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took us a couple sessions , but it was worth it . thanks patrick and sam ! you guys are way chill ! totally made this whole tattoo thing an experience ! how would i rate enlighten soul ? great prices ! awesome service ! if you 're serious about getting a tattoo , patrick is really easy to work with . definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had an entire sleeve done here , started by one artist but finished up and completed by patrick : amazing and professional . they are always accommodating and super nice . the environment is super friendly and nice . i recommend them to everyone . the work is worth the prices , which are never bad : so if you want some work done come see patrick or lacey !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my daughter in for a couple of cartilage piercings , and samm was amazing ! she completely put my daughter at ease by helping her decide where to place them and explaining what she would be doing at each step . she gave us complete instructions for aftercare , including her phone number in case there were any issues . great experience ! ! do yourself a favor and have your piercings done by samm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly tattoo artist . patrick gave me my first tattoo and he made sure i was calm , comfortable and satisfied . i will for sure come back to this place when i want another tattoo . for my first tattoo , they explained how painless it is and kept me calm throughout the whole process : ) thanks again patrick..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got a tattoo here today and it was amazing , i have had work done before but at another shop . the staff here is great , sam is the gal at the front and she is super sweet and helpful . mike did my art piece of a rib cage with flowers in it . total time was 2hrs , very detailed with color and they got me in that day ! he is light handed so do n't worry if your not into pain also no blood or tears were shed ! ! ! i highly recommend best part of the whole experience was watching a movie during the tattoo instead of watching people gawk as they passed by . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "100 % would recommend ! i got my nose pierced and samm was really nice , calming & super quick . will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time i tried them , they had some amazing hot apple cider ! i believe it 's a seasonal menu item but it was like the most amazing apple pie you 've ever had converted in to a warming , soothing drink . i always get a different type of chicken flatbread . super tasty and cooked to perfection . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited when i saw chicken pho on the menu . even though today was a hot one , i 've been sick so i welcomed some hot soup . they were the only truck at my work place and there was a line ( expected during lunch rush hour ) . my brother waited close to what seemed like a half hour . i , fortunately did n't have to wait as long . to say i was disappointed is an understatement . there was barely any noodles , the broth was bland and it was nothing like any pho i 've ever had . they should change the name because it is far from pho . the chicken was flavorful and the person who took the order was sweet . also , i was told my order was $ 8 but was charged $ 9.04 . meanwhile , the guy before me gave the exact $ 10 that he was told he owed . c'mon , at least disclose that you 're going to charge a service fee for using a card . there 's no way in hell it was $ 1.04 for taxes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will start off by saying there were two people and the women working was horrible . ( very tall african american women ) seemed very -out of it and on drugs clearly . was very irritated and being rude tomme and her partner ... the bacon cheeseburger took forever compared to everyone else 's order and was terrible it had a flat bread as its bun ? ! ? ! without telling me that ! ! all in all a terrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously unprepared for a crowd , waited 30mins for limp pile of fries and the skinniest stromboli ever . their generator is so loud u ca n't hear the guy in the window , real mess . the flatbread my friend ordered was cold and the cheese was only half melted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this food truck came to our apartment community and needless to say it was well priced and the flatbreads were great ! i had the mango chicken pesto flatbread with the side salad thank you mango flats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as my 5 years old pc was switching off after 5 minutes due to cpu overheating reaching an unhealthy 83\u00b0c i paid a visit to this life saver repair shop . pc tech savvy thibault gave me a great insight into what could be going wrong with my computer , so i left it in his capable hands . after less than 24 hrs . i got my tower back working and running smooth as a lamborghini diablo . he replaced the old , dry and cracked thermal paste with a fresh layer of it and clean the whole motherboard and slots , and , as promised i just paid a very affordable reasonable \u00a3 45 considering that my cpu was not ruined ( over-cooked ) and that it passed the stress test with full marks . once at home i run the speccy software and was pleasantly surprised that during heavy use my amd cpu temperature was not higher than 32\u00bac ... excellent job thibault ; it 's good to know that such a great and reliable shop exists in my neighborhood . a highly recommended repair shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although some staff transitioned over like the butcher , this place is not what safeway was . the prices are high . comparative shopping is just out the window here . assume everything is much more expensive . at least i can shop virtually alone since i 'm usually one of 4 people in the whole store , employees included . where is trader joes or wf ? ? i 'll even take safeway back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have visited a few times , but would rather go to the fry 's just a few minutes away . they are definitely overpriced for almost everything . i understand it is supposed to be specialty , but it used to be a safeway so they should have slowly increased the prices . if you are hoping to visit the customer service desk , you will not find an employee working it , ever . i waited 5 mins , then realized no one was coming and no one would call someone over to the desk so i abandoned that . the next time i visited , same thing . apparently they do n't feel it is necessary to have someone at the desk during the day ( 12p-2p ) . on the plus side , their cakes are great . they are much better than the store bought cakes you usually get . we have purchased a few cakes there ( at least 4 ) and each has been nothing but amazing . i would definitely not do my regular shopping there but i would go for the one off situation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "update - haggen 's is closing . why does this not suprise me . their prices are ridiculously outrageous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shame on this company . promised the inherited employees 2 years of employment and training , they got less than 4 months and the whole place went out of business . prices were ridiculously out of line with the other local markets , from the 2nd week on shelves were n't stocked and never a special in the store . when the last 10 days were upon the store and everything was 60 % off , it was finally in line w the other markets ! it had to have been planned to deliberately fail .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first visit since the safeway conversion . i will say i see a lot of positive changes so far . the produce selection is definately improved from safeway . more organic a choices and varieties it great . several new fish choices in the meat counter . safeway had scaled back everything other than the processed stuff that stays shelf stable so it 's nice to have more fresh options . i am looking forward as the phase in all the offerings they plan to have . i could care less about the processed foods and those prices since if that 's important a i will price shop other groceries but i love having fresh options and am willing to pay a bit more for products that are healthier so as not to have to by the boxed and canned options that have become the cheap and not the most nutritious of options . keep up the changes and we 'll continue to support it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was craving guacamole , so i thought i would try haggen 's since they are more of a specialty store . yes , they specialize in not having any guacamole . i had to walk the length of the store 3 times before i found someone to ask . disappointing ... wo n't be back any time soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great spot to come with older kids ( i would say from 4 up ) , but a precocious 3 year old would be fine . it would n't be good for a toddler , or at least not my toddler ( visions of him destroying everyone 's crafts gleefully ) . it is very clean and has fantastic coffee and a good selection of food ( some vegan and veg options too ) . there is a $ 10 charge if they want to do a craft , but for that they get a wooden craft to paint ( selection of different ones ) and take home , and then unlimited paper and paint after that , so for me it 's worth it to occupy them for an hour ! there is a helper working in the craft area , too . i will most definitely come back with my daughter . it looked like there was a party room in the basement that could possibly be rented out , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place to stop by for coffee and a snack while kids play or create arts and crafts . stopped there with my nephew and niece who had so much fun they would have stayed all day if we let them ! the employee in charge of the creating section was extremely patient and helpful to all kids . many places where kids create art only offer materials that people could make at home but smock had many supplies that were unique and different that it was definitely worth the price which was very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very poor and unfriendly service . i 'm writing this review after going there a few times.there are a few ladies working there and two of them are quite rude . everytime i go there , they change their rates on me . also , i 've felt that after sitting with my child for half an hour , they look at me as if i should be purchasing more food . just an uncomfortable feeling . i asked one of the ladies to warm up something for me and she gave me a dirty look and told me next time she wo n't be able to do it . they are not on top of who is using their crafts and who is n't so you just may get charged for a service not provided . i 'm thinking of not coming here anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here with my partner because we were curious and were scouting for places to go with our kids . our kids were n't with us at the time . felt awkward and not the quiet adult hangout we were looking for . they really skimp on the tea . the water for it was lukewarm as well . we 'll try it with our kids next time but so far , like most of these newfangled places for kids and parents , the virtue of the place is the fact that they have things for kids to do , so they do n't have to worry about quality of product or anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "truly fab food and a great healthy kids ' menu . even if i do n't have my son with me , this is my preferred spot to grab a quick bite on the go on roncey . the interior is exquisite ! ithe decor is whimsical and inspired and they have a wonderful selection of toys for little ones to play with ( my son loves cuddling up in the reading nook and playing with the handmade marble run but they also have costumes a wooden kitchen , a toy bin , etc. ) . my son has had moderate success at the very well-stocked craft table . it 's really geared at kids older than 5 , but at 3.5 he 's decorated a wooden vehicle and made a mini aquarium . everything here is very well thought out . lovely place for kids and adults alike ! love it and so glad it 's in my hood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and my kids love the craft area . love that my kids can work on some crafts while i enjoy a cup of coffee . the only downside is it is a bit pricey especially if you have more than one child and you are all eating lunch ( but then again everything in toronto is expensive when you have 3 kids ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i miss japanese food . i grew up in southern california , with japanese-american family and i 'm jonesing here in the midwest for a good chicken katsu , or a decent udon . kame 's the closest i 've come here to being satisfied . i like it a bit better than kamakura , and the servers are both friendly and on point . the miso 's pretty good , the udon is a trifle underwhelming , but the katsu 's quite lovely . although -- -you can get cheese on it ? what the hell ? is that a terrifyingly midwest thing ? cuz i 've never heard of this . ick . that aside , i 'm bummed that they only have chicken katsu curry ( one of my favourite things in life ever ) one day a week . i want it now ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went back for dinner . we had 2 different regular maki that were really good : the fancy spicy tuna and tempura sweet potato . i also ordered pieces of hamachi ( yellowfin ) and unagi ( eel ) that were also great . the unagi was as good as any i can remember . we also got their nightly special , `` the ninja roll '' , which was filled with all manner of goodness and wholly delish . with tea for two , miso , and their little cucumber noodle dish ( miso and cucumber dish is included with all meals ) , the total was only $ 31.00 . that is a really good price in my book , and is why i raised the rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very unassuming from the outside , and even from the inside , but do n't let the looks fool you . this is the best sushi place in town . what it lacks in style it makes up for in great prices , great service , and quality ingredients . i am a huge sushi fan , which is tough when you 're stuck in the midwest . but places like kame help to ease the pain . some of the other reviews talking about the ( lack of ) freshness confuse me . i 've never had anything but fresh sushi there , and i 've been many times . if you 're in town and you get a craving for good sushi make sure to check this place out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi kame is a decent sushi place in downtown champaign . the sushi is definitely authentic , and some of their sushi was definitely right on the money . that the sushi was relatively cheap only made the experience even better . the interior is unassuming , which is fine , because it usually means good things for the food . the nigiri was quite good , and the sweet rice was cooked perfectly . the rolls we had were crunch ( good flavor with a good crunch ) , sweet potato ( best tempura-based roll i 've had ) , alaska ( pretty good , i do n't remember much of it , though ) , green turtle ( better than the crunch ) and volcano ( not nearly as spicy as it should be ) . i sort of wished the soy sauce was n't just salty ( it tasted like the stuff that comes out of the bottles at standard chinese restaurants ) . some of the rolls could have been a bit more flavorful . overall , though , i 'd definitely go back to sushi kame when i 'm in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed eating here . i was surprised at the small courses that were brought out in between -- cold noodles , miso soup , watermelon ; it was a pleasant surprise . i 'm not a huge sushi fan , but i loved the sushi here . they had tons of sushi combos to choose from , and were fairly quick at tending to our table . the decor seemed a bit cheesy , but the food was great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst sushi experience of my life . while theres value in the bento box , the fish was not fresh , the seaweed wrap stale , and the rolls haphazardly put together . the eel was notably rank . do yourself a favor and stick with sakanaya .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "normally i 'd leave 4 stars but the service was n't up to par . sushi was good by champaign standards . but the service was slow , and we had to wait 30 minutes to be told they ran out of the dessert we had ordered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sushi kame was the first place that i tried sushi , and it made my fall in love with it . they have a wide selection of rolls for a very reasonable price , especially when you consider the little extras they throw in there between meals . this is the place that holds the standard for sushi for me , and most places do n't compare . great service , great prices , great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word ... amazing ! i have been to all , and i mean all , sushi restaurants in champaign urbana area , and this place has the best sushi . my friends and i thought we should give this place a try last sunday , and i 'm so glad we did . they first give you complementary miso soup , and a small bowl of noodles with a cucumber . i loved it ! especially the noodles ! the food came out fairly quickly given that the place was pretty busy . we got spicy shrimp tempura , love-love , volcano , dragon , and other sushi rolls ( we ordered too much , so i do n't remember all the names ) . everything tasted wonderful , and i love that our sushi rolls came in a huge boat ! overall , service was great , the fish was fresh , and the rolls were lovely . my friends and i will be back soon : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their salmon bento box for lunch is amazing and delicious ! i have really enjoyed it . i 've always had great service coming here . i was n't too happy with the chicken udon soup i tried today . it was good flavored but it seemed to be lacking noodles ... and chicken . there were just a few scraps here and there , and it was pretty disappointing . i recommend their sushi rolls and bento boxes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place in champaign for sushi . prices are reasonable and the food is delicious ! i 've only come for sushi , and have tried a handful of rolls , but the spitfire roll ( tempura tuna , jalapeno , cream cheese , spicy sauce in a soy wrapper ) is what keeps me coming back ! you get miso soup and a little dish of noodles before the meal . awesome ! my friend also loves the beef soba soup . service is very fast during dinner hour and the waitresses are very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi kame , i love you . ironically , i never come here for the sushi . good sushi is n't very hard to find , but good japanese food is especially in a town this size . granted , service is n't very good . the waiters were n't very experienced , but to be honest i do n't care that much about service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "given some of the reviews i was somewhat skeptical of this restaurant , however , happy to report an overall great experience . the only `` con '' of this establishment is the low number of staff members . we waited to be seated for around 10 minutes and waited another 10-15 for an order placement . i will say , the server was still very kind and attentive given there was only one in a crowded place ! the food was great and very cheap for the amount . i would recommend a bento box for lunch , comes with several options as well as rice , miso , salad , and vegetables . would come again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is definitely my favorite sushi restaurant in champaign-urbana . the bento boxes are relatively cheap and huge , and every roll that i 've had has been delicious . the salmon don bowl is pretty amazing , too . i keep meaning to try the noodles , but when faced with the list of delicious sushi rolls , i always succumb . cute location downtown , and great staff . my only minor complaint is that they often seem understaffed , and the poor servers seem a bit overworked during dinner . but they are unfailingly kind , and the food is always delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i tried sushi kame i thought it was good . i did n't exactly try their sushi . i got the chicken teriyaki bento box and that was okay . my second visit i ordered various rolls . they were decent . i thought i would enjoy it more but it would either be lacking flavor or it would n't be enough . i do enjoy their appetizers- the miso soup and the cold noodles . i wish i knew how to make those . as for the ambiance , it 's comfortable . it 's good for dates or meetings . that said , it 's a little more chaotic on really busy days . expect the sushi to take a while especially when everybody else is ordering them . the service is fine as well . nevertheless , i would n't completely forget about sushi kame . there 's such a few selection of good restaurants when it comes to sushi at chambana and sushi kame will still be able to satisfy your cravings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good sushi , the food here is very good while also not being incredibly expensive . i 've never had to wait for a table here since it never seems that a ton of people are there . the miso and the cucumber salad are tasty and i would recommend the volcano roll , the lobster salad roll and the canada roll . love this place , ca n't promote it enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi kame has some fantastic japanese food and some of the best prices in town , especially for the quality . i 've sampled several dishes from their menu , from sashimi to sushi rolls to noodle dishes , and i 've been very happy with each and every one . i have yet to try yellowfin restaurant , but in my experience , sushi kame easily beats the other area sushi restaurants in terms of quality and price . as a previous reviewer said , service is n't always the best , but , in my experience , that 's only been in terms of table visits by the waitstaff ( they seem to get overwhelmed easily ) . having said that , they have always been friendly and our food has always been quick to the table . oh , and they close for a few hours between lunch and dinner , so be sure to call ahead if you 're not sure if they 're open yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for champaign , best sushi . very good prices for its large portions . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi kame is a clean , unpretentious , and the most authentic japanese restaurant in the area . it is more representative of the restaurants in japan than the many japanese , fusion , buffet , what-have-you type of setting which has become the norm now . the sushi was well made , with quality ingredients . efficient and courteous service . and since is is off the main strip , there is almost never a wait . would recommend this over any other sushi place in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious and fresh sashimi ! had the chirashi don and it was great ! very affordable and would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi kame is the best sushi place on campus ( and by on campus , i mean a 5-10 min bus ride on the green , but it stops right in front of it ) . on the outside , the place does n't look like much , but the interior has a warm atmosphere and the staff is friendly , if a bit overwhelmed ( my only complaint was the service , but i attribute this to their being understaffed ) if you 're a sashimi person , be warned that the prices are a wee bit on the `` are you kidding me ? '' side , but it 's worth it ; i do n't know how they do it , but the times i 've had their american sashimi , the salmon and tuna were perfect - fresh , succulent , and slightly chilled . they have a large collection of rolls , and being a pro-spicy person , i like their selection of spicy rolls . great place , and highly recommended", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bento boxes are a good deal for what you get : delicious entree , rice , tempura , pieces of cali sushi roll , salad , miso , and noodle salad . if you 're looking for a good priced bento box , this is the place to go . if you 're looking for good quality sushi : skip it . sushi is mediocre and fish quality is poor . i mean , if you do n't have much experience or knowledge for what good and fresh quality sushi actually tastes like , then you might enjoy the place because you do n't know better . nothing special about the atmosphere and servers are n't exactly charming .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really liked the sushi here . it 's grey tasting and fresh . plus , they have a really good tasting soup that is given before the meal . just the waiting time was bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cool place to stop by if you want some cheap sushi , but they definitely over-rice their rolls and put way less fish . the vegetable tempura is tasty but service took forever while we were just waiting for a to-go order ... nearly a one hour wait and only one other table was in the restaurant . i do n't know if i 'd ever go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "soon after leaving naperville , il , i drove down to champaign , il to check out this small town in the middle of illinois . champaign is a true university town ( unlike faux places like duluth ) and it offers a wide variety of local restaurants and great coffee shops . having a second craving for sushi , i stopped by sushi kame to see if it would be a good option should i wind up living there . the place was small and pretty empty as the university was on spring break , but the sushi was very good . the spicy tuna hand roll was clean and layered ( opposed to mixing chunks of ahi with the ubiquitous spicy sauce ) , i also had the tempura scallop roll , which was awesome ! again clean flavor and the scallop was noticeably fresh . i had a few other simple pieces and each one was well prepared . i would definitely recommend sushi kame to anybody looking for a solid roll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the best sushi in town . i do n't know if i call it the best sushi but i do eat here when i crave sushi . there is almost always a place to sit so no waiting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the love-love roll ( $ 6.95 ) is what i order every time . it has everything i want in a roll and it 's affordable and filling ! i do enjoy the fact that they offer their guests a small portion of sliced cucumber , cold noodles w rice vinegar and a cup of miso soup before the meal . you do n't get that anywhere else in town ... sometimes , it is difficult to have a power lunch due to the fact that the staff is outnumbered by its customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried sushi kame for lunch today . i am no expert on japanese cuisine , so for this midwestern girl , the japanese food was delicious . i had the salmon bento box and my husband had a chicken fillet . loved my salmon and grilled vegetables . had three pieces of vegetable tempura , two pieces of california roll , lettuce salad . the restaurant was not very busy for a friday lunch time . there seemed to be one cook and one server running the place and we had no waiting . there were several people coming in to pick up carry out orders , too . we will give them another try and be more adventurous in our selections .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "though i 'm not a fan of raw fish , my fiance thinks that this is one of the best places to get sushi around town . for people like me , i think that their bento boxes are usually good , but last time i came here , the beef bento was a little too salty . their serving sizes seem like they 're getting smaller over the years , but not a bad place to try once in a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place and certainly less crowded than ko fusion on a weekend . the service was courteous and i really enjoyed the chirashi i had which is basically sashimi over rice . my friends also had the chicken teriyaki and a couple different rolls . we were all content with our meal and i definitely plan on coming back . this is a much simpler sushi place with more traditional dishes you 'll see at a regular sushi place compared to ko fusion which has a lot of american sushi rolls and honestly sometimes gimmicks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite sushi places in champaign . the atmosphere could be better but overall i enjoy their food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after dining in , it turned out not so bad after all . also , i feel much appreciative of the fish-to-rice ratio of their sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was good it was a little expensive for me just the two of us me and my son and it cost us $ 100 and we just drink soda but like i said the food was really good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came in tonight at 9 . they were pretty short staffed but managed everyone pretty well ! service was a bit slow but nothing too disappointing . the sushi boat was awesome ! they have tons of different kinds of rolls . something for everyone ! it can be hard to remember what you want so the ordering sheet is pretty handy . they also bring out a bunch of little salad and soup prior to the sushi . it was pretty cute and tasty ! my boyfriend ordered teriyaki chicken which was good but a little salty . all in all , we had a great time and everything was tasty and not super expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best sushi in champaign-urbana . after living in japan for a short period , i am crazy snobby about sushi . certainly , compared to the quality you could find in a major coastal city this is nothing to write home about , but in a midwestern college town this is as good as it gets . i 've not tried much here besides their sushi but what i 've had i liked . ambiance leaves something to be desired but the food is the obvious draw here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place for sushi in champaign . lunch is my favorite time to go but the dinner selections are great too . we always order a variety of rolls . anything with tuna is excellent . the rainbow roll is my favorite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised this place has 4 stars ... the set up of the restaurant is awkward , and the decor is n't very planned . the server was almost too timid , but she was at least attentive . i agree with other reviews that said the food did n't taste very fresh . the price was n't too bad , but overall not worth it for what we got . as a side note , they play bubble-gum j-pop music over the speakers , while i think more mellow artists ( like yuzu , mao abe , yui , etc ) would be a much better match for a dining experience . sakanaya on green st. is a bit pricier , but an all-around better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have no idea why this place is rated so high ! i had many different rolls of sushi here and save for two , they were all terrible . most of the rolls were doused with a very spicy sauce . i live in texas and am used to spicy , but this was so much , i could barely even continue to eat the sushi ( we had to stop ) . it was so spicy , you could n't even taste any flavors of the roll ... which completely defeats the purpose of sushi . the edamame was good but grossly overpriced at $ 3 for a tiny little bowl . the tempura sampler dish was really tasty and priced fairly . it took forever to get service any single time we needed anything , even though there was almost no one in the restaurant when i came one weekday night . i came here with my mom and sister based on yelp reviews hoping to explore some new joints in the champoobanana area and was immensely disappointed . i 'll stick with kofusion for all my champaign sushi desires .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i go for asain food i would go in this place cause this is the best place i recommended everyone there are many restaurant attached to it but i recommended this place they had really good food am not a japenese but i know little bit of japenese food this is the best one : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after patronizing every sushi place in town more than a few times , i consider sushi kame to be the best ( perhaps barely beating out yellowfin ) . the sushi is fresh , they do n't skimp on ingredients , and the servers are friendly while keeping the prices similar to other competitors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sushi kame gets my vote for best sushi in the area . consistent service , food , and value .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have two completely different experiences at this place . i think it is the best sushi in champaign but the service makes it hard for me to commend them . first visit : slow night so i was immediately seated . great dishes ( i recommend the bento box for those who are not adventurous ) made fresh and service was pretty good . second visit : trash service . we were constantly missing items . some orders were late and others just never arrived and there were no apologies . we had to call waitress over several times just to get ordered and she still missed things . overall i was pleased with the shrimp fried rice and sushi rolls . i 'm not sure what is going on there but they need to get it together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good sushi place in a city with few options . food was very good and the service was great . i did n't have any issues other reviewers had and will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful sushi . had spicy scallop , love-love and spitfire . all great flavor . service was very slow or would have given 5 stars ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "easily the best sushi spot in town . the prices vary from ridiculous to good , and the lunch bento boxes are probably the best lunch deal i 've seen at a local japanese place . i usually do n't really notice service or atmosphere one way or the other but the restaurant is near perfect on both of these counts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the one star is because of the waitstaff service . other than that this place is a big disappointment . went there today for quick sushi fix . ordered spicy tuna and spicy salmon roll . but when they came out it looked so unpleasant . there was no spicy tuna or salmon in it . it was really just the rice and seaweed wrapped around with just barely visible meat on it . i was so surprised i am big fan of sushi rolls and never did i see such a sushi roll in my life . i do n't know if they were trying to save money or rip the customers off . either way they did a good job on that . never ever going back to that place again for sushi rolls . that place is a joke to japanese sushi rolls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited an hour and a half for some of the worst rolls and steak teriyaki i have ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just walk by this place and head east to kofusion . we 've been here half a dozen times and each one worse than the last . the latest found us standing like idiots for close to ten minutes at the door while the servers kept walking by refusing to acknowledge us . the restaurant was half full but only two servers . when we were spoken to it was to ask if we could wait another ten minutes . had they offered us a seat and told us the wait time , we 'd have been patient . i 'm pretty sure they just wanted us to go away , and we did , never to return . besides the bad service this place is dirty , dingy , and not worth it . head east !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic & fun experience , customer service and quality from day 1 . employee was very helpful , friendly & knowledgeable . chose italian barolo ( international ) . was hesitant about what homemade wine would taste like , but got to taste before bottling and the flavour ( though young ) was still very good . process of sanitizing , bottling , corking , foiling was very easy . it was suggested to let wine stand upright for 1st wk & alllow 6- 9 mos for flavors to fully develop . do n't think they will last that long though : ) i 'll be back for sure to do another batch . great worth for your money", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! the staff are very helpful and friendly . i was shown how to bottle , and cork . it was so easy ! made a batch of cabernet sauvignon , which gave me 14 bottles . ca n't wait to try my vino ... super helpful and would highly recommend ! great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our wine bottling experience here was huge steps ahead from another place we previously tried . helpful staff , fast service and straight forward process made the bottling experience easy , simple and enjoyable . great deals if you sign up for their newsletter to know when they have specials on ! highly recommended for those who want some decent home made wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing deal plus great service and product ! get the groupon for $ 39 that gets you 14 bottles of wine and you wo n't be disappointed . they have quite the selection of wines and the staff are super helpful throughout the process . the experience consists of 2 visits about 6 weeks apart . the first appointment literally takes 10 seconds where you drop a package of yeast into a jug to start the process . the second appointment is the fun part where you do the bottling , corking and labeling . you can bring your own bottles or purchase them on site for $ 1 each . corks and labels are included but the labels are kind of ugly so you might want to consider bringing your own if you are concerned with the appearance . they have deals going on all the time , so the prices you see on the website are n't really the price . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "goodbye lcbo ! hello wine butler ! have been bottling wine here for over 4 years , after first experimenting through a groupon . wine always turns out great ( ( international pinot noir & malbec are current favourites ) . staff are very helpful and will take you through bottling process quickly . they even help you carry your boxes out to your car . very clean and efficient facility . once you make a batch , they are terrific at sending you news about specials and discounts for future batches , which you can easily book online . amazing value for the money and terrific wines . will continue going as long as they are in business . note to newcomers-bring empty wine boxes from lcbo to help you transport and store your wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be the place to be . recent few years they have gone downhill . service is non-existent on a busy day . food wise it is nothing to write home about . their dusty cajun flavour wings were really good once upon a time . i think the kitchen changed thats why . i posted a picture of a feather stuck to my wing . totally unacceptable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for me , i base my pubs almost entirely on atmosphere ; cooper 's is very lacking in this department . i 've been there a few times , only because it 's so close to where i live . there is a lot of seating , which is great - only problem is most of the seats are usually empty ; i guess it 's ok if the purpose of you going there is to play musical chairs with a very large group . i have n't had much to eat there other than the wings , which were pretty standard for a pub . they do have a big projector screen that they pull out for big sporting events , which is cool and something that i look for . but even then , i still find the place to be relatively empty ; this could also be due in part to the snobby staff . my suggestion is head to a nearby jack astor 's or boston pizza instead - they 're close by , the prices are about the same , and the atmosphere is much better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first off , i 'm biased . i 've been coming to coopers for about 15 years . it 's not the greatest pub in the world , but it 's one of those comfy places to go to for a leafs game , or just to chill out . the wings are good and pretty cheap on a game night . the beer selection is decent , but seems to never change . i usually go for wings but other menu items like fries , burgers , wraps are pretty good too , standard pub fare . i recommend it on leaf game nights , especially in the winter . beats boston pizza or jacks any day of the week . in the summer , hit up a place with a patio instead - this is the one thing coopers lacks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super dinghy inside . the waitresses have never changed since the first time i went here , which is about over fifteen years ago . i love the wings here , but the price of the wings have steadily increased and the wings itself has gotten smaller . i used to frequent this place often because the wings were bomb and cheap , but now i do n't think it 's worth it . i still love their style of wings though , they are natural , are non-breaded and not steroid induced wings .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "once or twice a year when we finally decide to bite the bullet and have wings , we go to coopers pub as their wings are the best ! love , love , love this place ! the wings are really inexpensive on game night and sundays ; they have a variety to choose from and they are always fresh , fully cooked and not breaded like some other wing places . i recall the french onion soup being really good too . service is friendly and they have a good selection of beer on tap - would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "restaurant is dark as hell ... their servers look like they want to kill themselves and hate the fact that theyre working there ... only reason ppl go there is by default because of the convenience , and their wing night ( which they are increasing in price progressively ) ... have you ever watched a bar scene in a mob movie that 's set in the 70s ? well if you want to relive the shag carpets , dim lighting , woodtrim bar , and servers born in the decade prior , then you should totally go to coopers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there for the super bowl ! their super bowl special menu was great ! everything was priced very good . nothing overpriced . got good service . our waitress was very nice . good experience overall", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoyed the bar itself and the atmosphere . the staff were professionals and treated us well during our visit . my friend had a few beers and i had a virgin cesar . my cesar drink was amazing and just perfect . however , the food was disgusting , they used poor quality meats and the turkey meat on my club had expired . my friend ordered chicken bites and they were pieces of old thigh meat which smelled bad and were stringy . i actually wanted to vomit after tasting my friends chicken bits . the waitress was aware of this and felt bad but agreed that this food was spoiled and less than par .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting service . sat down for twenty minutes and did n't even get a single person to get our order . a dozen people came in after us and were all served and had received their drinks . sad too because i 've been here couple of times and live around the corner for almost 12 years now . i will never be back nor will my friends . do n't want to say this but we were a party of two coloured .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here to watch the soccer game . took about 15 minutes to finally have a server to hand me a menu , and the food ( buffalo wrap ) took over 30 mins . yes just one wrap . the servers are not friendly , and are not personable . if you have the time ( to waste ) , then come to this restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was with a bunch of friends and picked this place over jack astors and boy was that a mistake , i 've never had worse food ever . the waitresses are very push and force you to buy beer or any other alcoholic drink which does n't necessarily float my boat . asides from that there 's nothing really about this place that can redeem itself . i would only go to this place as an absolute last resort .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here cause its close to home and i walk after having a few too many pints . on hockey nights they offer a pretty sweet deal at .39 wing . an abundance of different flavours , i usually dont wonder off other than occasionally geting the jerk flavour . it 's a pretty relax pub atomsphere and hockey nights bring in big crowds . service could be better and so can the kitchen . its a nice spot wish they put more effort into the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "coopers pub was probably my worst dining experience . i came with a group of guys & we all ordered wings . when we got our wings ( 1 hour later ) , they were n't even the ones we ordered . i think i was eating some sort of sweet wings , meanwhile i ordered hot . after all that wait , the wings were just 'ok ' . definitely nothing special . what truly defined my experience was the terrible customer service . waited 30 minutes to get acknlowedged , an hour to get my food , and another 30 minutes to get my bill . the waitress was extremely rude and forgot about us , although it was n't even packed . because of my 3 similar experiences to the one described above , i will never come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if this place had atmosphere it would definitely be a 5 . i do n't think there is any other pub where you can completely stuff yourself for around $ 10 ... sun - wed ( cheap wings ) if it 's busy expect slow service , usually understaffed . sit close to the bar at the back so that you have more access the server . if your on the upstairs section you can wait forever if you need something in addition to the original order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here when i 'm in mississauga . they have cheap wing days during the week . the wings are n't the best , but worth the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "health hazard please read through many reviews here . bunch of people including myself have gotten sick after eating here . i ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich and it got my stomach messed up for a good 30-40hrs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friends and i have been going to coopers once and sometimes twice a week for years now . it has everything you would expect from an irish pub . pros : 1 . great location , very central and easy to access . 2 . good prices for alcohol and food . 3 . friendly and personable staff . 4 . major sports events usually are on tv cons : 1 . gets very busy during the leafs games 2 . the wings are average , not bad but not great either . 3 . undercover police tend to harass the patrons on week nights to check for drinking and driving . my favourite items on their menu are the greek salad , the burger , veggie platter , and of course their cold beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to coopers to watch the rapters game on a friday night . when the game is playing , you can get a pitcher and pound of wings for $ 26 . thats amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! they have a variety of wing flavours . i really liked how they had so many tv screens and a huge projector screen for the game ! the atmosphere is kind of old and dingy but they have lots of tables and friendly staff . they also have a variety of food options from apps , salads , burgers and steaks . they also have daily dinner specials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great wings at a good price 4 days a week . however that 's about it . service can be deplorable at times depending on what server you get . inside is dingy with outdated decor . sports on the tv 's and yet you get to listen to the music the staff have on . go get your wings and a beer . then go home to watch the jay 's game . you 'll actually get to hear what buck martinez and pat tabler are saying !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've eaten at coopers enough times to give a true review . interior is run down , could use a renovation . food service is very slow . no refills on pop . there was one time i did n't finish 2 of my wings and the waitress charged me for not finishing them . should be a 1 star , but gave a 2 because their wings do taste bomb !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there on a friday for lunch . i have been here once or twice for drinks but this was the first time to eat . as it was friday and fish and chips was one of the specials i decided to have that . when it arrived , as hungry as i was , i thought this does n't look that good . i could n't really say what it was that did n't look good but it did n't . when i cut into the fish the grease pooled on the surface . the fries were ok but not great . the service was slow but not too bad even though the place was not busy by any means . i felt gross all afternoon . i would maybe go there again for a drink but never again to eat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it ai n't pretty but it gets the job done . food is ok , service varies , and they have decent specials", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have had beers here several times . i have always had a pleasant experience . waitresses are polite and good looking . and that 's important for me . it 's a pleasant experience overall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friends meet up here sometimes for the raptors game best think we get all the time are the dusty cajun wings soooo good..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coopers has been around for decades . i 've been a customer for almost 12 years . they are known for their large television screens ... ... not the food . if you are here for wings , take a hike - you only get a deal if you purchase a drink with ( at 3.50 per cup ) . not to mention the wing 's belong to baby chickens . it 's pub food , there is n't much to expect much here however , if you are looking for a place to watch a fight or a finals game . this is the place to be ! seating area is big . if ya did n't find a seat - no problem , just stand like the rest of us . if you are coming with a group , carpooling would be a great idea whether a sunday to saturday you will have a find very hard time getting a parking space . service is 3 5 stars food is 2 5 stars price is 2 5 stars the place could use a remodel because it is very outdated . many of chairs are falling apart .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ya mon ' . sorry , i could n't resist . so the location might appear a lil ' shady or eclectic , depending on your perception . it 's nestled in a little strip mall near some empty suites , club kiss , red door and some kinda ahem , 'gentlemans ' club . my kinda place ? eh , who cares , the food 's good . so i 've been a long time fan of carribean food and jamaican curry has always been one of my faves . jerk chicken is great when it 's done right and i think island paradise does it right . nicely spiced , both spiced and spicy , chopped up with a big cleaver ( bones and all ) , and piled right on top of rice and beans , cabbage , plantains or even mac n cheese ( huh ) . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time eating here ... unfortunately , it was also my last . the service was a little slow and the order was not correct ; however , that was not the issue . i will admit that the food was good , but i immediately lost my appetite when i saw a roach crawling across the floor ! to make matters worse , they tried to charge me and my coworker for a large plate when we both ordered the lunch portion . disgusted is an understatement !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the best jamaican food hands down in the charlotte market !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just the change of pace needed at lunch time . i had a spicy beef patty and stewed chicken with cabbage and rice and beans . quick friendly service , piping hot well seasoned food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just food alone -- 5 star place is old and dumpy and the service is average . location sucks so i gave it a 3 star . food is very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chef here has is better than average . i ordered the steamed red snapper . excellently prepared ! rice and peas is a bit bland . also had a side of jerk chicken as an appetizer : best i had in charlotte . my side of plantains was made fresh-to-order . delicious ! i will have to come back to try some other dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food here , you do n't come here for the decor . call ahead and order what you need and be on your way is the best experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm originally from ny ... i would say the rice was just 'ok ' but the oxtails and curry chicken made up for it . the service was somewhat slow and you must step up to the plate to get things moving . i tried other jamaican restaurants on the other side of charlotte by university , one of which was pretty good called carib hut.. however the portions you get here is actually reasonable compared to others . overall a good place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is delicious ! everyone has to give it a try . we ordered the jerk chicken and curry chicken and it was delicious . i told the waitress that i will go back again . their jamaican sodas , beef and chicken patties are very delicious . the service is very friendly and great music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no better place for caribbean food in charlotte . great food , prices and people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a must try . a little high for a lunch special ( $ 11 for curry goat ) . but they offer plenty of food and it taste amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i believe the name is now caribbean hut . we had the jerk chicken and the oxtail and both were outstanding ! if you 're in a hurry , this is not the place for you . we were there for lunch and there were 5 other diners already served and 2 people waiting for carryout orders . it took 15 minutes for our order to be taken , another 15 for the food to come and we had to go to the bar to get our check . very inattentive staff !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place that was really good because i miss the place i always went to in philly . we order take out . i had the curry goat and oxtails with mac n cheese , rice and beans it was really good . im trying to go back today .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good authentic flavors ! but watch out for bones . i had the goat curry and really enjoyed it ! i also tried the jerk chicken - good flavors !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm in love with the jerk chicken , mac and cheese , and cabbage ! ! ! awsome flavors all on the same plate ! i 've been here a few times and the name has changed . it was island paradise and it 's now caribbean hut . you have to try the jerk chicken it 's mandatory !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is soooo good , the service not so much . they need to hire some help . i got the curry chicken , plantains , coco bread and a beef patty . i had plenty left for lunch the next day . try the lime tea !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nested inside the seediest parking lot strip mall i 've ever been in is this little place which makes mad decent food . we got it to go because we were going to tailgate on the other side of the parking lot ( acc championship ) and it was quick and hot and yummy . bbq jerk chicken plate , plantains , meat pies , bread . all good ! one of the more intriguing eating options within reasonable walking distance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the vegetarian combo mixed with a beef dish . it was excellent , good for sharing and more that we could eat . nice presentation , fast service and a decent price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give these guys a 3.5 overall . if i was to rate just the coffee and or coffee ceremony i would totally give it a five . once it started to get busy it was hard to get a waitress for service ... although they are all very nice and sweet . the was great too , but i prefer their competitor across the street ! i would totally check this place out again ... great for coffee with friends !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was amazing , wait was a bit long but service was great . had the doro wat ( chicken ) and veggies everything was delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading all the raving reviews i was excited to try this place but alas it was a disappointment . we were seated promptly . the service was good and we placed our orders quickly . i think it was just that the food did not match my expectations . i was expecting to see the pierogies stuffed with the fancy fillings instead of them just being dumped on top . i tried the porky pig and it was ok . nothing to write home about . the wild mushroom and truffle oil was a letdown . you could n't even smell the truffle oil . the portions are also a bit on the smaller side . overall the food seems a little overpriced for what it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered from loaded pierogi off uber eats , a $ 13 dish and it came with 4 un-cooked pierogies . raw dough . disgusting ! what kind of service is this ? there are 8 maybe 9 pierogis and half are uncooked ? how do you even do that ? very disappointing , will not be recommending this to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've gotten takeout from loaded pierogi twice , both times the `` kicking kimchi '' option . the first time around , i was a bit nervous . . . one would not think that korean flavours would go well with pierogies , but they do ! i have to say , i 'm surprised at the number of reviewers who seem to expect the pierogies to be `` filled '' with their `` topping '' selection . i make pierogies from scratch at home on occasion , and i can say for certain that there is no way the loaded pierogi would be able to offer pierogies at the price points they do if they had to make individual batches for all of the `` flavours '' they offer . some people also comment on the value for money . i work in the area , and $ 10+ for a similar amount and quality of food is quite common . all in all , great option for the st. lawrence market area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awsome experience . excellent food . great atmosphere . i really ca n't say i 've ever had a craving for pierogies . after dining here twice , i 'm hooked . the great people and unique flavours make this place worth visiting . it 's good value for money and you 'll leave stuffed . the flavour combination are really unique and tasty . the place is very comfortable and service is friendly . what 's holding you back ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favourite source of comfort food . i want to go back and try all the pierogi variations ! everything is pretty well designed , good cozy atmosphere and the portions were perfect . great for a casual date night . we got the donald duck and and the kicking kimchi , both of which were very delicious , a warm hug on a cold day . will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure if this restaurant has a food truck , but they should . their concept is simple , delicious , inventive and completely new canadian . their restaurant is small but their menu is endless and i wish i could have ordered one of everything . my husband got the buffalo chicken and i got the miss piggy ( because any sweet savory combo is a no brainer for me ) . each flavor was distinct and the pierogis were cooked to perfection . we were even able to get a small side order plain for the kiddo and he loved them . the restaurant fills up quick and i recommend if you have a little one going earlier rather than later since it has a hipper bar vibe at night . totally happy i found this gem and definitely worth the walk from our hotel !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in buffalo , i know what real polish pierogi are and this place does not have them . however , it is still very good . we went here during one of our monthly trips to toronto and although different , we were still impressed . i had mined topped with crab and lobster , delicious . my partner had the miss . piggy , also very good . if your from the us and used to the traditional perogi saut\u00e9ed in in butter , onion and garlic , these might seam different . they are deep-fried and there for they are a little crunchy . you also have the option of having them boiled , healthier , i 'm sure but probably no where near as good . this place is small , cozy and cheap . you get 8 little perogi topped for $ 8- $ 12 bucks . our waiter was , friendly and the service was quick . this is a great little lunch spot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great but deceiving name , the pirogies are n't filled.. i got the buffalo chicken , it was amazing . i will definitely be going back to try other kinds of pirogies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding ... . ! truly unique ! excellent ! went with a groupon , did n't know exactly what to expect . service , food , atmosphere , all a 10 ! i had the truffle mushroom pierogies , loaded with goat cheese , mushrooms , etc . awesome . friend had the confit duck , also excellent ! staweberry chocolate sauce dessert pierogies were outstanding . servers were fantastic , staff in general terrific ! will definitely be back ! please open a location in south etobicoke soon ! huge eastern european community , more space , cheaper rent , etc ... .. please ? how about on the queensway ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you love pierogi ? do you love poutine ? if you said yes to either of those , you 're going to love this -- especially because these guys combine those two ideas together to create just pure taste bud exciting dishes . my recommendation is to get the pierogi half and half ( half boiled , half fried ) . i had the buffalo chicken , which was phenomenal , but i would recommend getting something else as the buffalo chicken sauce does become a little too much towards the end . if you are going with a partner or some friends , it may be best to share a few different dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked the bbq philly cheese steak sauce but i also enjoyed the simplicity of the surf & turf . the steak was sliced and i enjoyed the pieces of crab that were in the pile of pierogis . i thought we would get full really fast considering there were a lot of carbs on the table , but we managed to finish all of this and still have comfortable room in our stomachs for dessert !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had came here with a friend for a quick lunch . i ordered the buffalo chicken and he had ordered the mushroom truffle . buffalo chicken - the pierogis themselves were not bad . the sauce on the buffalo chicken was a bit heavy and salty . even eating it with the potatoes , i felt it was overwhelming at times . mushroom truffle - i had asked my friend how he enjoyed his dish . it was basically the exact opposite of my experience . he thought the mushroom truffle was quite bland and the sauce was too light . he thought it was quite average to say the least . to be completely honest , i probably would not come back again as there are definitely better choices around the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the absolute best ! they make the tastiest meals . i ordered the `` surf and turf pierogi '' it was so delicious , i had to order a second plate and a to-go . do n't blame me , i 'm sucker for food . also , the service and ambiance was really good . i would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great concept if you 're into food truck street food fare . but if you 're a pierogi purist , stay away . the basic boiled pierogi with potato and cheese is a good safe bet . but although the other loaded options are enticing , i find they miss the mark . do n't expect the pierogi to be stuffed with exotic flavours , but rather topped with them . so the pierogi itself is plain and either boiled or deep fried and then the rest of the ingredients are placed on top . i tried the buffalo chicken and got the pierogies deep fried as per the server 's recommendation . i discovered deep fried pierogies are definitely not my thing ! i 'm open to unconventional preparations of culinary classics , but have to say they do not do the pierogi any favours . sorry loaded pierogi , really wanted to love this enough to become a regular .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had better is basically how i 'd sum up my experience . i went in with the excitement of eating at a pierogi restaurant , and my excitement was dashed pretty quickly when the waitress could n't be bothered to leave her conversation to seat me , instead just waving me off . i also was not worthy of being served water until my friend showed up a little later . the food was ok , but not spectacular , and certainly no better than buying pre-made pierogis from the frozen food isle . i do n't think i 'll be back , i certainly do n't want to interrupt the waitstaff 's conversations after all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "greasy and lacking flavour , did n't find too much here of value with the exception that the food is very reasonably priced and service was friendly and efficient . had the philly cheesesteak pierogi . rather than loading up on cheese , it had an awkward sauce on it that did n't really jive with the rest of the dish . skimped on the bell peppers . that said , pricing is spot on and they have some great specials with beer pairings . just a tip -- cut down on grease and get your pierorgies steamed boiled . this was actually a much more flavourful option and made them taste less starchy overall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got take out from here , had the mushroom and truffle pierogis . service was quick and friendly , did n't have to wait too long for the food at all . pierogis were ok , i found the skin to either be over cooked or under cooked . you have the option of regular or fried . i would probably try the fried next time . filling was n't too dry . mushrooms that topped it were super delicious though ! overall i would say while the pierogis were decent , it does not offer value for your money . very interesting concept though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lots of flavour and many options to chose from ! my only complaint is that i can easily demolish one of their plates . not to say that every place i eat has to fill me up to the point where i 'm rolling out of the establishment , but for a place called the loaded pierogi , it 's not very loaded . still an awesome place and lots of flavour . definitely worth the visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg ! i have n't had a pierogi for a long time and this was as good as it gets ! we had the basic pierogi with classic sour cream and caramelized onions . delicious ! of course we followed it up with dessert ... .sweet polish style cheese filled fried pierogi dough ; sweet cooked apples and caramel covered the fried dough ... heaven ! and , they serve local beer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as others have mentioned it is great to see a place like this open . the space is quite cosy and comfortable but a little confusing as it shares an entryway with another establishment . the service was very friendly and that alone is worth a repeat visit . i had the porky pig and dessert pierogis , both fried . i will need to return to try the boiled version . i 'm no expert on pierogis but i enjoyed these . not as good as all the hype suggested , but totally decent . you should check them out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a great place and the food is tasty . i got a half-half , which is half traditional ( boiled ) and half crispy ( fried ) . got a groupon so it was a really good deal , but even without the price is not expensive at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pierogi 's were delicious . the service was outstanding- will be returning on my next cheat date : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was taken here for my birthday and was very impressed ! after an initial round of vodka tasting , i had butter chicken pierogis , while my wife had the pulled pork pierogis with a side of red-cabbage sauerkraut ( which she loved ! ) . i tried both and knew that loaded pierogi may become a regular stop on my ever-expanding collection of faves . having lived in saskatchewan for a time , i feel i know a good pierogi when i have one - these are very good ones !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will start by saying i was disappointed by the misleading `` loaded '' pierogi name . i was under the impression that the ingredients were stuffed into the pierogi themselves however they are simply places on top of them . regardless , the food was delicious . i ordered the philly cheese steak and was happy with it . did n't have a very `` american '' taste to it which i was disappointed by . the meat seemed to have been marinated in thai spices it seems . the restaurant is very tight and not much seating . if you do n't get a booth i could see how sitting on stools would be uncomfortable . disappointed considering it seems like a sit-down restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "generally good however pretty salty . also i do n't think the `` lobster and crab '' are actually the real thing . it tastes like the crab sticks made of some kind of processed fish . just a heads up ... i was pretty disappointed with that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love pierogi 's and i do n't get them very often . these were deelish ! i had the traditional , because i am a purist . if i lived in canada i would go all the time , but alas i 'm here in the u.s. of a and will have to settle for pierogiless eats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great , but food was n't wow me . i ordered 3 different pierogi and buffalo chicken was too dry and very small diced chicken .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small pierogi place with a diverse menu . the food , however , is just too heavy . maybe it 's just not for me but there was n't much on the menu that i liked . can someone really sit down and eat a meal exclusively of pierogi 's ? i feel like they should expand their menu slightly to offer a wider array of sides . i also might be a little biased because at the time we went the business next door was painting so the entire restaurant stunk of paint . good luck to the owners but i do n't think i 'll be repeating .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was so good ! the service was quick and efficient and everyone loved their meals . the peirogies are perfect and so are the toppings . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crispy perogies with interesting sides on top , like butter chicken and mushroom truffle . the food selection is limited though and in my opinion do n't go that well with perogies . on the plus side , the restaurant has a cool feel and service was fairly quick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pierogi 's were great and reasonably priced . the reminded me of the ones that i would eat as a kid but with a new twist . leave room for the desert pierogi 's . you 'll be happy that you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great concept with very unique flavour pairings . my friend and i shared the mushroom pierogi 's and the classic . both were absolutely delicious . my friend is a vegetarian , but i was able to get a side of bacon to add to mine . the service was friendly . before coming i did n't realize that this was a bar as well , but that 's always a plus . love that you can choose between boiled and fried . a couple of suggestions : 1 . have a few other things on the menu if someone in the group does n't want pierogi 's . my friend and i shared two plates and we could have eaten a bit more ( like a side salad or something ) , but another full plate of pierogi 's would be too much . 2 . have some tasters or samplers - i 've never worked in a kitchen , so this may be too difficult but it would have been nice to sample a pierogi from a couple of the types before i ordered a full plate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here from buffalo ( a big polish city with lots of pierogi restaurants ) looking to try out this new concept . it 's next to a restaurant called hank's- make sure you take the door to the left , as hank 's signage is more prominent . my grandma ordered the thai ginger steak pierogi and i got the kickin ' kimchi pierogi . the classic boiled pierogi , as the waitress recommended , were the best- absolutely fantastic texture , better than anything in buffalo . the toppings went really well with the pierogi , somewhat more than you 'd expect . the steak was sort of hard to eat in a compact bite but was tasty , while the kimchi was mild and incredible . the pierogis served to add a really nice texture and a platform for the other flavors . this is a really cool restaurant concept and i 'm excited to have been able to try it- hope it succeeds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the buffalo chicken pierogi dish and friend had the wild mushroom & truffle pierogi dish . buffalo chicken was okay , the chicken was `` freezer chicken '' as i like to call it ( pre made and dumped in a fryer ) and had been overlooked in this instance so it was just dry and chewy . friend says hers was good but nothing extraordinary . pierogies themselves were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i personally was disappointed with my experience . service was slow on a sunday night . i got the perogies with bacon and sauerkraut , half boiled half fried . nothing special and the boiled ones did n't seem fully cooked . not sure i 'll return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "place to be if you love pierogis ! so many to choose from ! very trendy and stylish d\u00e9cor and has great atmosphere and great food . cant wait to come back when i am in the neighborhood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the truffle mushroom and butter chicken . both were tasty and got the half boiled half fried . preferred the chewiness of the boiled but definitely order fried if you order a dessert dish . ca n't wait to try others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard about the restaurant and thought i would give it a try . i ordered the buffalo chicken and i must say it did not disappoint . i am definitely coming back and i recommend it to anyone who loves pierogies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a little difficult to find , being tucked away and sharing space with another restaurant . but its well worth the time and money if you need a pierogi fix . they serve a pretty wide range of pierogis and other things to spice up the flavor . i had the pierogis served with duck . the duck was tasty and crispy and the pierogis were just ok. my main complaints about the pierogis here are founded in their cooking style and how doughy they feel . they have 2 options for cooking your pierogis : boiled or deep fried . the traditional way i have seen it was boiled and lightly fried in butter . the solely boiled method just felt unfinished to me . maybe because i was expecting it to be cooked in the more traditional sense , it seemed to be a bit heavy on the dough side . and lastly , the beer selection is pretty limited , but at least its fairly cheap ( $ 5-6 glass ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "purchased a groupon to receive a drink , meal ( under $ 15- which most options were ) and dessert . when we arrived we had to wait maybe 10 minutes which was not a big deal . we were eventually seated but it took quite awhile to get served . all was forgotten once we received our meal . i have the 'bbq philly cheese steak ' and my spouse had the ' bacon saverkraut & oh ya bacon ' - both tasted great . no one checked to see how the meals was but maybe because we inhaled it . would come back and recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for late lunch on sunday . the place had plenty of seats , probably because it was around 2pm . lots of light and friendly service . i ordered the donald duck ( $ 16 ) - half and half ( half crispy and half boiled ) perogies . the dish came with roasted duck leg and 8-10 perogies ( not sure how many there were exactly as i did not count ) . there were plenty of other options too as well as daily specials ( that included a pint of beer and perogies for approx $ 15 ) - we thought the specials was a good deal but we did not like the option of the day so we did n't get that . the perogies were in good portion and very filling . a bit heavy must i say , but that is because of the nature of the perogies being very carb-heavy as well as the sauce . overall had a good experience here and i would come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had no problem getting in on a saturday at lunch because everyone wanted brunch next door at hank 's . amazing pierogis ! it did n't seem like a lot of food , but it filled us to the top ! my bf got the smoke pig roast ( with boiled pierogis - her prefers boiled ) - it was a mixture of pork ( sausage , bits , pulled ) . i got ms.piggy ( with fried pierogis ) - apple bbq pulled pork w goat cheese . you ca n't have pierogies with a heaping mound of sour cream !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a friday evening after work . there are 3 or 4 big booths and then some smaller tables . the service was good and the pierogis were really good ! i tried the mushroom and truffle oil ones and i would definitely have them again . also had 2 pints of their beer on tap . everything tasted good and was reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very tasty ! shared the full-on pork one ( fried ) and mushroom ( boiled ) with a friend . a good combo , tasty and surprisingly light ! ! you do n't roll out the door feeling ill like with regular poutine", "score": "4"}
{"review": "soul food ? i think not . anyway i ordered the buffalo chicken perogies , half fried half boiled . i thought the chicken was decent but the perogies were n't anythng special . they were the typical north american thick dough grocery store variety . the filling was a potato base ... was n't great tasting but was n't bad . my fianc\u00e9e ordered the philly cheese steak half and half , and said that she encountered a lot of gristle in the little bit of beef she did get . maybe i 'm spoiled by the real perogies that her babcia makes , and if you 've ever had real home made polish perogies you 'll know what i mean when you compare them to loaded perogies , but if you have n't you 'll probably enjoy this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super good pierogi ! i make my own so i like to make comparisons . not sure of they make in house or purchase from a supplier , but they are good and consistent : dough is light but not thin or brittle . possibly a sour cream and butter based dough . potato filling is fluffy , not heavy , guessing they are a yukon , red potato blend . the plating with toppings are fantastically paired well . i do not have a stomach to get down 3 plates but the breakfast and cabbage patch were really good ! most popular i was told was the buffalo chicken . maybe i missed out , but overall liked my selections ! will visit again and would recommend to anyone looking for a fill-your-tummy meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went with a groupon and so it is a good experience to try out the pierogi . the groupon includes 2 drinks of $ 10 each . if you do n't drink it makes not much difference to use groupon or not . food is quite affordable at around $ 15 . cocktail is expensive at around $ 10 each . and they charge tax on how much you eat and so i have to pay more tax . many restaurants only charge tax on how much you paid for the groupon . another thing i do n't like is that they do n't take reservation . i was worrying that i may not be able to get a seat at sunday dinner time . but when i stepped in the restaurant is almost empty . there are a few people ordering take out though . another thing i do n't like is that the meat portion is too small although it is tasteful . i order the lobster pierogi and i can hardly find any lobster in it . in other words the entree are really only worth $ 15 but no more than that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we ordered a mix of fried and boiled pierogies based on our server 's recommendation . our favorites were the cabbage patch kid and the ms piggy , we also had the porky pig and the donald duck . it was saturday night so it included a beer ! we had dinner here before walking over to the air canada center for a hockey game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious and fluffy perogies topped with tons of different meaty options ! where have you been all my life ? i have never visited the location , only ordered delivery . they travel well and are now part of my usual ordering spots . loses 1 star due to slightly small serving size .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this gem while on a trip to toronto and introduced my two friends to pierogi 's . great first experience for them and the daily special is a of the butter chicken with beer was fabulous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loaded pierogi was at the artisan food market at harbourfront on the weekend . so i tried their butter chicken pierogies ( $ 8 ) . they were ok . it was basically plain pierogies with just potatoes inside . and a little bit of butter chicken with sauce on top . wished there was a different filling inside to make it more interesting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a groupon to try this place out . the perogies were just ok and the atmosphere is a bar . went on a friday night at peak dinner time and did n't need to wait to be seated ( first warning ) . i had the mushroom which tasted ok. my husband had pulled pork which he said was weak . a dessert was thrown in and we had strawberry and chocolate . it was a hideous dessert almost not edible . everything tasted very processed , like a fast food joint . it reminded us of a fancy frank 's for perogies . i dislike fast food , so unless that 's what you are expecting , i would stay away . the regular prices are steep for the quality of food . my husband felt hungry after the dinner portion but there was nothing else on the menu to buy - no app options . i am surprised at all the good reviews for this place . i hoped it would be a lot better and will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food was great ! the service ... not so much . our waitress appeared to be half asleep , did not offer to take a drink order , did not check in with us after we got our food , then proceeded to ignore us when a bunch of her friends came in to eat . she took our plates away but did n't offer to bring the bill . she leaned on the table beside us and spoke to her friends until we motioned for the bill . needless to say , she did n't get a tip . the buffalo chicken perogies were very yummy and i would return to try something different as a lot of the options sounded great . hopefully there is more attentive wait staff on the next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "4 stars for the taste of the food and the portion size . i went here to eat without knowing what pierogi was . i found out i liked them . the pierogi taste good , the portion ( 8pieces ) is also good and the topping ( i got chicken with avocado ) was sublime . the little pieces of chicken were seriously one of the best i 've tasted . i did however think that all the toppings are heavy , protein-based . this costs them 1 star . i would 've liked more light topping choices like veggies or herbs or something . the now existing menu made me feel like i was in a guy 's restaurant . perhaps i was .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "interesting options and good , but limited , beer options . the perogies are available seep fried or boiled . all topics are placed on top of the perogies , so every order starts with the same basic potato and cheese perogies . our waiter told us that loaded perogies actually buys these from some family in mississauga that hand makes them although i 'm not sure how that would be possible based on the popularity of this place . they offer dessert verified which are filled with a light sweetened cheese , but i have n't tried these . overall a good place to eat when the nearby pub grub wo n't cut it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mass produced pierogi that were freezer burned and dry . you would think that the toppings would help moisten them but no such luck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yes yes yes ! the only thing is that its a bit pricey for the portion . but i ordered two different kinds and they were both delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . nice place , fast , and the vodka flight is a good option . go with the tag , dillon , and loon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool place , after spending a nice weekend downtown wanted to check this place out because i 'm polish and love my perogies . it 's an awesome spin on these traditional and simple dish . it 's like having a poutine with all your favourite toppings on it . very creative and interesting . only thing missing in my opinion is the perogies themselves with only have cheddar cheese in the inside which can get a bit boring , because in my opinion meat perogies on the inside are 10x better ! ! ! bigger perogies and fresh homemade ones would make this place my favourite resto in the world but there always room for improvement ! ! ! i like this place a lot for a simple brunch in toronto , try it out", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great concept and this little place delivers . great flavour combinations , fast and friendly service and some fun beers . my wife had the porky pig which was delicious . i had the bacon , sauerkraut and oh yeah , bacon '' with two types of bacon , beautiful crisp lardons , cheddar cheese and a truly excellent house made sauerkraut which beautifully enhanced the other ingredients without overwhelming . four out of five only because it would be good if they had anything green to accompany - even if just a couple of different simple salads . will definitely go back next time in toronto !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved it ! the place is very small but cozy . baba 's classic perogies are the best ! will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to the queen and niagara location . i did a mix of the boiled and fried . both were delicious , although the fried were better just cuz they were fried . the service and drink selection was really good . the only feedback is they need to put in a curtain or something to keep the cold air out . with two doors in a small location anytime someone comes in or out you get a chill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should 've looked at pictures . loaded pierogi means that the pierogis are the same , except the toppings are different ... rather than they are stuffed with the ingredients they mentioned . the food was decent , but nothing spectacular . just a good hearty plate of food , something i would particularly enjoy after a night out . the plate looks fairly small , but its heavy . you 'll realize why quickly after finishing it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good , but extremely decadent food . i love richness , but this was too much even for me . also seems rather overpriced for the amount of perogies they give you- you can get twelve handmade down the street for 5.50 $ at the st. lawrence . `` pretty yummy hipster food- but not particularly skillful '' is my verdict !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the kimchi entree and thought it was delicious . the portions were quite filling as i could barely finish and the choices were amazing . the service was excellent and the food came promptly . i would come back to try the other dishes and the dessert pierogis . definitely recommend this restaurant", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came to the restaurant to find that it was closed without a sign or message stating why . stop by on a thursday at 645 pm . called the alternate location and they did n't even know it was closed ... so confused and disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was so happy with my experience here . me and my boyfriend were just browsing around when we walked in here . i have done henna many times before but i will admit this is one of my best experiences . i mentioned i wanted an original price and explained only a couple of things o was interested in . beth immediately had an idea in mind and said she would do it no problem . she was very understanding , nice , professional , and had an all around good vibe ( which i enjoyed ) . she created an absolutely amazing one of a kind piece on me which i very much love and enjoy in an amazing 15 minute period . i will be coming back to this location again when i am in town next . if you are looking for good henna and good company , this is the place to go . ask for beth i included a picture of the initial henna , and then one from the next morning . so beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did such a good job and it 's such a good price ! ! i got my henna done by jessica and she did so good . they are so friendly too ! i 'm definitely going back to get more henna done soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hoping this is the henna shop in the fashion square mall across from the mac store ! ! if it is then i give it five stars . the store is immaculate and has amazing clothes for festivals or every day wear ! the threading is amazing i always ( and only go to ) thelma ! ! ! i have not gotten a henna tattoo yet , but i am in the near future ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first henna experience was awesome ! beth was super friendly and explained everything well . there were 6 of us and they accommodated us with no problems . 3 of us even let beth do freehand and the designs were beautiful ! i am from the east coast , but i will return the next time i 'm in town . the shop also had some beautiful clothing and jewelry priced very reasonable ! you must go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on valentin 's day abruptly with my man . it was great . kila was awesome and funny . we got along great and very interest to learn about her south african culture . she did some freestyle on my hand . i love it . the stain is really dark . i want moreeeee . they also have clothing , jewelry and accessories plus odds stuff like backpacks . all of it has a bohemian hippie vibe . my kind of style . i love this place . my new clothing shooing place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in at first to do a skin test and beth was really explanatory about any allergic reactions that could happen and gave me a tiny peace sign to see if i was allergic . i came back in about two hours very happy that i was feeling fine and asked to get a koi fish done . beth said i could pull out a picture on google and she got it done in like an hour because we were talking through it , she is so friendly and a delight ! i will definitely come again and bring girlfriends too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sally did a great job , friendly , creative , and fast , i 'll definitely be back . i got freestyle on my left hand , and a cuff on my right wrist", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a free little henna and a scorpio sign by jess . such an awesome personality and super nice . great store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool shop with relaxing vibes . pru was awesome for my first henna tattoo ! i decided to have her do a freestyle design and it turned out amazing . ca n't wait to come back for another one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love my henna tattoo ! ! my daughter and i had such a great experience ! ! what a cute store too ! will def recommend coming here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "april is amazing she is a really good artist . she can customize any henna you want on any part of your body ! she hand drew the entire henna and it turned out perfect . thanks april !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beth did such a great job on my henna.. such a nice lady and hold such great conversation . thank you beth i 'll be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pru was amazing and i love the henna she did . what a great eclectic store which there was in on las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter and i just received lovely henna tattoos from beth . her work is beautiful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience boho shopping in the store unique items made me feel like i was back in thailand and bali beth 's henna art was fabulous it received compliments all the way thru sky harbor airport and san francisco airport and home in mendocino california ca n't wait for my next trip to scottsdale so i can visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! beth did an amazing job with my henna i got a butterfly on my right shoulder blade and it came out beautiful . if that was the end i would have given 5 stars . unfortunately the henna did not stain properly . we followed the instructions to a tee and you ca n't even see the butterfly anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my bff and i made a mad dash through scottsdale before heading to the phoenix airport . big thanks to sally for hooking us up with two custom henna tattoos at the last minute . great artist , cool tunes , and a fun souvenir .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sally was the best ! we stopped in and had beautiful henna pieces at amazing prices . stop in and see sally . she is very talented . we will be back again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in to get henna tattoos while we were walking around old scottsdale . my friend and i had actually gotten henna the day before at a different place for the first time and our other friend wanted to get one done . this place was better by far it was more authentic and way better work and prices ! the only downfall was that there was only one artist working and at one point it got really hectic , but she even stayed late to finish all of ours ! i 'm from vegas but i will definitely be coming back to the henna shoppe . beth was awesome ! very friendly and talented ! thanks for the beautiful henna !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beth was absolutely amazing and really friendly when my girls wanted matching henna 's . she took the picture and was able to duplicate it perfectly on each of the girls . she is a great artist and was helpful and provided them with all of the follow up care and tips to make their henna last . we will definitely be back the next time we are in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i decided to make a pit stop to see how this whole henna thing works and we caught jess in the middle of finishing up a great piece of artwork on this teenagers arm and i was all for it ! i am so happy i did because jess did such an amazing job ! it looks amazing and i got a lot of compliments after i had left the shop ! thank you jess again ! i definitely enjoyed the time with you and the piece of artwork you did for me", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beth is amazing ! been here twice and i will be returning soon . such a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my 3 nieces who were visiting from the east coast for their spring break to get henna tattoos . they were very pleased with their hennas , and also loved the clothes , jewels and cool items the store had to offer . the staff were super attentive , prices were very fair and the girls ended up buying skirts , jewlery and gifts to bring back for their friends . we made an appointment ahead of time , which i 'm glad we did because it 's a busy little place . will definitely shop here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! we were n't sure of what to think when we first walked in , but we were welcomed right away . the women were so nice , especially zulma . she was so talented . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sally did a great job on our daughter 's henna tattoos ! she was great with the kids and everyone was happy . cute clothes are a plus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great shop ! ! there were four of us who got henna tattoos and hanna was wonderful ! she was patient and friendly and helpful . we will definitely return here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! stopped in while walking around old town scottsdale & so glad i did ! lydia was amazing with her threading skills & even went above & beyond to help me find a cute top to wear since what i packed for this trip was n't quite cool enough . if you like an earthy feel & want to get in touch with your inner flower child while experiencing great customer service , this is the place for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 17 year old daughter and i wanted to get henna tattoos . we spent such a great afternoon with beth and did n't want to leave . she 's remarkably sweet and talented . we really had a great time . my daughter had a picture of ganesh which beth was able to recreate and it looked phenomenal ! i loooove my palm henna tattoo . we will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for caite craddock , the new massage therapist at the agave center . having caite is a major asset for any business . i 've been a client of hers for about two years now and she 's fantastic . she 'll schedule appointments via text or email and she 's definitely from the `` no pain , no gain '' school of deep tissue massage . i spend most of my time at a computer screen , so i sometimes find myself counting the days between monthly visits to her ! give her a try -- she 'll work with you on payment or packages to make her services affordable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr paul and his team are top notch ! i 've been seeing him over the years and go out of my way to recommend people to him . a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. paul at agave chiropractic is fantastic . being a new patient , dr. paul took the time to explain everything to me as well as made me feel very comfortable . it was very obvious that he cares and only wants the best for his patients . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to many chiropractors over the years , and dr. paul is one of the great ones . he takes his time , you do n't feel rushed . for those who might be nervous about getting chiropractic adjustments , dr. paul is the man to see . he 's gentle , yet effective in his adjustments . when i 'm at my worst , i may only need 2-3 visits to correct my issues . i 'm grateful to have found such a talented chiropractor . he keeps me aligned so that i can keep doing the things i love -- hiking , training & living pain-free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. paul vanberkel and celicia are a dream team ! they really show you that they care about your treatment and making it fit easily into your schedule . they were both so helpful and friendly every time i visited there . i am very happy that i found dr. paul 's office , he truly helped me have a better understanding of what i was feeling and what the solutions were to fix it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to take the time to post a quick review , i purchased an air rifle from this store , i live in california , so this was placed over the phone , i had a very wonderful experience with this company , a great service rep by the name of darren helped me with the process of ordering , he took the time to answer my questions , and made sure i had everything i needed to make my shooting experience the best it could be , after placing my order , darren let me know when the gun would ship out and when i should expect the gun to arrive , and sure enough the gun came the exact day he said it would , the gun was packaged very well , and thanks to darren 's help and suggestions for my rifle , i had the best time shooting , i would do business again , this company provides great service and carries great products , thank you aoa for providing me a great gun and wonderful service , i look forward to doing business with you again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been dealing with robert and the guys at aoa for years and have always received excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been there twice now and both times i found the folks there to be patient , product -knowledgable and good to deal with . they have excellent inventory on hand and the best prices i 've found anywhere . i 'm glad i live ( somewhat ) nearby their location , but if i did n't , i would still make them my number one source for airguns and parts and accessories . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are incredible . a true class act . i stumbled into the store knowing nothing about airguns , and even though they cater to the high end segment of the industry ( this is obvious as soon as you walk in ) , they were extremely helpful , answering all of my questions , and being super patient with me . they did n't try to push anything on me , and we 're very professional . i recently had a warranty issue with an item i purchased , and they really went above and beyond to help me out . ca n't say enough about this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing the crew that works here . everyone that is behind the counter is a wealth of knowledge about the world of air guns . not to mention i found out a few other little goodies about them that i will share at a later date . if i was passing threw again this place is well worth the detour to reach and visit their showroom in person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took a pellet rifle here to see if i could get it serviced and they gave me some good advice and nice options . looked around while i was there and they have an excellent selection of high end airguns . not the kind of common stuff you see at the local sporting good store but serious high end air rifles . sales was very friendly , informative , and helpful . they know their stuff and have a great selection of airguns and accessories .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the greatest experience with airguns of arizona they were professional honest i was treated very well especially by darren the sales manager what great customer service thank you again and keep it up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did some research on airguns before i came in here and these are not your typical airguns . these are serious airguns and these guys know their stuff and guided me in the right direction . i ended up picking up a fx bobcat mkii . tons of fun to shoot around with the kids and they are super accurate . would highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lyndsay is absolutely amazing ! there 's never been a time that i did n't love my hair . the atmosphere is upbeat and the products they use are fantastic . only place to get your hair done in my opinion", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently bought a house in brookline , and i was looking for a quality salon close to our new home . salon atmosphere was wonderful and fit that hope exactly ! lyndsay colored my hair and laura cut it for me . all i can say is wow ! lyndsay got the color exactly how i wanted it , and laura did an awesome job with the cut . i brought in a picture reference for laura , and she was able to mold the idea to fit my face shape and hair texture . the price was affordable , and everyone there was just so pleasant . i will definitely be going back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so impressed by this salon . i went this salon because it was new to my neighborhood and i was no longer happy with my old salon . i have never felt more comfortable in a hair salon in my entire life . my experience was very enjoyable and the girls wendy , lyndsey , and laura was all such a breath of fresh air compared to the typical attitude filled salon that i have always known . salon atmosphere made me and my hair feel fantastic . i would recommend this salon to anyone in the area . five stars all the way ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great salon ! my hair turned out just how i wanted ! reasonably priced . friendly staff . james is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wendy did a great job on my manicure and i recently had my husband stop in for a haircut as well . so glad to have found a great salon so close to home , that does great work and is reasonably priced . yay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wendy and lyndsay are both so talented ! always love my hair when i leave the salon and they are very reasonably priced . their products are great & the salon is a fun environment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really sweet boutique salon . went with a friend for her trial wedding updo , and lindsay , one of the owners , worked magic with her hair . salon has an updated retro feel , with some of the original furnishings from the former salon that opened in the thirties . lindsay worked for framesi hair color and other high end salons before opening this -- lots of experience and passion for hair . reasonable prices for top notch service i booked with her before we left . i have been a hairstylist for 25 years so i really appreciate what she 's done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . had a really hard time finding the right salon when i moved to pittsburgh then lyndsey was recommended to me . she is absolutely amazing . she gets it perfect every time . i 've seen the other girl 's work too while i 've been there and they all do a lovely job . everyone is friendly and welcoming . they always have great deals going on too which is also a great perk . definitely highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gina atkinson is freaking amazing . i have dreamed of having my hair like this for years . make sure to book your appointment in advance . you have to send photos of your hair , and then inspiration photos . get to your appointment on time , and magic ... gina made my hair appoinment super fun . she 's so humble and so full of life . i am so happy with my hair color . love it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gina atkinson . the only name you should know to get your hair done . for years i 've gone to literally all the salons you can think of & wasted so much money on my hair and still never got the exact look i wanted . my younger sister recommended me to her and i decided to give it another try . a really cool thing with contacting gina , you actually get to message her directly : ) you can email or text her inspiration pictures and let her know exactly what you want . my end results were amazing ! i told her exactly what hairstyle & color i was looking for ( although i need to visit her again to get my color perfected ) and i 'm not kidding when i say i have never been so happy with my hair : ) i 'm so glad to have met her ! she 's so sweet & down to earth , and gorg btw ! here are pics of the inspiration & the 1st process ! ( requested an a-line bob cut with platinum blonde )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you only need to know one name ... brooke grose . she was positively wonderful ! i had been going to the same stylist for years and was very nervous about the switch . i had my eye on brooke 's work for months when i finally made the connection . i could n't be happier with my results . she is a true gem ! not only does she do stellar work but she was a blast to hang out with while my hair was processing . she 's a perfectionist and wo n't let you leave with anything less than perfect . i highly recommend her ! she also has an ig public page so you can see why she 's such a rockstar at what she does . ( www.instagram.com brookegrose_hair ) she books up quick though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brooke grose and bre morgan are the best stylist i have even used if you need you hair done call and ask for either one you will not be disappointed i promise you that .. there is nothing they ca n't do i also checked them out on instagram first lots of pic of there work ! i 'll put up a pic of mine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love sola salon ! i go to tammy at the grotto salon . she does a great job and i have been going to her since i moved her three years ago . the latest time i went for an ombre look with red and blonde . although my hair was n't able to go very blonde because my hair is so dark we were able to lighten in a lot and i love love love it ! i 'm glad i was n't able to go blonde because i love how the ends turned out . she also styled and curled it so i was ready to go out to dinner that night ! i recommend the grotto at sola salons to anyone who needs a haircut , up-do or dye job . tammy is awesome ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brooke grose is amazing ! i go to her for hair color , cuts and now hair extensions ! she is knowledgeable , professional and keeps me looking young . she knows what 's in and now and what looks good on you personally . she is always positive , happy and upbeat which makes my day so much better . i cant imagine letting anyone else touch my hair ! she always fits me to her schedule and she works later hours sometimes too . my hair feels amazing and her prices are reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw sheila in room 23 for a gel mani and deluxe pedi . i have to say i got what i paid for . saw it on groupon and took advantage of it . got my nails done friday afternoon and on saturday i had a chip toenail and today several of my nails on my hand is chipped . smh . she also did n't have a lot of colors available . i was a dark grey which she did n't have . she then asked me to look for another color . she even gave me samples to chose from but she also did n't have it available . very nice lady but the quality of work is not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love my stylists new spot ! ! julia o'neal ! i 've been going to her for 5 years ! told her today that i would follow her no matter where she goes ! ! today we did an ombre , cut , style ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my hair done by brittany sims @ head games studio . my color and highlights are the best they have ever looked . what a great salon . brittany was also very nice and helpful with suggesting other services that sola salons have to offer . thank you for making me beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got my hair cut by gina atkinson today and i could n't have dreamed of a better outcome ! ! she is very patient when i stumble through my explanation of how i want my hair cut . she offers ideas that work with my hair type and face ! she makes sure to check with me before she cuts to make sure i know what i 'm getting into ( i cut off about a foot of hair ) . she is always pleasant to talk to and can talk and cut at the same time , which is an amazing talent ! ! i would never go to anyone else ! it 's hard to find someone you trust , and i feel like i could trust gina blindfolded !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mena is the best hairstylist ever ! even on those days that i just have to get my hair cut , but do n't have a clue about what i want done , mena pulls a miracle out of her bag and i look fabulous ! ! ! she talked me out of my comfort zone when it came to dye colors and it turned out great ! if you want the best hair cut ever , just stop by room 9 and see mena ! you wo n't regret it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love ms mena ! my whole family only goes to ms mena for hair styling . my husband , mom and i really like our hair styles . ms mena is the best awesome hair stylist . i highly recommend to everyone . come and schedule your appointment , i promise you will definitely like your new hair cut . i 'm very happy with my hair cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gina atkinson is the best . i was totally against having my hair dyed as i have been dye free for over 7 years . i finally broke down and called gina and her work was absolutely amazing . i was blown away by how she really listened to what i wanted and was able to pull off the look i asked for . gina is also super patient and offers the best suggestions . i 'm very indecisive at times and can be a hairstylists worst nightmare . however , gina is always so calm and mellow and instantly puts me at ease . love my hairstylist ! thank-you gina for being so awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hi , as i 'm doing my hair tonight , getting ready to work , i realized how much i love my hair , thanks to stella , at sola salon . she put something called oliplex in it , and it is soooo soft , and even my husband says it looks so much healthier , and that i should get that done all the time . stella was very sweet and knowledgeable , and i love my new cut and the color is fantastic ! ! i really think she did one of the best jobs on my hair , i 've ever had , & i 've been getting highlights for a long time . great to find her here on yelp , as i 've just moved here and it is hard to trust someone new to something that 's important to me like my hair . thanks stella ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we go to jimmy the barber inside of sola salon . he 's gives an amazing haircut every time . he 's really busy so try to book a week in advance . you will never leave disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sydney d is the best ! her salon is towards the back . go to her website and book an appointment with her . she takes walk ins also . she absolutely fixed my botched blond hair from a different salon . shes fantastic at color and her prices are super fair ! ! http : sydneyd.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so if there is ever anybody you 'd need a clone of , it would be your hair stylists so that they can be there at your home and just do your hair all the time . that is what i 'd love , is to just have a clone of josh in my house at all times : ) i 'd like to take this time to post a few pics of the cuts i 've gotten from hime over the years , enjoy ! and please , do go to him , he knows whassup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cant grade cards to save their life and cant seem to keep a decent inventory . would not waste time ordering from them if possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was exceptional . the staff were polite and very quick to serve . i walked in and was greeted immediately , so that really made my evening . work was hectic today , so that actually meant a lot ! i ordered the ultimate cheese gourmet burger w poutine and gf got 1lb of wings . the portion was good , perfect size for average eaters . i have n't been feeling well lately , so i almost passed out after having my meal . the wings were huge ! each piece was big , drum stick or wing . flavour was good , but not spectacular . 3.75 stars , round up to 4 ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while the food is not exactly mind blowing here , the service here makes up for everything . justin , the owner is probably the most personable guy there ever is . he makes an effort to get to know everyone and he takes the time to go around making conversation with everyone . you could tell that a lot of the clientele were people who are regular visitors and it 's likely because of his charisma . my parents are in love with this place but i 'm pretty sure it 's mainly that they 're in love with justin - although they love the food here too . overall , it 's a good place to hang out and a place that i would come back to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing burgers ! tried the blue cheese burger and it blew my mind ! so tasty . i was looking for handmade patties and that 's exactly what they offered . great service . friendly staff . lots of smiles . good beer and wine selection . nice clean atmosphere . feels like you 're stepping into a whole different world when you come in . you forget it is right near a gas station !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unhappy servers , overpriced food with long wait times . ca n't really comment on food quality - gave up on my salad after half an hour- paid my drink tab and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the wings were n't that good this time - under seasoned . the amount of waffle fries we got with our order of 4 lb wings was sad . it 's basically the same amount as a single order . they charged us for extra ranch and blue cheese that we ordered , which i understand places charge for that but they did n't even mention it . another thing ... which does n't exactly speak to the establishment so much as it does to the patrons : i was there with my family . we are asian , and as we were leaving the last that group of customers said , `` tai pan tours is leaving now ! '' it was just a racist comment that was completely unnecessary and makes me not want to visit this establishment again . not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped by for lunch and ordered a fish sandwich , i immediately regretted after taking my first few bites , i should have gone with a burger . the sandwich was n't terrible , but there was too much bun for having something as delicate as fish in the middle of it . i found the type of bread just made it a really dry sandwich . perhaps slices of a bread instead of using a bun might have helped the carb to fish ratio . the fries are crazy addictive and service is just ok . did n't experience anything spectacular or worth commending like some of the other reviews on here . i would come back though and perhaps give dinner a go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was good . just ordered chicken wings because i was still full from lunch . good size wings . everyone else at my table demolished what they ordered , so the other items on the menu must be good ! food portions were to my liking . service was great . if i lived in the area i 'd probably come here all the time . not much parking available , but i was lucky to get the last spot as i pulled in . i will return if in the area , probably for lunch . cause driving up 9th line where there are no road lights at night creeps me out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was a great finding . the food was really good . we ordered the wings and the meat lover like pizza and they both were very tasty . the wings are pretty big too . the rest of the menu looked really good too . i would for sure go back to try other things on the menu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is like my 4th time back and this is place is a hidden jem . everyone 's hella friendly and there food is so good . the owner has worked in basically all the restaurants ( jack astors , pickle barrel , etc ) and combined all of them together . i recommend the gyoza , spinach dip , and the pulled pork pouting for the appetizers ! but i really need to try the desserts the next time i go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant has an interesting fusion dishes of pub food and korean . i got a delicious seoul poutine which was a mix of bulgogi beef , kimchi and cheese curds on a bed of crispy fries . the spicy burger was filling and comes with a side salad or hash fries . this restaurant was a short drive from markham and was pretty busy for the friday evening . the owner was super friendly and came over to chat . i 'd definitely like to go back and try other items on their menu like their pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small , cute location in stouffville - friendly service and menu full of choice . i ordered the seoul poutine ( soooo gooddddd 5 5 ) and the new yorker burger with onion rings ( ditto ! 5 5 ) . friends ordered the coconut shrimp ( huge and so tasty ! ) , the spicy ? pizza ( size small is a very big `` small '' ) and though i didnt try it , the consensus at the table was that it was also delicious . i ca n't wait to come back and try more things ! parking is in issue and be prepared for a wait on a friday or saturday night dinner but food-wise , a definite recommendation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhh ... king 's landing , the king of wings as i like to say . whenever i 'm going to king 's landing , i am always going to order 2lb of heavenly wings . even though there is a small selection of flavours for wings , the majority of the flavours either hold their ground or excel in taste when comparing to an average batch of chicken wings . honey garlic in my opinion being the best flavour , they add just enough sauce and crunch to really bring out such an appealing taste . do n't get me started on the half price upgrade for waffle fries on wing night . not too many places offer waffle fries but dam ... this place did it right ! the service can be slow sometimes , but they will always come to your aid and check if you ever need anything . the owner of the restaurant is very friendly and will always be willing to chat and make you feel comfortable and welcomed . king 's landing is a must-have by being one of the best places to eat in stouffville !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my to go place for wings in town . service is always great and food is always fantastic . i love the honey garlic wings and the seoul fries . they have a wings special on tuesdays but i would come here any day for wings . highly recommend kings landing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since kings opened , its instantly been the best restaurant in stouffville food is quick to be delivered . pickup available . i would recommend the chicken wraps . almost impossible to get a spot on the weekend or any day around dinner time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am still thinking about the burger with portobello mushroom and thick slice of brie cheese i consumed here on friday . i had fries as my side . my burger was ... ohh delish ! ! my friend had a burger with blue cheese and caramelized onions . she had a garden salad as her side . we took our time eating as the portion was quite large . as we sat chatting the place filled right up . people were lined up to get in by 6:30 . when a local place is that jam packed you know its a winner ! ! huge fan i will be back for sure ! ! my advice to you is to arrive at around 5:00 to get a seat . service is very friendly restaurant is very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great , the service is amazing , and the prices are reasonable . this is , by far , one of the best restaurants in stouffville . my wife and i have quickly become regulars and recommend it every chance we get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little spot , very friendly owner , always happy with food & very well priced . just wish this place was a bit bigger , getting a table can be hit or miss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time visiting the king 's landing and i was pleasantly surprised . we came for the wings night - half off wings and you do n't even have to purchase a beverage to get the deal ! wings were pretty good and decent sized . they even have waffle fries which are my fave and very hard to find . the owner was very friendly and took the time to check on us and chat . finally a good place to eat in stouffville !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped by the king 's landing to watch nhl final game , so this review is based on more sport bar experience than the food . beer selection does need improvement . if boston pizza in the area can have falcon ale from stouffville brewery on tap and tallboys , i do expect a little more from the king 's landing . we ended up ordering rickard 's red and shock top . there are quite a few hdtv so not a bad place to catch any games . i probably will be back again and try the bulgogi burger next time !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best gastro pub in the area in my opinion . not a slight either . it 's beside the gas station and is a nice atmosphere for watching the game or grabbing a pint . try and get a booth", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been here many times but were especially impressed today ! the owner is always present , always making sure everyone is happy and served . today , it was my fianc\u00e9es birthday and we asked for a picture . he took a lovely picture and after we were done our meal brought out a delicious dessert with a candle free of charge for him ! it was an extra step that made us feel really special . oh and all the food is great . we especially love the pizza . very thin crust , made to order with generous toppings . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality food and service with a variety of unique items and great grilled juicy homemade burgers and fries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i signed up for the e-club and they sent me a free entree for my birthday ! ! i love free stuff ! last time i went here i tried the burgers-not real impressive , so this time i asked the waitress to suggest the best thing . ribs ! `` that 's what she said '' so i got the full rack of st louis style ribs with sweet corn casserole & loaded baked potato . the restaurant was fairly slow with 4-5 customers so the food came out fast and the service was adequate . they have a large lcd tv on the wall so i was able to enjoy the mnf game and the food was really good . not real bbq but the meat was tender , the sauces were all good . the baked potato was great & so was the casserole ( just not enough of it ) . be sure to take advantage of this offer and click on any image !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the 1st tony roma 's i had ever been to was in okinawa , japan of all places . after eating primarily asian food for 2 straight years , the ribs there tasted like heaven . both my wife and i were curious if it was just that particular dinner or if tony roma 's was really that good . it was definitely the former . not a terrible place but not that great either . i would go with memphis championship bbq any day of the week over this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "setting : if you 've been to a tony romas , the one in sahara is all the same . it has the normal restaurant look ... nothing too special . food : i have n't had a bad experience in a tony romas yet . the ribs were their usual good self . i suggest ordering ribs with original sauce , then ask for all the other sauces on the side ... then dip and dip and dip . yum ! service : our waiter was cool , talkative , was joking around a few times . no complaints here . they were all nice folks . a couple of them came by to talk about the superbowl . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a fairly good option for lunch if you work downtown . it might take a little more than just an hour , so if you work at a place that is very stringent about time , be warned . it 's pretty standard american fare - burgers , chicken dishes , pasta dishes , sandwiches , and some lunch-size portions of some of the dinner options ( like the filet medallions which i do recommend ) . prices are fair too . the service is usually really smooth . sometimes there is the need to remind a server for a beverage refill . parking can sometimes be problematic as the private lot is shared with some shops and another restaurant . all in all , a good option for lunch for those that work downtown .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i visited the restaurant during lunch hours and received the worst service . our server got all four orders incorrect . the filet medallions were either bloody rare or dry well done when asked to be cooked as medium . the fries were rock hard and inedible . our drinks were not refilled during our entire luncheon . the server was rude when i requested another steak that was cooked appropriately . he disappeared for 45minutes and sent the hostess to tend to our requests . i placed a to-go order at the same time we got our meals and when the to-go order came out i informed the server that the side salad was missing . he did not acknowledge what i said instead turned around in a rush to head back to his beloved kitchen cave . i must say i am not a restaurant diva by any means but when the service is this ridiculous a yelp review needs to be done : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the ribs are always good at tony roma 's . st. louis style of course , baby backs are for amateurs . do not forget to order the onion loaf because it is awesome . the sides are alright and the sauces pretty much taste the same to me , if you can not decide stick to the original . the service was just a bit below par . other than that , it is all about the ribs . 4 stars for the ribs . note : this was the location were lefty rosenthal got car bombed in the parking lot during the 80 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for starters , the host dis not even acknowledge us when we came in . she was just talking to another host the entire time we were standing in front . she didnt even have us follow her to where we would be seated . when we got to the table it was right in the middle of foot traffic ( kind of an awkward place to sit at ) . i really do not like being seated right smack in the middle of a restaurant where everyone seems to watch you eat . we had asked the host if we could have a booth and she said that she did not have any available at the moment . might i add that our table was right in front of a small kitchen area where they dumped all the plates and utensils , really not an appetizing view . food was alright . not mouthwatering at all : p", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a super cheap lunch menu . i 'm talking like $ 9 for a sirloin steak . my favorite menu item is the bbq brisket sandwich . the brisket is sometimes a little fatty ... but it is yum ! ( and it 's only $ 7.00 ) . and here is a fun fact if you go in on your birthday they give you a free bottle of bbq sauce and a coupon for a free onion loaf on your next visit . and speaking of onion loaf all i can say is yum . it is the best of all the fried onion apps out there . i have never been here at dinner or on the weekend . and the service is hit or miss . this is not an in and out in an hour place ( more like an hour and fifteen minutes kinda deal ) . but it is close to downtown and it is nice to change it up every once in a while .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a great meal : carolina honey sauce on the st louis or baby back ribs green beans loaded mashed potatoes get a half price lemon drop martini during happy hour ! service was great , too enjoying my leftovers today ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had such a great dinner and kory was our waitress . she rocked it for us . we had 6 or 7 of us . she worked with all of us and our separate checks . she offered us all of these yummy appetizers and even made us a special sort of thousand island dressing since they do n't actually have t.i . dressing . loved the desserts she recommended and the cocktails she recommended , too . we had a great family dinner and it was so amazing thanks to our server , kory .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in with a hungry party of 18 and left with an angry and even hungrier party of 18 . we were seated quick cause it was n't busy but we waited like 45 mins for only two appetizers then waited another hour for nothing ! the waiters never cared to take away our dishes , refill our waters , or even apologize for the wait and let us know our food would be a little while longer . instead of waiting longer because it was already 930pm we left and went to in n out for my uncle 's birthday dinner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while in las vegas for my dad 's wedding , we choose to eat at tony romas for the rehearsal dinner . good choice , i loved the baby back ribs , the variety of sauces , i really liked the seasoned french fries and there homemade coleslaw . the waitstaff was outstanding , we had a great time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to tony roma 's looking for some good bbq and ribs , but did not even have the opportunity to order our food . we were seated and told our waitress would be right with us . after 15 minutes of being ignored , with guests who arrived after us being seen to first , we decided that this was not the place for us to eat . the poor service and blatant disrespect we received that night was enough for us to never support this business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was horrible , i had never been before but had heard good things from a friend . my boyfriend asked me to have dinner with him here and i was pretty thrilled . long story short , this place is way overpriced for the food quality and service . i think going to applebees , tgif , outback , etc are way better and cheaper . every thing my boyfriend asked for as a side for his entree they were out of it , so he had to settle for other crap . come on now , the amount of things this place was out of was ridiculous ! it 's a restaurant . should n't they stock up ? it 's not like it was out of season , it was vegetables ! definitely will not be going here ever again and i do n't recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is not our usual tony 's but we were on this side of town so we tried it out . the food was good . we both had steak and they came out like we like them . my drink on the other hand was not great . the bartender left for the day & my waiter..who was very slow had to make it . eghh . he was annoying the crap out of my hubby with his lack of concern for us . we never got the bill so we `` guessed '' what what owed and dropped cash down & left . wont be coming back to this one again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite restaurant ever . get the carolina honey wings . i do n't care if you do n't get appetizers usually , i can pretty much guarantee this is the best appetizer you will have . heck get carolina honey anythings , and if you do n't live in vegas consider stocking up on sauce . i 'm not joking , carolina honey 's is addicting and you will go into withdrawal ... blue ridge smokey ribs are just , bam , rich and smokey . i also get carolina honey ribs too , just amazing . bread rocks ... there is a reason robert de niro eats here in the movie casino , and why the brand is world famous you ... . must ... . go ... : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came by for a quick dinner before going out . service was pretty good and the food came out pretty fast . portions are rather large for their moderate price range .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful campus ! i attended a wedding reception here , the reception hall is very nice ! my friend ( you know what i mean ) enjoyed some art classes here ! the campus has a romantic charm ! the architecture is historic ( i do not know styles , i would guess gothic , so that is my guess ) ! i have not yet heard of this place being haunted , yet if i were a ghost i could see visiting this place right before winter break to give the students something to look forward to coming back in the near year and give the faculty something to hope for a transfer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic adult degree program for all those who are thinking of furthing their education ! smaller classrooms and its working with family adults like yourself . most of the instructors have full time jobs and families , so they have a better understanding of the challenges you may be faced with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know , i think i was in a super-good mood when i wrote my first review . there are some weaknesses to this service , mainly the fact that you ca n't choose the items yourself . you have to rely on the buyers and pickers at the warehouse . sometimes the produce arrives in a state you did n't anticipate , like very unripe or smaller than you would expect , for example . if faced with this item in a store , you might pass on it . you have to measure this against the convenience of having it delivered to your door . having said that , anytime i 've been unhappy with something , they 've refunded me with no hesitation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been using this delivery service for almost a year now , and generally speaking i am pretty happy with it . i 've even developed a taste for kale and other veggies i likely would n't choose myself . for the price , i think it 's a decent deal . the quality of the items is n't always top notch , but considering it 's organic produces , i do n't expect to have completely unblemished apples . i 've had a few items arrive a little battered up . twice when i 've reported squashed bananas or rotten potatoes , i 've been offered a choice of replacement produce delivered with my next order with no questions asked and absolutely no hassle . and for the record , the delivery system is very reliable . i have never had a single problem with it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company is flexible , caring , and committed to bringing you the very best organic goods and produce . literally . right to your door . i do n't have to spend hours a week shopping for my produce . i have also become familiar with other great products due to their availability from fdo . we get our pasta , yogurt , kombucha , and other treats from them too . i can skip deliveries or change what i get by customizing the order . great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far so good , they have treated me well even while using a groupon which is rare . i will keep you posted on this place as the seasons change", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been with fdo for a year now and i love them ! . very good service , and produce . i get their organic baskets with veggies and fruits every week . there is an option where you may skip a date as well , in case you are away . will stick to them for as long as i can ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this service , a client had referred me and i havent been disappointed yet . all their fruits and vegetables are fresh and keep well for the week . i have had 3 deliveries and all with different produce . the delivery method is very convenient for me as i am a very busy person and dont have the time to run around the city to look for the best possible produce . i would highly recommend front door organics to anyone who cares about what they eat . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is open and nice . seating is comfortable wherever you sit . only problem was we sat at our table for 15 mins and i 'm not sure but there was nobody to wait on us . i figure we needed to go to one of the two bars to order drinks but noticed one bar had nobody there . we finally just left without ordering anything .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another year gone past and was back again for some food and gambling . it was latin night and a few folks were shaking their ample rumps learning meringue . they still serve free chips and three kinds of salsa ( pico was best ) . we also finally arrived on bbq night and i grabbed an open faced brisket sandwich with some bbq sauce for about 8 bucks that included a side . the meat was very tender , shredded and served on a garlic toast . knife and fork , but still very good meat , but the creamed corn needed more creaming . also sampled was a turkey club , but not sure if real turkey was used - it appeared deli style . still , great value on this menu and more things to try at some point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "trivia on tuesdays is great . if you are there to play and not eat do not expect the server to want to bring you soda or water . she will act like you do n't exist because she thinks she wo n't get a tip . when i take someone 's table for an extended period of time i tip them what they would get for about 3 tables . this was not the case for my waitress . i did n't give her a penny because she ignored me and seemed irritated that we were n't eating , most people are there for trivia night not to eat dinner . i got up to get my own drinks from the bar and ask for refills . her loss , could have made $ 30 for an hour and a half use of her table but instead she got nothing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service here is really bad . i asked what the soup was and the waiter said `` i do n't know i think they quit making it '' . it was only 6:45pm really ! we ordered quacamole it came out fast but had no flavor it might as well been just an avocado . ordered two margaritas and dinner . the dinner was better but service still sucked our drinks were almost done did n't ask if we wanted another . finally checked on us and then ask if we needed another drink . we were done eating at this point . i would find another place to spend you 're hard earned money this place is not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "street tacos were cold . they did n't even throw the tortillas on the grill . ordered ice tea at bar they actually squeezed the lemon in the drink ? . who does that ? then the bar tender did n't know what was on the street tacos . ok could have been new . tried ordering peach cobbler ala mode . she did n't know what i was talking about . i do not recommend this place or the place right infront . their idea of ala mode is just throwing ice cream on top . pie was ok but not warmed up with cold ice cream rate it a 4 maybe out of 10 . see this place off freeway keep going .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the nachos with carne beef for an extra $ 2 . very little beef and what i did find was dry . cheese was tasteless but guac and salsa were good . good service and the waiter brought out chips and mango salsa while we waited . my husband said his burger was good except the patty was thin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have a good happy hour most days . today we came in to watch some football and have a few drinks and snacks . order the green chilies stew if you get the chance , its delicious . today we also ordered the guacamole and chips . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to watch the ufc fight at the arizona room last night with my family and we all enjoyed the food , the comfortable seating , the nice staff ( manager checked on us two times ) and the prices were great for the taste and portion sizing . ca n't complain about yummy quesadillas and nachos for about $ 6 each . burgers were great , too ( my aunt and uncle said so ) . we ordered the sopapillas for dessert ( just ok ) and the churros with ice cream ( ok also ) . great place to watch sports on a big screen and eat and great food for a great value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "recent note : i no longer go to dosa dabar since they were red carded and closed for an insect infestation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there on the off chance that a small south indian restaurant knew how to make a proper masala dosa - and we were n't disappointed ! while the ambiance ( minimal decor and table prep ) left much to be desired , the attentive and polite waitress cashier hostess made up for it . we both ordered masala dosas and they came out huge and crispy and hot and delicious . the coconut chutney and sambar are very good . the potato filling inside is savoury and delectable . despite the appearance of the interior , you really ca n't beat the price and deliciousness of the dosas . will be coming back many times for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay ! one of the few ones that is still open and its close to my house . me and hubby always bike over here . we have made it a monday night thing to do . hopefully this one survives ... service is friendly and things are kept orderly . your typical blockbuster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seems to be a dying breed . the store next to my house closed so this is `` my '' new blockbuster . at least it is still open . i hate going to red box and do n't have the energy to figure out how to use my ps3 to stream movies . service is always good and folks are nice . not much more to say than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know where i 've been . i thought these were all closed . nothing is better than a stroll through the movie rental store . way better than red box huge selection of titles that i would never have realized were available . i will definately come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing italian old school italian bakery . i 've heard on my sports radio station ( 690 tsn ) conca d'oro advertising they have the `` voted '' best cannoli in montreal . they had some small samplers and i 'm no cannoli expert but it tasted pretty amazing to my taste buds . the cream filling was not too sweet and it was a good mix of dough and creamy white filling . cd also has an excellent selection of many cakes , tortes , macaroons and sweet tooth desserts . also are premise italian sauces and many other italian food treats . i noticed they also had a big selection of pre made pizzas that looks delicious . i picked up a few sweet items and enjoyed them all immensely . the downside of conca d'oro was the shop is setup in a round circular format and there is no real rhyme or reason to organization or numbered tickets called out when it got busy . i was able to get in and out fast however it was a bit chaotic inside . definitely need to come back and sample more delicious looking items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm here to praise a cake that has been in my birthday 's plate as long as i can remember . concan d'oro 's perle blanche is truely an epic cake", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered that place by chance and it turns out they 've been around for over 45 years ! ! ! they were actually voted best cannolis and tiramisu in montreal - they even have peanut butter cannolis , which i 'm dying to try . they have a great variety of square pizzas and i had the spinach-ricotta-mozzarella pizza and it was absolutely delicious - and i am very difficult when it comes to pizza . the service was also super friendly as well , owner diana is a doll . the only downside is that the space is small and there 's no tables to speak of , a few tables would be terrific , with food this good . it 's a bit on the east st-michel side but right next to d'iberville metro , so it 's fairly reachable . highly reccomended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 star i just love little cafe . los cafetaleros coffee roastery uses their own roasted beans making a wicked cortadito ( $ 2.50 ) , rich and aromatic . americano ( $ 2.25 ) single shot though a little weak , please let the barista know not to add too much water . love the armchairs facing college street as my yelp friend feels like one of those retired portuguese men . $ 10 lb for any beans till the end of october . and of course i could not resist a bargain . the owner is passionate about coffee and knowledgeable about their beans and products .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their new menu offers tacos , burritos , and quesadillas ! i tried the fish burrito and it was enormous and incredibly fresh and delicious . highly recommended ! at $ 10 , the burritos seem expensive , but i could only finish half and saved the rest for lunch the next day . i will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little spot on college . more and more food options being offered ( i saw a sign for fish tacos last week ! ) . i 've had empenadas a few times while walking by , and on the last occasion the thing was still very cold in the middle which sucked . it still tasted very good , and that is not the norm . i 'm a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best selection in the city but some of the most apathetic and standoffish salespeople ever . this guy in a metal shirt made me feel like an idiot and when i got away from him , the girls who were also working just stared at me until i asked for help . i left feeling like i wanted to cry . doing my research and going somewhere else next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "drove from mid town to get a bong . called before spoke to `` mike '' who seemed nice . park and walk in . some people are nice but there is no `` mike '' . not only is there no mike but the people there refused to help and try and charge $ 700 for a tiny owl shaped bong . boo . i 'm a native torontonian and this place is a pure joke .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you got ta love toronto for having a store like this right front and center on the busy yonge corridor . when i think hemp , i think of 70s hippies , but this is definitely not your typical hippy store . they sell a lot of really neat hemp products , such as clothes ( actually pretty nice things ) and hats , body lotions and creams , t-shirts . i tried one of their body lotions , i 'm not sure what it 's called , but it actually smelled surprisingly good . the main floor , although undeniably cool , the basement is where all the action is . you can buy seeds and soil to grow your own , they supply all the materials you 'll need ( yes including lights ) ... for $ 4000 you can buy an actual machine . it 's this big-ass time capsule like machine , which has the plants on the side panels of the doors . it looks kinda scary but cool nonetheless .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for the first time recently . it is bright , clean and well stocked . i would say if you want it then you will prob find it here and you will pay for it . i bought a grinder and when i got it home found i had paid double what i could have paid getting it from the manufacturer 's website . but this is canada and we always get shafted into paying more for stuff . need an elevator , i hate the stairs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to go here as a kid to by baggies and pipes . i honestly ca n't believe it 's still open . they would sell this awesome fake marihuana herbal stuff that would kill the lungs . i do n't know why .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not buy vaping stuff here ! ! ! you 've been warned . i made the mistake of trusting their employee with my first venture into vaping and vastly overspent for what turned out to be a really inferior product that was over 4 years on the market and not even for sale anymore anywhere else ! ! ! stick to anybody but them . ca n't speak for the rest of their stuff but i will certainly not be giving them anymore of my business as now stuck with almost $ 200 worth of product . and the kicker is they 're so pathetic they did n't even give me the batteries for my unit ! ! ! ! absolute joke of a place avoid at all costs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the name says it all : hemp . but it extends beyond the hippy wear sported by treehugging folk . lotions , creams ... yes . but the most interesting element of this store was the fact that they have tools and supplies for you to grow your own hemp . talk about bringing it back to the grassroots . that stuff tends to be on the more expensive side , but in case you want to just have a gander at what it takes to make the stuff ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so helpful to a newb ! i have acquired a long term illness that necessitates me needing certain gear to help myself out , and toronto hemp company totally set me up . my friends and i went and i asked a ton of questions , and the sweet salesgirl was fine with me and my overflowing queries . i feel like i can come back anytime even though i guess i 'm not what one might call a `` usual '' customer , either . i got everything i needed though , i got to find out about a lot of other products and items just from asking ( and not getting shooed out , even though i was asking a lot of stuff ) . = ) their website is full of useful info , the people there are cool and friendly as far as i have seen so far . so definitely on my favourites list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars . this place is close to where i work so it 's really handy for me to pop in . as others have said , they have a great selection . for what i 've bought , which is mostly smaller stuff , the prices are about average . i find the staff to be very helpful and nice . they also have a nice selection of hemp based shampoos and soap . 1 2 star for the double entendre name", "score": "3"}
{"review": "believe it or not i brought my mom here yesterday with me to pick up a hookah because on the website it said they carried them . i also knew they had wicked incense i love and a few other things . immediately we were greated by a friendly guy at the cash . i headed up the stairs to find my hookah ! another friendly man came over smiling and very helpful said they have a horrible selection of hookahs and said to go across the street to the `` smoke shop '' ! i bought the rest of the stuff i needed and headed across the street . i love this place ! i feel very compforatble going there even with my mom ! very friendly , welcoming atmosphere . they have funky music blasting and its really `` chilled out '' . there are 3 levels : basement- the `` garden '' section , main floor-accessories clothes smoke stuff incence hemp stuff top floor- all bongs , pipes , ect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never been a place so big ! 3 floors and everything you could possibly think of . the employees working there are extremely helpful , honest , and efficient . great experience i would have no doubts about returning again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to go to for all your smoking and or growing needs . 3 stories , they have everything you could ever need , and have been quite helpful in guiding me to buy things they did not sell ( butane lighter ) . prices range based on quality , and they have everything from the inexpensive $ 5-10 pipes to the expensive roor waterpipes . the staff is also quite knowledgeable and always ready and willing to help . recommend these guys for all your needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.75++ great staff , eccentric products of hemp and silly t-shirts and accessories . great gag gifts and cool hemp type items . lol have fun and stop by here and buy some sweaters , or some cool magnets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really ca n't say enough good about sunny . he 's super-personable and good at what he does . we 've been taking our car to sunny since we first found him in a random google neighbourhood search for a mechanic and we wo n't go anywhere else . he 's mindful of our budget limitations and will call and provide a diagnosis and quote in advance of doing any work . that 's something you just do n't get everywhere . much to my dismay , he is also so honest that he has convinced by husband to keep our 2002 model car for now when all i want to do is buy a new one ! sigh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've dealt with mechanics for 21 years now as a licensed driver and few mechanics have won my full respect . sunny is one of them . i was referred to sunnys auto clinic by my neighbours , and i am very very satisfied with sunny . he is honest , has told me what he thought i needed , and suggested i hold off on other areas of maintenance that will need attention later saving me some money up front . what i thought was very unique was that he defended an other auto clinic that had made a mistake on maintenance on my car . overall i think he 's fantastic . if you live in the area you definitely need to check him out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've always been delighted with sunny 's excellent customer service and workmanship . he 's extremely trustworthy -- which you ca n't say for all mechanics -- and a pleasure to deal with . he kept our old 1993 tercel running for a number of years and , mindful of our limited budget , always kept the costs under control . he 's now servicing our 2006 aerio equally as well . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've had the pleasure of dealing with sunny a few times recently . the service we received from him was top notch and reasonably priced . sunny and his staff are there to help you , not rip you off . my partner and i will be customers for life and would n't hesitate to refer friends to him . thank you sunny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to sunny my subaru is running great . they always do a thorough inspection even when i only stop by for an oil change and find small the small things like brake lights that any other garage would miss . they also keep me updated on future inspections to look for in the future . in short good service thorough inspections and reasonable prices . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunny was very friendly , honest and very reasonable with the price . i found him your `` yelp '' and called him . he quoted me the price for repairs and when the work was done he gave me a discount even without me asking for it . i had to get the tires done and had a problem coming from collingwood . thanks sunny", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone to sunny many times and found him extremely honest . i still find him honest however his garage did not do my last oil and filter change correctly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sunny was extremely helpful and did the job in less time and less cost than my other quote . i am extremely happy with the job done , his friendliness and follow up . i will definitely use him again in the future ! i was thoroughly impressed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome gem to take your car to get basic repairs . he 's honest and affordable . i 've been taking it there for just the basic oil change and seasonal tire changed but you ca n't beat the price . generally a nice guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after calling several highly reviewed via yelp auto shops in toronto - i decided to go to sunny 's because he quoted me the cheapest out of all of them . sunny replaced a basic part in my car at a very reasonable price . he 's a humble and chill dude . would highly recommend out of 10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunny is great ! he 's professional and fair . i am always nervous about car issues , ( ive had some lemons in my life ) , but sunny made me feel at ease by telling me exactly what he was doing and what the issues were . he also got me great deals on parts . thanks sunny ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using sunny`s services since he opened , perhaps 20 -30 times . he is quite knowledgeable , personable , honest and gives good advice . if he doesn`t feel comfortable with his lack of expertise equipment on a particular repair he won`t experiment on your car - he will recommend another reputable mechanic service specialist that specializes in that particular field . he has sourced an array of recommended local specialists . his prices are very fair and quality of work is good.- there 's not much more one could ask from him . he cares about his customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the few honest and knowledgeable mechanics left ... nuff said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to many mechanics before , so i went looking for reviews of businesses doing oil changes . i found sunny 's shop through a tweet by decadiaries . i came in early , no problem . we did a walk around my vehicle and he pointed out the uneven wear on my tires and what we should do to get more mileage out of them before replacing them . he gave me a time estimate of how long the work would take and as it was under an hour i went to find a coffee shop . when the work was finished sunny went over everything that was done again ( nothing that we had n't already discussed ) and gave me a heads up as to what to expect in the near future . sunny was very friendly and i felt like he took his time to make sure i understood everything we discussed . the final bill seemed quite good . i will recommend sunny to anyone who asks and i will be returning for any future needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first visit was for new tires . sunny provided sound , economical advice and recommendations for keeping my older vehicle in decent shape until i replace it . he finds the time to converse with clients in depth , seems to genuinely care about his customers and is a very decent person . i have more work to be done and will be having it performed here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i 'm usually a fan of firkin pubs , i was less than impressed with this particular venue . the service was not overly quick or friendly , and i take issue with the falsely advertised poutine . i love poutine , so when you say cheese curds , i expect more than just a sprinkle of shredded mozzarella . it was also fairly empty , not the usual firkin scene . was n't the worst pub experience in the world ( other than the poutine , the classic pub fare is usually decent ) , but it really did n't do it for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is a decent place for a pint and has some half decent pub food . ( order from the special list for better food ) . but my complaint about this place ( and i think all the firkin pubs ) is half pints ! why ca n't a british pub like this serve half pints . i ended up having to order a 4 5ths . and who in england ever orders a 4 5ths ? we need a petition to bring half pints to firkin pubs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was in toronto on business and was tired of somewhat formal restaurants . when i asked a server in my hotel for directions to a pub someone recommended , he suggested that i try the firkin a few blocks from the hotel . i was pleasantly surprised . i had the best fish and chips i 'd had in many years and they had a nice outdoor patio , which i was happy to use during the lovely weather . i would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being turned down at the rebel house , we walked over to the closest option . the bar , now simply called the quail as opposed to the quail & firkin , has recently gone under massive renovations . given that we were there on the second night of grand reopening , the place was virtually empty and only started to pick up as we approached midnight . i 'm generally not a big fan of the firkin pubs but i was quite taken by the atmosphere and decor of the quail . they are still trying to sell the whole british theme but their new look is more posh and less cockney than before . the have a big spacious floor with many types of seating options to suit your group . they have booths , bar-type tables , and a chill out area with a union jack couch and a pool table . they have a pretty standard beer list with the addition of granville island , mr. huff ( pilsner ) , tennent 's and kilkenny .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to go in for a few drinks and a bite . super friendly staff . food is adequate , and they have different food drink specials every night of the week . this tends to be our go to spot in the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service , fun decor , a decent pub burger , and a great location . i 'll be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed that they went to the standard firkin menu but last night they had an in house special of fish and chips for $ 9 . this won over my heart along with the $ 5 beer and the raptors winning to move to the second round . cole slaw was good too ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , good service . a great place to drink if you enjoy the same bagpipe song every 15 minutes . if someone asked me what scottish hell was , i would say it was this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i lived nearby , i would probably be a frequent regular . atmosphere is relaxed , beer is cold , food is good . the nachos are enough to feed a small army , and the cheese dip naan combo is addictive . thumbs up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the quail has greatly improved since it 's makeover . food quality is better and beer selection much better . patio is good for people watching but gets direct sun and street noise . prices are reasonable and servers are friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did take out for a buttermilk fried chicken sandwich . got home and it had just chicken on a bun . unimpressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food . had the pot roast . unfortunately just a few pieces of meat . less then i would have expected for 16 bucks ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like going to this place for brunch on the weekends . it 's also good to sit at the front patio and have drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the quail & firkin attracts a good crowd and it offers a decent pint . the staff seems friendly enough , but they are strictly business when it comes to disciplining the crowd and enforcing last calls . i suppose that is to be expected when they do n't own the joint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the quail & firkin is my local `` go to '' for a burger , wings and a beer . the food is above average for a firkin i suppose , the seating is updated and comfortable , there is big screen sports and the staff are very friendly . diana is an amazing host .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ordered chicken wings , good flavor , sub standard size . was informed by the server that they have a new supplier . maybe if they spent half as much money sourcing quality suppliers as they do putting in hokey , cliched faux-british decorations then i would have had a decent chicken wing . there was a time when going to the firkin chain and ordering wings meant you would get a decent feed , not so anymore . shitkenwings ! btw , service was excellent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had my daughter birthday here and had a wonderful time . they really have everything nailed down and we 're very helpful with everything from managing the kids , set up and clean up . and of course the kids had a blast in the games !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a fun place to take the kids to . you will definitely be sweating by the end of the game ( which is only 15 minutes long ) , due to the high humidity dust heat in the enclosed arena . there are many stairs passages hallways to run around , and the mood is pretty well set up . overall it 's a good place for kids ( & adults ) who enjoy shooting lasers at each other . the staff is super friendly too : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this laser tag place is ok i have been to better , the levels are ok , the atmosphere sucks , the arcade games could be one million times better , and the service could be a little bit better , so that is why i give it 3 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we just celebrated our son 's 9th birthday there . superb customer service - everyone from the person who booked our party , the reception , the game marshall - were nothing short of fan-tastic ! we highly recommend booking your party on a weeknight . will be highly recommending to all our friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy this place ! the only pho restaurant inside market village , i found the food to be yummy , decent prices , nice decor , with friendly staff . we ordered : 2 for $ 10 special ( pork chop with rice and medium size pho special noodle soup ) tuesday special for $ 5.75 ( hue style beef noodle soup ) loved all three dishes . the pho was yummy with flavourful soup base , pork chop with rice was well done ( though a bit on the dry side ) , the hue style beef noodle soup was spicy and delicious . price was just right . this is a chinese owned pho place but is much cleaner than other vietnamese restaurants and specials are cheaper ! i have been here a few times and will return again when i 'm in the mall !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hello pho from bkk i love your food and store . the store , food , access are clean . actually , i think this v restaurant is one of the cleanest v restaurant in toronto , markham , and miss . love pork with lemon glass . never try pho here , but my gf likes it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a major leak on our sprinkler system . after reading the good reviews here , i called sprinkler repair llc . i am very happy with the job the crew did . not only they fixed the leak we complained about , but they also found ( and fixed ) another one we knew nothing about . they checked the general meter thoroughly to make sure it did not indicate any more leakage , reprogrammed the timer and made sure i understand how to do it by myself . i was really impressed by the level of care . regarding the price , i do not have much reference to compare but i thought this was fair . in any way much better than our outrageous water bill ! ! ! the repair came with one year parts and labor guarantee and i will certainly call them back if we ever need more work on our sprinkler system . oh , and the crew was courteous and friendly which is something i always notice because i 've had some guys come to work in our house who were literally scaring me . overall a 5 stars experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i actually found sprinkler repair llc based on a yelp search ( they were the only one in my area that had great yelp reviews ) . dave was prompt , professional , did a great job at a fair price . he definitely worked a sweat up as it was 104f and my house has a very old and oddly installed system that he figured out ( where i clearly could not ) . i 'll definitely use him again and recommend him highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend sprinkler repair . david was responsive , patient enough to help me find the main water valve , and then replaced it , showing me the failed part and what to do in the event the valve fails again . great customer service . reasonable rate . i would definitely call on sprinkler repair in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called david because my sprinkler wires were in the wrong place . he did an awesome job guiding me through how to put them in the right spot over the phone ! he always answered the phone right away and he showed genuine interest in trying to help me . i would recommend sprinkler repair to anyone with an issue with their sprinkler . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with dave and aj 's work ! ! they showed up , did some great work and were reasonable with the price . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave and his crew did an outstanding job on some irrigation and landscape work i asked them to do on short notice . he called back right away , gave a very reasonable estimate , and they showed up exactly when they said they would . they worked really hard and did everything i asked them to do and more . i would highly recommend them and when i need further work done i will call only them to do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david did a great job repairing my irrigation system . i am a restaurant owner and my system is many years old with multiple leaks and other minor issues . sprinkler repair arrived within 2 days of my phone call , diagnosed the problems quickly , and repaired all of my issues . i highly recommend sprinkler repair and i will definitely be calling david back if and when i need other services done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found david edie on yelp and the two reviews convinced me to give him a call . am i glad i made that call . i purchased a house where the previous owner had installed the in-ground irrigation system himself . it was not to code and the valves were a leaky mess . there were also drip lines that were blowing off the manifold due to excess water pressure . david , along with his crew , replace all the valves , added backflow preventers to bring the system up to code and place an inline pressure reducer to reduce water pressure to the drip lines that kept blowing off . the job was professionally done and they also cleaned up the yard where they had to dig . i was completely impressed and satisfied and have no hesitation in recommending david and his company for your irrigation needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank god for yelp or i would n't have found david and his crew . we have used him three times now and he will be my go-to company for every sprinkler repair and need . from the get go i have been impressed . it is scary to hire a company from the internet but the professionalism , expertise and knowledge of his crew is top of the heap . from the very first conversation with them i had complete confidence . this does not happen often . thank you , yelp and david and crew of sprinkler repair llc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sprinkler repair exceeded my expectations . i just moved to phoenix from the chicago area and know virtually nothing about irrigation and sprinkler systems . the home i moved into had broken tubing , broken missing emitters , and a leaky valve control box . i was afraid of the price of an estimate ! i selected sprinkler repair because of the great reviews on yelp . i am always a little leery of getting help with my home with a new contractor . sprinkler repair responded promptly to schedule my appointment and timothy showed up early and quickly and efficiently understood all the issues with the current system . he scouted the yard and found issues i was unaware of . he gave me a very fast `` not to exceed '' estimate that was very reasonable . i was surprised that he was able to perform all the repairs in the one single visit . and the bill was less than the estimate , which others have mentioned in other reviews . i will recommend sprinkler repair to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend referred us to david after our new puppy had chewed up all of our drip lines . we also had an older sprinkler system and really needed an update . david listened to our concerns and gave us a reasonable estimate , so we scheduled the work . he was able to fit us in quickly which we appreciated as phoenix landscape does n't do well without water ! his crew was awesome . they did good work and cleaned everything up before leaving . we have since used his company for several projects and we also use his landscaping service . i would highly recommend sprinkler repair llc to anyone looking for timely , trustworthy , reasonably priced sprinkler service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i called and left a message about several irritation issues on our system that is getting old . in addition to the repairs we wanted rock and plants where we used to have grass . david called me back 25 hours later and scheduled an appointment for the next day . he added in conclusion that it was a minimum of $ 75 for the first half-hour even though we had n't really gone over the scope of the work . i was confused how they were coming to charge me when they had n't gone over what they were going to do . i called back and asked if they do landscaping he said they do clean up but not maintenance . i 'm not sure how you can set up the irrigation without doing landscaping to install plants and planters dirst . i 'm fine if they do n't do landscaping just do n't advertise that you do if you only do yard clean-up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i called these guys on a friday late in day and they were able to get a guy to come on monday . they gave me a quote based on a picture i sent and it was spot on . they got it done and work on a mans word which means a lot now a days . they extended credit without knowing who i was with the faith i would pay . granted it was only 150.00 , but that credit saved me from taking a day off from work to pay a service and for that i am greatful . i now need another job done and guess who i am calling . thanks guys ! ! my lady was impressed with the work and she is a tough customer . from the family on royal palm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sprinkler repair replaced a timer and fixed a leak in our sprinkler system . we are very happy with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to say thank you to sprinkler repair ... i have had several sprinkler repair service calls at the the house and have paid a fortune for some simple fixes . dave was understanding when i explain this to him and was willing to help diagnosis the problem over the phone at no charge . i am very appreciative of his time and understanding . i will try his recommendation to fix my knocking problem before having to pay more money . if for some reason this does not work , then i will call dave to have a closer look at the system . thanks again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had david fix our sprinkler system today . he explained what was wrong and gave me an estimate for repairs . he made some suggestions but i did n't feel like it was an up sell . he will be the first one i call when i 'm having sprinkler issues . highly , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "business is very responsive to inquiries and able to come out to take care of my broken sprinkler head quickly and at a reasonable price . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found sprinkler repair , llc here on yelp and i would absolutely use them again ! david was very professional , prompt , friendly and helpful . i had a potentially big issue but from the start , david was optimistic and proactive in finding the easiest ( and cheapest ) solution . the job was completed quickly , looked great , and david left the work area even cleaner than he found it ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company that cares about their customers . i just bought a house and the sprinkler system was in a state of disrepair . i called dave on a referral from my lawn guy . he sent a couple guys out to do the work . there was a miscommunication between me and the guys working the job and i noticed after they left that everything i wanted done was n't completed . i talked to dave and he offered to send the guys back out at no charge . i could tell in my interactions with dave that he really cares about his customers and he deserves the stellar reputation that he has . miscommunications happen , it 's a part of life . thanks so much for handling it in such a professional manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using sprinkler for a few years now , when we first bought our new house i had gotten several bids on turning my dirt back yard into something my kids and dogs could enjoy . sprinkler repair was the second company i had come out and i had one more company come out after him . after talking with my wife we decided to go with sprinkler repair because when david and daniel came out they listened to our wants and needs and made it affordable and even gave us recommendations that made it better . we love our yard and will continue using david and his crew for all our landscape and sprinkler repairs . i recommend him to all my friends and family . great ethics and integrity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david edie installed my sprinkler system 4 years ago and i was very impressed with his work ethic . so , when a water eruption occurred i contacted him . i felt very fortunate to hear from him the next day as 4 other companies never responded to my calls . david attempted to fix the water eruption with no luck . then , he asked me if i was experiencing low water pressure . given my yes answer , he checked the main water valve and found it was only half way open . that solved the sprinkler problem . sadly , several plants lacking adequate water for too long did n't make it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i worked with daniel and david to have my system repaired . the timer and wiring were in a bad place and daniel was able to come out the day i called and make the repairs needed . he even gave me options for how to fix the issues and coached me on some extra knowledge about re seeding and the proper watering times . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david put in a sprinkler drip system in our backyard . he was very professional and his quote was very reasonable . the work was done in a timely manner and we are very happy with his services . very hands on and he goes above and beyond . we highly recommend sprinkler repair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david was awesome . we live in an older home we recently had re-landscaped . we chose sprinkler repair based upon yelp ! reviews . david was very responsive addressing our questions . we had an existing sprinkler system modified and some outdoor lighting repaired . tim , abel and another gentleman did the work . tim was professional , knowledgeable and did everything he said he would do and more . i would highly recommend them and would not hesitate to use them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david and his team were amazing . they did an amazing job and was quick ! i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "several hundred dollars later sprinkles still not working properly . my goal was to have green grass in the entire front yard , not a spot here and there . replaced 3 maxi paws , replaced 6 pop-ups , repaired 2 pvc breaks , replaced timer , and rebuilt 1 valve .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "daniel came to my house for a small repair and i could not be happier with the results . he arrived on time was very pleasant gave me options for the repair and finished the work very quickly saving me money . i would highly recommend their service and i will use them in the future . they were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last month we had david install our drip system in the backyard . he and his team did such a good job ( see previous review ) that we had him landscape the area as well . we had pavers , curbing , a landscape island and rock installed . we could not be more pleased with the outcome . david and the team exceeded our expectations and made sure everything was perfect . we are so glad we chose david to complete both the drip system and the landscaping . you will be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . same day service , very reasonable charges . tim was knowledgeable and solved my issue with a repair and then spent extra time educating me on a proper watering schedule . loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! the crew showed up to my house within an hour of my first call . they successfully diagnosed and repaired my sprinkler valve problem . very polite and professional . i will definitely keep them in my address book for next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david has gone above and beyond to help me with some complications left by another company . thank you for your honest and great costumer service . highly recommend david !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david called back right away , and daniel came out and repaired both of my valves , and also solved a water pressure issue caused by one of my trees . fantastic work , even better then the folks who put in my original system 6 years ago . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience having our new pool built by presidential pools ! our salesman lenny kramer designed the prefect pool for our backyard . being new to the area , lenny gave me great advice on what to expect during the building stage , and how to proceed with other projects needed to complete the backyard . the entire crew was helpful and informative throughout . we would recommend presidential pools to anyone looking to add a pool to their backyard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trust your backyard to no one but presidential pools . as an insider i can tell you these people really care about their customers . and when your pool is done they do n't just leave you hanging . they have got the best service department in the valley . i should know i work there . thanks so much", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had presidential put in our pool and backyard environment 4 years ago . we were and are still very happy with the results . it was designed well ( thanks tim ) , our superintedent was great , the crews were great ( efficient , worked hard , respectful ) and the office and their client project software kept us informed the whole time . best of all , they were done from permit to swimming in under 6-weeks . very impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very satisfied with presidential . no issues from start to finish . 6 wk build . the city permits are the ones that often delays the project which is not the control of presidential . jeremy hunt was my desinger and he did a good job . he never upsold us on products . just tell them direct to the point what u want on your pool . communication was never a problem . presidential also does referral fees . pool was built nicely just what we wanted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called couple days ago to get some general information about to have a pool and a spa build and was redirected to a guy names james . during the call he just hung up on me , where there was no argument of any kind . very rude and disrespectful ! called the sales vp and left a message about his employee . he called me back and apologized for him . too bad that because if james his company will not get our business . we were willing to spend about 40k . there are enough pool companies in the valley which appreciate customers and their businesses more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i walked into presidential pools today to find out about building a new pool in my back yard which is all dirt . i knew pretty much what i wanted and the budget i wanted to stay under . i met with james macdougall to discuss options . two hours later , i had built my 3-d pool graphic , selected all items for the pool , and am now ready to write a contract . mr. macdougall went above and beyond to inform me about what would be needed for equipment , discussed the process entirely without all of the sales pitches , and sat down with me and drew a couple of 3-d pictures in color of what my back yard would like . i heard several people recommend presidential pools but now i will be recommending them as well . very happy ! and the best part ? ? ? this was done within my budget !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "built our pool and hot tub with presidential a year and a half ago . they did an amazing job ! it is beautiful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "presidential pools built us a beautiful pool , every person in the crew was dedicated to do just that . they are incredibly helpful and kind . they use the best equipment and i have to say they really stand behind their pools . i would not use any other pool company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading so many wonderful reviews and checking out several other pool builders , we decided to sign a contract and put down a $ 500 deposit with presidential . our sales person roy made us feel like a burden and did n't meet one deadline he promised . we got to the point of complete frustration after roy failed to send us our design repeatedly . i contacted his manager and we ended up pulling the plug on the whole thing after the financing was n't what we were originally told . it took presidential nearly a month to return our deposit and it was n't until i threatened to call the roc before it was returned . we ended up going to california pools and had our design right away and the financing was exactly what we expected .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just another day at korea town . i wo n't rest until i try every single restaurant over here . by then new ones will open for sure . this is a `` korean chinese '' restaurant . we shared a large order of sweet & sour pork which was tasty . large portions . complimentary kimchi . quick and friendly service . is sweet & sour chicken pork not authentic enough for ya ? well , cultured yelpers recommend `` jajangmyun '' . maybe you should try that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what is missed in 100 % perfection , is made up by a wonderful dining experience , with kind , polite and attentive wait staff and owner . good chungsik ( korean-style chinese food ) is difficult to find in toronto . i had the cham-pong , ( my all time favourite ) which is a spicy noodle soup , with cut carefully scored squid , tons of onions , ear mushroom and a mussel or two . i asked for extra garlic which they provided . spouse had the jajangmyeon which he said was tasty , ok , no kamja or pork in it , but peas . not exceptional , but ok . the prices here are very reasonable , the portion sizes are reasonable . it is a nice place , but just slightly misses the mark of being a four star . five stars for the quality baechu kimchi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the jajangmyeon with beef , and i have to say that it was the jajangmyeon that i 've ever had anywhere ! well , i 've only tried it at 3 other restaurants but still . it was delicious and very cheap . my girlfriend ordered the bamboo shoots with beef and shrimp on steamed rice , which was good , but nowhere near as good as the jajangmyeon though . we also ordered some stir fried bell pepper and beef dish , which was just okay and pretty expensive to boot considering what you get . the kim chi complimentary side dish was awesome too ! the inside of the restaurant is a little bare bones , but nothing horrifying . service was adequate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 rating . we came here for lunch today and i ordered jajangmyun , and my bf ordered the jambong with tangsooyuk ( korean version of sweet and sour pork ) on the side . we were the first customers this afternoon so service was great . i decided to try the tangsooyuk first when it came out and it tasted great just like how i remember it . the jajangmyun tasted good but i still prefer the jajangmyun over at songcook 's or sunny dragon . this is a good korean chinese style restaurant and if you 're in the yonge finch area , try it out ! my bf said the servers and cooks are korean chinese , so you 're welcome to order in mandarin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "although the name of this restaurant sounds like a chinese restaurant , it 's actually a korean restaurant that specializes in jajangmyun ( black bean noodles ) . i ordered the combo a with my friend . it has one jajangmyun , spicy seafood noodles soup and the sweat & sour pork . you can also make request to change the noodles to others that within the same price range . i give them only four star because i 'm not really a fan of noodles . but the overall service and food quality is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the jajangmyun and tangsuyuk combo here very large portion sizes for cheap prices", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great jajangmyun ! ! ! noodle in black bean sauce . nom mom nom ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a big fan of jajangmyun ( blackbean noodles ) and had a seafood jajangmyun here two days ago . it was a big portion and i almost finished all since the sauce was freshly stir fried and was delicious . the server was really kind and made sure i had everything i needed . im giving four stars since i had better jajangmyun at other resto , but this one is good choice when you are in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got the veggie black bean noodles , it was pretty good ! it was $ 10.48 with tax . decent portion and comes with kimchi and pickles . they do take out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent place for korean style chinese food if you do n't have a car . not the best but acceptable if you crave korean chinese food in yonge and finch area", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a tiny restaurant but i do enjoy the food there ! ! love all the noodles there and the chicken and pork ( i forgot their names ) were soooooooo good , although i do n't know why is called shanghai chinese restaurant with serving korean food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "trying for the first time . the service was ok nothing special . the food was n't that great . no verity in their menu , very limited selection .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really hard to rate food considering our pizza never made it to our table . on a thursday night entered an almost empty restaurant , just a couple of teenagers finishing up . placed our order at 7:40p ( 2 pepperoni pizzas ) , another family arrives 15 mins later places an order and receives their pizza . i finally get the attention of the waitress who seems to be avoiding our area and tells me 5-7 min more . that time passes and we 're at 45 min without food and no response other than they had a lot of box orders to fill . what ? then how did the other family get their order and finish by 8:30 ? we finally talk to the manager , basically a kid without a clue . we leave after an hour without eating and rejecting a $ 15 off coupon to a restaurant where we ca n't get served .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the flavor of pizza hut pizza however it 's a shame they just are n't what they used to be . we have tried to order pizza several different ways from this pizza hut but no matter what combination of items we get they seem to forget cheese . do n't get me wrong there 's cheese on the pizza somewhere i think , i just do n't like looking at a pizza where i can see the dough or the sauce because there 's lack of cheese . toppings are scarce as well . the drizzles have great flavor and the types of sauces are good too . if you pick your pizza up the best thing about this place is the drive-thru window .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was mediocre the last time i went . waitress was nice , but took a long time to get our food ( more of the pizza makers fault , not the waitress ) . not the best pizza either . it was alright , but ive had a lot better . i 've had a better experience at this location , but the last one really kind of hurt my opinion of this pizza hut .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the convenience of marc 's in avon but i must change stores . it 's just filthy . the building is new - why is your store so dirty ? garbage everywhere - floors dirty , produce awful . it has the appearance of little to no maintenance . seems like it would be an easy fix but alas not to be . you 're convenience will be missed but i just ca n't do it anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a difficult time choosing a rating for marc 's . i know what to expect at a discount store , and i appreciate buying cheap groceries . i am taking away one star for the rediculously slow check outs . they never have enough lanes open , and they never have baggers . i do n't mind bagging my own groceries , but there are elderly or `` too good to bag my own stuff '' people do n't ca n't . the selection is decent for a smaller store . the employees are friendly . it 's marc 's . have fun for your money and save .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never been a marc 's fan . i always thought they were kind of junky , cluttered and a bear to maneuver a cart through . and the fact that they only accept cash or check was a huge turn off for this debit card loving gal . but when i moved to avon and saw the brand spanking new marc 's 2 minutes from my house , i decided to check it out . and i was surprisingly impressed . the new store is larger and more organized , and has a much wider selection of groceries than any other marc 's i had been in . yeah it still has its odd isles that showcase wine glasses next to garden hoses , but i can live with that . especially when i walk out with a cart full of groceries for under $ 60 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2016 nissan altima - the vehicle was picked up this morning with advance notice that we were coming . the vehicle has food crumbs in the seats , sticky spots on the gear console and brown spots on the steering wheel . the outside was clean and carpets have been vacuumed . we plan to have this vehicle for a week , it will need a wipe down before i get back in it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was just at enterprise , of course to pick up a rental car . upon arriving there , we were trying to park and an employee driving a car tried to cut around us to park before us , which resulted in him almost hitting us . when we went inside , we told them what had happened . the manager ignored us . the guy who almost hit us made excuses . and another employee walked up towards us trying to come off as imposing and threatening . we were not looking for a fight , were not children , but that 's the way he was behaving . after the guy rolled his eyes and made a fake apology , he walked away , and the manager acted as though nothing happened and changed the subject . and then calling the store afterwards , she claimed that the issue had been resolved and that everyone had sincerely apologized which was not the case . luckily my mother in law works for a major insurance company and will be able to lodge a formal complaint with corporate . i would not recommend going here , obviously .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was able to make the reservation and take care of almost everything online . when i got to gastonia enterprise i was able to walk in and have everything ready for me . i was on the road in about 5 minutes . and drop off was even easier . the location was closed so i just parked in front and dropped the keys in the drop box . my account was credited appropriately and there were no issues . excellent customer service and speedy checkout with a nice car ( everytime ) is why u have 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i had just left sally 's in this shopping complex and was on my way to joann 's when my starbucks radar kicked in and i saw this little ( literally ) shop . i honestly did n't think you could walk-in to this location , i thought it was drive-thru only . however , after i received my drink and started to drive off , someone walked in , lol . so fyi , if you want , you can go in , but you probably ca n't turn around ; ) the lady at the drive-thru was nice and i did n't have to wait long for my delicious beverage .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst starbucks i have ever been to ! the customer service was good at first when i ordered but when i sat down the baristas were annoyingly gossiping loud enough for everyone to hear their entire conversation . the bathroom floor looked like it had never been mopped , there were wet paper towels all over the floor and the toilet was gross as well . the worst part about this starbucks : flies everywhere ! ! their trash can was completely full with flies hovering over it . i hardly write reviews but this was too disgusting not to . how can you ensure food safety when you have flies everywhere ? blegh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! my latte tasted fine but once i noticed the flies i no longer wanted to drink it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slowest . starbucks . ever . seriously . i 've gotten more free coffee from this than a support group meeting . i 'd rather pay and get it on time . i like the employees but maybe speed it up", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's starbucks , so you know what to expect in terms of product . this location gets an above average rating because they have not screwed up my order too often and because it is closest drive-thru location on my way to work . the drive thru entry and exit is a little wonky -- but this seems to be the case with all other starbucks in this area ( if i ever happen upon a starbucks with a thoughtfully designed drive thru , i just may faint from the shock ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me : i 'll have a plain coffee off the drip . server : i 'm sorry , but we just ran out of coffee . i can fill it about this far from the top . ( gestures 2 inches with fingers ) me : i can do a decaf instead . server : we do n't have that either . we 'll have more brewed in a few minutes . me : can you fill my cup the rest of the way if i stop by in a few minutes ? server : we do n't really do that . result : 2 stars", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst starbucks . i live next door so i come here often . i use to work night shifts so i 'd stop in at night and the guy working always knew my order without asking and it was perfect every time ! the last few months however , my schedule has changed and i go in the morning . i usually wait 20 minutes in the drive through , and get my usual iced caramel macchiato . it 's always missing something . tastes awful . after my drive through today , i have had enough . i went to the starbucks on shea and they returned my drink and made it correctly for me . this has been about the 10th time this has happened . $ 60 worth of coffee , now i 'm a little upset . i guess i 'll start making the drive to shea", "score": "1"}
{"review": "starbucks is starbucks-mediocre at best . this particular location is just the slowest one i have been to , and the customer service is little to be desired . maybe it 's because it 's a drive thru location ? one of the baristas gave me a hard time about getting soy in my coffee ? he thought he was being funny but seriously.. you work in customer service , your sarcastic responses to my request are unnecessary . also ? if you 're not busy , an iced coffee should n't take longer than 5 minutes to prepare ... . just saying . considering the other reviews , this appears to be a recurrent issue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst customer service ! they close their doors before 9 , and i was in once and they asked someone to leave because they were closed and it was 4 min till 9 ! refused to refill a kids drink ... even tho they have before and all other starbucks have done so ! worst manager in evenings ! also , they said they could n't do a pour over of sumatra for me ... they could only do what was brewing ! do n't waste your time ... go to starbucks at indian bend and scottsdale road !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live 3 minutes away from this location and have to force myself to go there.. i was in on the 10 th of june the drink i ordered cost 6.37 the order was made wrong.. so i had asked to have it remade and to speak to the manager who read back my order completely wrong .. when i did receive the new one it was wrong again .. i took it home threw it away .. i could n't believe how poor the service and product was.. i did go to a different location down the street soooo much better ( :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "saw some bad reviews and thought i 'd leave a positive one . the staff was very friendly when i ordered and even have some friendly advice on the `` morning bun '' ( not the same thing as a nice sweet cinnamon roll ) . service was quick and i also tried one of the new evolution i think it 's called fruit juices which was just like odwalla .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location has some serious ac issues . it 's either 20 degrees too warm or 20 degrees to cold . customers all talk about it but nothing seems to ever get done about it . the building is really 2 separate rooms . 1 is where you order your drinks and the other is where the sitting area is . it feels like 2 completely different temperature zones . they would benefit from a visit from someone to fix their thermostat issues .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is by far the worst starbucks i have ever visited . they always seem to get my order wrong , and the customer service is terrible . i kept giving it a chance because of the drive thru and location . i will be taking the extra time to go to a different location from now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopping by after a quick after christmas shopping trip , i had stopped in with my bestie to get coffee and was very impressed with alexis ' fun personality and customer service . my drink is perfect as ordered and since it is the pavillions , it is n't over crowded here . i love shopping and i will definitely return to this specific location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am currently writing this review while sitting in the drive through ( which i 've been doing for about 20 minutes ) . this is the worst starbucks i 've ever been to . it 's extremely slow , and they always manage to screw up my drink . nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service . sometimes target gives coupons for free drinks . very nice ! ! get your drink and shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a starbucks - they have coffee . i do not drink coffee , as i consider it homeless food , but i do drink tea , which i purchased on this visit . it was not bad . also , the scoundrel who took my order said `` may the force be with you '' as i left , which i believe is a movie reference . i appreciate his joviality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my normal go-to starbucks on my way to work . today however i am not a happy camper . my venti carmel macchiato was missing 1 4 of the coffee in my cup . i guess from now on when i am in the drive thru i will make sure my cup is full before leaving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location . not sure why everyone are all giving bad reviews , every time i came here , all the services i received are all very excellent . i usually order frapps with no whip cream . the only bad thing about this location is that the store is tuck in the back of the drive way with no access from the street , you will need to enter from the end to reach the store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll let you know if the customer service is as bad as people say , but i have currently ben in line for 25 minutes . it 's 5:00 pm on a saturday .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was good , but the place does not look as if it has been cleaned in forever . restrooms looked absolutely disgusting ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've honestly never had an issue as bad as today . they ruined both of my drinks multiple times and finally i just got fed up and just left with the wrong drink . worst starbucks ever . bye", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slowest starbucks on the face of the earth ! ! i wrote this review while waiting in the drive thru lane for 14 minutes ! ! please hire new people with a sense of urgency . if you absolutely have to have your morning starbucks fix like i do , do not get trapped in that horrendous drive thru . get out of your vehicle and go inside because its no fun to start your day with stress ! ! ugh ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not happy i left my hotel and drove here just to find store closed 1 2 an hour before the posted closing time on the door . i 've never been to a dunkin ' donuts that was closed when the hours on the door said they were open . this store has lost my business - period .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "regular starbucks , nothing special . no one exceptionally friendly or anything . staff seemed more in a hurry to get back to chatting with one another , not really building rapport with customer . i guess i get it though , almost closing time . quiet in here this evening .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i keep giving this starbucks a chance but every time i am here they are incredibly slow thru drive thru . last time i waited in line 15 minutes . they are way too slow here , never coming back today it . took me 17 minutes to go through the drive-through", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rudest experience ! i will find another location . i was in the drive-thru and it was going slow . i had placed my order and was waiting . it was taking awhile and i said as much to my son sitting with me in the car . well ... beware apparently they can eavesdrop and hear everything you say . the girl working chimed in to tell me they had a big order . then when i got to the window she gave me the total , rang it up , handed me back my card then turned her back and walked away . no receipt , no thank you . happy friday to you too !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst starbucks in the area . they have extremely slow service , do not use the drive thru screen for accuracy and have provided inaccurate orders . this starbucks had been this bad for years ... .years . trying to give it a 2nd chance the last time i was there my iced drink had an inch and a half of nothing at the top . a month prior the drive thru lady told me my breakfast item had fell on the counter , did n't touch anything and was ok proceeding to hand it to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slowest starbucks ever . i have been here numerous times , and it never gets any faster .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've given this place a ton of second chances - it such a convenient location for me , but it has to be the slowest ever and customer service could be better . iced coffee had nearly no ice . at drive thru , the asked me to pull into a parking space to wait for my order ( 1 item ) -- waited over 8 minutes , still no order . this was at 5:45 am , not terribly busy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took my mom here for her 50th birthday . it was her first experience at a spa and i wanted her to feel relaxed and comfortable.i travel in a sort 've `` non-traditional '' group dynamic that always makes me nervous about how we 'll be received in certain places ( especially since my memories of cleveland are not so hot on the whole race socio-economic front ) , and the staff at antoine 's could n't have been kinder or more accommodating . the massages were fantastic , the pedicure and manicures top-notch , the staff were friendly and chatty with my mom , and overall helped to make her special day ... well , special . it was a great time , and although i do n't live in cleveland any more i will definitely keep this in mind as a place to return to if i need to get pampered during one of my visits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although this was a relatively pricey pedicure , the experience was amazing . my mom and cousin sat in our private room where we had the pedicures completed , i was disappointed by the small selection of colors , but hey , you should n't sweat the small stuff . the leg scrub , massage and polish was done very well ! i would ask them to make sure your nails are all the same length , if you are particular about that . overall , wonderfully clean space , welcoming and attentive staff and a job well done . cheers to here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the girls were nice , but the actual pedicure just okay . the massage function on my chair did n't work , and even though i pointed out my callused areas , they were n't paid much attention and i 'll have to tackle them myself . the room is small and not very relaxing - not my idea of a spa . basically , i will either save my money and dyi at home , or try some place else . definitely not worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "seriously overpriced . i 've gotten much better pedicures for less money . my polish chipped within a week ( and not even on the edge of my toe , but smack dab in the middle ) . the facial was great , but they did n't really do anything out of the ordinary to justify the price . meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place to get a hair cut and bears trim ! audrey did a perfect job with my weird styled hair do and was extremely friendly . this is officially the place that cuts my hair an beard from here on out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel like it 's hit or miss with this place . sometimes i 've gone and gotten a great haircut , other times it has been a disaster . i always get my hair cut the exact same way , so i do n't understand why it 's so difficult sometimes . the last time i went here , they did such an awful job ( and it literally looks nothing like what i asked for ) that i 'm going to be finding somewhere else to go from now on . i ca n't style my hair at all because of how terribly it was cut , so now i just have to wait until it grows out so i can have it cut again somewhere else . if you 're okay with taking the chance of having to wear a hat for the next 3 or so months , then this place is for you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "at sport clip waited for 45 to 1 hr . the service was useless . they call it precision hair cut . for me it was n't true at all . they miss so many places that i had to go home and ask my brother to cut the missing places that was sticking out . the hair stylist shampoo my hair when washing my hair the water seeped in my shirt and got my top shirt wet . i felt for the price i paid for the mvp package . i did n't get the mvp service . i hope someone in sports clips reads this and makes improvements .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been to urban wax twice - thought both times were consistently great . two things to note 1 ) they use hard wax , which i 've never experienced in many years of regular waxing - it 's great ! more precise . 2 ) for the bikini zones , you change in front of the esthetician . again , never experienced before and made for a little awkward start , but hailey ( ? ) made me feel comfortable from there . also , i love the package deals - makes so much sense . glad to have found urban wax and will be back . thanks again yelp !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and my first time getting waxed . the girl i had was very professional and helpful . she talked me through the process and made me feel very comfortable . because it was my first time , they offered a discount and a free panty . i will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had several people wax and tint my brows at both the arcadia and north phoenix location , and all of them were great ! at the north phoenix location , i particularly liked ranee . she is a perfectionist and i appreciate that , but again , everyone i have seen is very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although urban wax is a nice product and great business they consistently require an appointment at least 24 hours in advance . no walk ins are really available . i have tried on several occasions and have also called for same day appointments ( with over 3 hours left in the day ) ... european wax will have to retain my business once my package is complete . this is disappointing since they are much closer to my residence .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! clean , professional , and easy to make an appointment or walk in . i always leave with my brows looking great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend ! great location and the gals are all very professional , efficient , and nice . i also really like that they offer packages-it 's a great way to save money on services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gone here three times now for my eyebrows . every time i have received fantastic service . today i went for my eyebrows as a walk-in and the esthetician who took me i believe her name is gwen , was really friendly and she did an exceptional job on my eyebrows ! i would recommend anyone to urban wax for all their waxing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always clean and friendly . i love this place because i am not all red after a wax . love the colors and the fresh feeling i get when i am there . very vibrant colors and atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time getting a bikini wax and i was very nervous . i found urban wax because of their mailer and the great deal they were offering . it was very clean . the staff was great . courtney was the one who helped me and she was fantastic . while there was still some pain , she made me comfortable and my experience enjoyable . i will be back for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always happy with how good they do at urban wax . i never have any issues with acne after ; much better than the success i have had getting waxed at the various nail salons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my eye brows waxed by ranee yesterday and loved it ! she did such a great job . definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . the staff were accommodating and it was so easy to book . i got my underarms waxed by ranee . it was the best waxing i have ever gotten . i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in today for a brow wax . i 've tried them all ... threading , sugar , pluck , hot and cold wax . personally i do n't care the method , it 's more a matter of how the brow turns out . i had ronnie and she is amazing ! ! i have one brow that is consistently hard to deal with because of a mole . she did a phenomenal job the first time and i am beyond excited ! ! they are even and the arch is perfection ! ! this will be my place for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using profishionals for 4 months now . justin 's who is the owner . i have never had anyone clean my tanks before . he is awesome . he is always friendly when he comes . he goes far and beyond when he 's here . for example he moved 2 of my fish from my 30 gallon to my 180 . he did it for free . he helped me get new lighting for my 180 gallon . but i got it at wholesale . he saved me about $ 100 . he also redecorated my whole tank . lava rocks , made natural shelving and caves . also replaced ally plants . at wholesale cost . he saved me about $ 300 . i would recommend his service to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "las vegas profishionals is an amazing resource , not just for getting a crystal clear fish tank but for any information needed on how to care for your fish . owning and caring for a fish tank is a big job , and for a first timer like me i am so glad i found justin . i have had so many questions about fish behavior and what i can do to make my tank a `` happy place , '' and he has excellent advice every time . i use the service every six weeks or so for my 29 gallon tank , and he cleans it so well the tank needs minimal maintenance ( or none ) in between visits . i highly recommend profishionals ' maintenance for any tank , large or small .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i were inexperienced fish owners . we had a major fish tank emergency where our fish were gasping for air at the top of the tank and we tried everything ! this was extremely stressful and after what seemed like 50 trips to petsmart , we found las vegas profishionals . justin responded to me immediately and made time that was very late at night just to accommodate the urgency to help me . justin was very kind and informative as well . the service was excellent . not only did he help with our problem but he also cleaned our tank and educated us . i highly recommend las vegas profishiionals to everyone . our fish tank looks great and our fish are great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "justin was awesome . i have a 55 gallon acrylic freshwater tank that needed cleaning . las vegas profishionals was very easy to get an appointment and very reasonable . justin was very professional told me exactly what he was going to do and answered my questions with no problem at all . i plan on using him for quarterly cleaning of my tank since he did such a great job . my tank looks wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . oh , wow . upon stumbling into tin front cafe on a saturday morning , half asleep , sans coffee i seriously forgot what city i was in for a good 5 seconds . i rarely come to homestead , and i can kick myself for not coming here earlier . classical music , eclectic artwork and tin sculptures , and a killer outdoor patio make this place a quiet oasis from noisy 8th street . there is a sf , kick back vibe that just gives you a hug and hands you a frothy soy cap , which was one of the best i have ever had . so ... ..now on to the food . magical frattata with goat cheese and fresh veggies- pepper and tomato . the use of real butter was a stand out here , and i appreciated the modest usage of it . i left with my belly full , but not to the point where i could not stand . what a great experience . i will be back soooooon , with many hungry friends in tow . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attending a show at the nearby carnegie music hall and not wanting to eat at the nearby water- ( let's-buy-goods-made-in-china-in-chain-stores-located-on-the-site-where-a-steel-mill-that-paid-union-wages-used-to-be ) front , i decided to stop here for a bite beforehand . i 've got nothing against chain restaurants , but i needed a little break from your p.f . chang 's and dave & busters of the world . but be advised -- tin front is a vegetarian , but by no means vegan place . a lot of their stuff has eggs and or cheese . me , i went for the apple & cheddar grilled cheese with a side of home fries & red peppers . no i 'm not switching to a vegetarian diet , but who 'd ever thought that vegetarian chow could be comfort food ? tin front doubles up as a coffeehouse too , so i 'm gon na have to come back here some time for some joe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a very happy vegan ! from the black bean hummus to the ratatouille over polenta our meal was absolutely amazing ! the food was fresh and beautifully prepared . the staff was warm and friendly ... we will most definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! talk about strange ! my boyfriend and i stopped in on one of the first nice days of the season , because it was so beautiful we seated ourselves outside . between the menu and the daily specials it was difficult to decide what to order . after a lot of thought i decided to go for ( this is where it get strange , as i read the 1st review i experienced deja vu ) butternut squash lasagna and my companion followed the advice of our waitress and ordered the eggplant parm on top polenta and a bed of lemony spinach . everything was absolutely delicious . the lasagna was so creamy and cooked to perfection . the sprig of fresh basil on top was a nice and refreshing touch . justin 's eggplant was also transcendent - my first experience eating polenta was lackluster and kind of scared me off for a bit but after eating tfc 's i 'm totally a fan . the combination of the slightly sweet sauce , tartness of the lemon spinach and melted cheese was incredible . i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just hit the tin front for the first time . food was very good , broccoli frittata with crusted cheese was pretty amazing , friend had the 4-cheese mac n cheese and was happy as well . we started with house salads , an arugula mix with cheese , cranberries and house balsamic - extremely fresh and tasty . the bar is certainly extensive , although we opted for soft drinks . there are a few tables out front and an adorable outdoor garden area that we chose , rain-be-damned , to occupy . it was a very pleasant meal on a rainy thursday night and we agreed that there is much on the menu left to explore !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "adore this place . it 's super out of the way for me , but it 's worth it . the atmosphere is a mixture of diner and artsy . the service is good , and the food and alcohol are reasonably priced . the best part ? everything is vegetarian , with vegan and gluten free options also available . favorite items : 4 bean chili mac and cheese quiche peas and greens i 'm hoping to find time to go back there to try more things ! so far only been for dinner a few times . always delicious . it goes to show that southern food can be healthy and veg friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great spot for brunch ! we just visited for the first time and really enjoyed ourselves . for $ 12 you get an entree ( we had the quiche and a burrito ) and an array of buffet items , which today included home fries , chili and fixings , corn muffins and chocolate chip muffins , chocolate chip cookies , salad , melons , coffee , juice and iced teas ! there is a full bar so you can add a drink to your meal . i got the bloody mary with house-infused habanero and cilantro vodka . it was perfect , with a little bite ! the ambience was great , with the back of the restaurant opened up to the lovely patio and the skylights letting in lots of sun . i ca n't wait to bring friends here ! yes , it 's all vegetarian or vegan but i do believe all tastes can be accommodated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive past this cafe almost everyday , and i somehow never noticed it ! my mom learned of the cafe through living social so we decided to dine here for lunch on a weekday . we had a wonderful experience overall ! the interior is very cute and the bar is beautiful . after a long time of deliberating because the entire menu looked delicious , we ordered our grilled portobello sandwiches and looked around in the cute little shop attached to the cafe while we were waiting for our food . before we knew it , our food was ready and the sandwiches did not disappoint ! although i loved what i ordered , next time i think i will have to try one of their salads . they all sounded so fresh and tasty ! not only were the food , the service , and the atmosphere all on point , but the prices were also pretty reasonable for the quality . i ca n't wait to try their dinner or brunch next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for dinner last month ( just getting to the review now ) . our great waitress told us the special was `` brews and fondue . '' basically , you order a beer , you get a free fondue appetizer . did n't have to tell me twice ! i got the imperial pumpkin ale and my sister got a nice sized glass of pinot grigio . our fondue came out with a tea light to keep it warm which i thought was adorable . our waitress also made sure we got extra bread for the fondue ! for dinner we split the portobella with corn risotto and squash with quinoa . everything was great . the vegetables were fresh and seasoned nicely . my spinach was cooked perfectly . the place was quiet for a friday night but i think if more people knew about it it would be more popular ! total cost for free fondue , two beers , one glass of wine , and two entrees : $ 39 . what a deal ! will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just an update . the food here is still excellent and the staff has not changed . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how did it take so long to find out about this place ? ! beautiful warm inviting comforting feel , i did not want to leave to return to work , but felt refreshed to do so ! recovering from an uri , the young lady helped me choose a nice smooth ginger tea . just had to have some quiche which came with a fabulous salad ! spoke with the wonderful owner , , shared my love for the place . next time i 'm allowing time to shop a the annex cookery next door !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tin front cafe is a great little vegetarian cafe in homstead , across the tracks from the waterfront . we went for dinner and the food was really good and reasonably priced . both the butternut squash lasagna and the eggplant parmesan on polenta were delicious and they both came with sizable side salads that you would normally pay another $ 4-5 dollars for in other places ( or they would jack up their entree price to compensate ) . here you get both for under $ 10 . with locally grown food making up a good menu , a nice space , free wifi , a beer wine menu , i hope this place thrives in their unlikely location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely amazing ! ! ! what a hidden gem ! ! ! i highly reccomend this place . everything is a+ , from service , to food , to atmosphere . if you have not been here yet , you are truly missing out . this inside is very cozy , clean , upcycled chic . it has a very comfortable feel to it . the full service bar is absolutely beatiful , it kind of has a saloon feel . the outside patio is super quaint and peaceful . the food is out of this world . the flavors are amazing and everything is fresh and local . they make and bake all of their bread , if this gives you an idea of how amazing this place is ! ! ! ! the portions are huge too ! ! ! i never had a bad meal as everything is delicious ! ! ! go for lunch or dinner and i promise you will be back again ! they also have a sunday brunch that i am anxious to try ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting pittsburg from out of town and had to find vegan food within walking distance of the carnagie music hall and this was one of the 2 places that came up . i walked by it at first because it just looked like a coffee house but i came back and it has a full ( small ) menu and an awesome bar . i got a delicious ratatouille that was made fresh by very nice people and a local microbrew stout while i waited for it . they infuse their own vodka there and have drinks like apple pie martinis with fresh whipped cream on top .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome service , beautiful decor , great vegetarian food , which is still hard to find in the 'burg . we sat outside in their courtyard patio . definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a tad surprised to see this vegetarian restaurant in homestead . while it is not vegan , it does have some fully vegan options . the smells were good , but i did n't come in for food . while they do have a full bar , i came in for some hot drinks . they have a fairly large compliment of boutique teas that you can mix and i will eventually return to get a jasmine-oolong blend . today i just ordered a hot apple cider . good cider in a good business . i wish it were in a better location . what makes the location bad ? not a lot of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped down for some breakfast - first time and definitely not the last . i recently just stopped eating meat , so this was perfect . there were so many delicious things to choose from on the menu . i ordered the fried egg sandwich , which came on home made bread ( light and crusty , delicious ) with provolone and arugula and home fries ( potatoes , a little spicy , but tasty ) . my friend ordered the breakfast burrito which came stuffed with cheddar cheese , some type of chili and home fries . she said that it was also a little spicy . our check came with chocolate covered coffee beans , how cute . ca n't wait to go back for lunch or dinner ! i agree with the other reviews , it does take a while before the food arrives . there were only 2 other tables with people . however , i think that goes with the feel of the cafe - more time to relax and shoot the breeze .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gone to the tin front cafe a number of times for the sunday brunch , and i have yet to be disappointed . this place is in the upper echelon of brunch spots in pittsburgh . with the brunch you get a cooked-to-order entree and unlimited access to the buffet . the entrees are constantly changing - and the assemblage of offerings always includes a vegan option ( s ) . it seems like an eternity before the entree arrives . i guess the chef is really into slow foods . i 'm usually not too upset by the wait - i bide my time by filling up on the delectable buffet food . i kind of go ape over the vegan chocolate chip muffins - excellent vegetarian chili as well . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a wonderful surprise this morning ! my mom 's co worker suggested this place and i 'm glad she did ! if you 're looking to get out of corporate waterfront and see the real side of homestead , and support a local business , you should check it out . it 's vegetarian and vegan food and locally grown deliciousness . very cute , comfortable decor , vintage retro . great music too , sang along all through brunch . i had the spicy quesadilla with spinach , portobello , and mozzarella , with siracha . soo good ! my mom had quiche with a fresh salad . also delicious ! light and crispy crust . will certainly be going back ! they also have a full bar and a cute shop connected with kitchen gadgets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about the tin front cafe . they have a limited menu and a bit of a long wait for the food , but it is worth it . nice casual atmosphere . daniel and ellie are wonderful . i wish them all the best with their establishment . this is a true gem of a place and the food is all homemade and delicious . must visit . will be back again and again . always check allegheny county health department website for this and any other establishment you are dining at http : webapps.achd.net restaurant restaurantsearch.aspx", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great valentine 's day spot ! vegan vegetarian options and super fresh ingredients . my new favorite ! the restaurant itself was n't crowded at all , but there were people at the bar . super nice for us , since we did n't want to be stuck in a crowded restaurant on february 14 . the staff were really sweet and friendly , and they had a decent wine beer cocktail list . we ordered the black bean hummus , which was a very generous serving and it tasted freshly made . for entrees , m", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed very much . veg chili tasty . a good quesadilla w mushroom and spinach about $ 8 . lovely people . free newspapers to read . nice kitchen store attached . menu is per day . little patio in back and bar in front . looking forward to next visit . just a few blocks from waterfront shopping area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dinner options are all very tasty . they start w nice sized salads followed by decent sized entrees . i am impressed by the options ( vegan , gluten free ) and flavors , which change frequently . the squash bisque was very delicious and the chocolate fondue was vegan . nice martini options . reasonably priced . my omnivorous friends loved it too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing and deliscious . the salads were fresh and tasty and the black bean hummus was perfectly seasoned ( not too garlicky but full of flavor ) . the butternut squash lasagna was perfect and flavorfull and so yummy . the carrot ginger risotto was cooked perfectly and the carrots , onions , and ginger added wonderful flavor . nothing was oversalted . the food came quickly , was super fresh , hot , and portions were perfect . the server was very friendly . the outdoor patio was lovley and the decor was charming . also the cookies were yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing vegetarian cafe ! quite with a nice patio in the courtyard out back . it 's a great place to take the kids for some delicate grilled cheeses , or your friends for a delicious dinner and drink . the owners of this , and the annex cookery , believe in the revitalization of their community of homestead . -- that right there is why you buy local , wherever your locale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish this was in the squirrel hill oakland area , since that area is mostly where we end up going if we have to eat out . but the food is great . i have always enjoyed sitting in the patio outside for an early summer dinner before catching a movie at the water front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it 's so cute and the owner is so friendly and sweet . it 's relaxed and casual , but still serves up excellent vegetarian fare and they have a full bar . it 's a great spot for weekend brunch or date night . the backdoor patio is cozy with cool art and plants . i 've enjoyed every meal i 've had there . veggie food represent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful food served in a charming ambiance . i took my vegetarian friend here , and was delighted to see so many vegetarian options to chose from . we experienced great service . the tin front is a great place for a quiet conversation and enjoying unique food . the chili with mashed potatoes was an unusual treat , and it turns out it is a traditional italian recipe . their vegetarian chili won an award , which is a high honor in my book . they have some quirky modern sculpture on the patio , which all adds to the charm . what a fun place for food and conversation !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "comfort food vegetarian you can take your meat eating friends to , and they wo n't even miss a beat . great people and great food . they treat you like family there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shot , easy to find just the right plate for any appetite . we had black bean hummus spinach salad w shaved beets , apples , almonds , and gorgonzola . black eyed peas & kale w ginger and onion . ratatouille over polenta . butternut squash lasagna . sounds like a lot of food but the small plates were perfect sized for good appetites . the menu changes frequently and there seems to be something for everybody .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a gem . family owned and operated , this is truly loving soul food but with such a refined execution . daniel is a sweetheart and a wealth of knowledge , his wife the chef had an inspired mind for creative dishes . acornicopia was a holiday special and i swear it was thanksgiving in that dish ! ! ca n't wait to return ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome healthy food ! full bar ! friendly local ( homestead ) staff ! what more do yall need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "classy underrated little spot in my home-front ; i heard through the grapevine a group has met here for a poetry gathering and i 'm an aspiring poet , so i have to try and look out for that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was good . not amazing , but good . it is quite cozy too . it 's good enough where if i lived close by , i 'd be a regular , but otherwise it 'll probably be an occasional stop-in . if you 're a vegetarian , it 's definitely worth checking out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious wholesome food , an excellent and varied menu , and a delightful bar with home-made infusions and quirky specialties make this a consistent good choice only blocks from the waterfront . try the sunday brunch ! the southern comfort burrito is the best , but you will have a hard time deciding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visit today for lunch ... .limited choices but i was more than happy with the spicy spinach portabella quesadilla . my companion was equally pleased with her spinach quiche & salad . we were n't offered dessert , but maybe they do n't serve it . acoustically , it 's on the noisy side , but the selection of music that was playing was enjoyable . definitely met the criteria of places i would visit again . the adjoining shop was a bonus . wonderful selection of items , beautifully displayed in compact space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a wonder hidden gem in what is often looked at as a rough area . the tin front cafe has a mix of awesome treats for everyone . it 's an extremely cozy atmosphere with great staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding food and great service . a very personal environment with a great outdoor seating area . they use all natural and locally grown ingredients so you leave satisfied and not feeling like crummy . too often i leave restaurants feeling weighed down and as though i ate a brick . they have a wonderful sunday brunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch . i had a cup of chili and the black bean hummus sandwich . tasted great , very good presentation . sitting in the patio , which is in the back , i could not hear the traffic . i was able to park on the street right in front . i will back for dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the butternut squash bisque was devine . my wife loved her quiche .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a burrito . it was too leafy . walnut muffins were tasty . everything else was ordinary . nothing memorable . oh they made us wait for more than an hour .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a vegetarian restaurant that also has a full bar ? yes ! ! ! but , that 's not all . tin front cafe also has delicious and fresh vegetarian food with a full bar serving drinks made from house infused vodka . i would highly recommend this place and look forward to going back for brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a very good lunch here . the griddled pear and smoked swiss grilled cheese was excellent . also greatly enjoyed the vanilla java porter beer . would like to definitely visit again for the food & drink , but ... only downside was need for odor control . there was a musty smell near the inside front entrance and a continued unpleasant smell in the building during meal -- possibly from the table mats , but i did not want to put my face close to mat to smell it . if anyone knows the proprietors , please pass this along . otherwise , i would have given 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cozy , quirky little restaurant . it was very quiet the evening i stopped by , making the experience very intimate . i also had the best quiche i had ever eaten ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second time here . overall , it 's a-ok in my book . the salads are fresh and quite tasty . for dinner , i 've tasted a little bit of everything . my favorite though is the squash lasagna . just add a little salt , and it is great ! on most of the dishes , i find myself having to add salt to get some more flavor . so flavor is a little bland here , but hey it 's healthy and vegetarian ! however , service here can be ridiculously slow , even when there is hardly anyone in the place . hence the 3 stars . i would go back for sure though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great ! i like that the sides are self serve , ( included salad , mini muffins and breads , chili , and potatoes + beverages ) . the entree i got was a burrito stuffed with beans , grits , kale , cheese , and an egg . it was very good and i had a full meal out of my leftovers . there is a cute shop attached to this place also . the service was good and employees are friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent chili , black bean hummus and lasagna . coming from a non-vegetarian , this vegetarian restaurant is really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this niche little restaurant in homestead caters to the true vegetarian . my husband had the ratatouille and i had the butternut squash lasagna - both were quite tasty . the baked brie was a nice change for most appetizers however their bread needs a bit more substance . they bake it themselves and it comes out perfect in every way but just needs a touch of something special - some character - to make it more thank just white italian bread . wine was disappointing . i had their house merlot - it was just eh . hubby had the kenwood chardonnay . i 'd probably get a beer next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lots of great vegetarian options . staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is pretty laid back . great for dinner or sunday brunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing brunch ! also , their bloody mary 's are to die for . also everyone who works here is very nice & the service is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch there today . it was ok. nice staff ok menu . had veggie chili did not have the consistency of chili too thick it was more like ratatouille in a bowl good taste though . it was served with french bread that was a little on the stale side some organic blue corn chips a much better choice and more tex mex style . next had the spinach portabello moz cheese quesadilla really good . bad choice of hot sauce that it is served with . they use sriracha hot chili sauce not really good with once again tex mex dish . cholula a mexican hot sauce better choice for both dishes or even texas pete or make your own not hard . the hot sauce they serve is great with asian style , and yes it matters . would prob go back if someone really really wanted to go and talked me into it , but prob will not they have some kinks to fix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had sunday brunch there ( which is evidentially a big pittsburgh thing to do ) , and i enjoyed it thoroughly ! nice clean ambiance , and personal attention from the owner . everything i had from the brunch bar was just delish ! i would definitely recommend , and i will return here next time i am in pittsburgh ! do n't forget to check out the interesting kitchen gadget shop attached to the restaurant ! a+ !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what am incredible place . my dissertation advisor invited me to come saying it was one of his favorites . i can see why ! great vegetarian selections which were healthy but also tasty ! i am not normally a coffee drinker but theirs was great ! they also have a full bar with interesting infused vodkas , although i was n't able to try one because it was brunch time ... the owner of the annex cookery next door is a delight . the items she sells are very unique and well-designed . i will definitely return . great to see business owners who are interested in investing in the redevelopment the homestead community . the artwork is great too ! definitely a favorite ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i just came from brunch at the tin front cafe . i must be missing something because the food was 'not all that ' . kind of a 'yuppie ' crowd . the one thing that stands out was the rudeness of the owner ! after we ate we ventured into the shop next door that they own . we did not see the sign on the door that said `` ask permission to enter '' what ? the owner was right behind us and slammed open the door because apparently in addition to asking permission to enter you are requested not to close the door behind you ! she made it well known that she was irritated that we missed the sign . we are both over 55 years old . did she think we were going to steal something ! i have never been treated like this upon entering an establishment ! not only was the food no good , the owner was rude beyond what i could imagine and she was older than we are ! never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i feel as if they could have a lot of potential . i got the bree cheese platter and it had a very awful taste to it . i also had the butternut squash lasagna . it was very good but you could tell it was not made that day and had to reheat it in the oven or micro wave . i would like to go back and try the brunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is so good , and the customer service is good too ! this is really one of my favorite places to go for brunch . mmm ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tin front cafe is one of my favorite restaurants . i 've tried the broccoli cheddar quiche , spinach swiss quiche , smoked swiss and pear sandwich , and the summer squash omelette . i 'm a vegetarian , and it 's really great ( and frankly unexpected ) to have a vegetarian restaurant just five minutes from my house . everything i 've has has been really really good . the food takes a while to get to the table , so this really is n't a quick lunch , but it 's worth the wait . definitely check out the brunch . last time i went , there were spicy potatoes , chili ( so so good ) , and a couple different muffins to choose from along with the entree .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very unique place ! great food , a nice wine selection and friendly staff ! the outside area is very quaint ! looking forward to sitting on the patio this summer for a sunday funday", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked this place . had to convince my fiance it 's ok not to eat meat sometimes . i am a coffee snob and they had great coffee ! try their brunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times . nice and quiet . sweet employees . a good place for a first date . went friday night after leaving macy 's around 9:20pm . thought it was open after seeing the front door open and few people sitting around the bar . they close at 9:00 but let me in for a meal . good ... because i was one starvin marvin . ordered the butternut squash lasagna w side salad ( now $ 12.95 ) and a tom collins ( from the bar ) for just $ 3.95 . the guy was honest about `` not being a bartender and using a mixed drink book '' . heck , his drink was wayyyyyy better than any bar around pittsburgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful brunch ! the breakfast menu is changed weekly but the food at the brunch bar is not . that 's really the only complaint i have . i 've had dishes there that i was n't crazy about but not because of quality ... mostly because i try to eat as randomly as possible . the food is always served hot and i 've never had poor service . all in all it 's just good local food at a great bargain for the quality . would be a 5 star if they would change the brunch bar pr at least alter it occasionally !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible vegetarian dishes , real gem of a restaurant , salads are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did we all eat at the same restaurant or did my friends and i enter some kind of twilight zone when we stopped here for brunch last sunday ? ? ? the place was cute and the servers were friendly , but the food was just meh . we got the spinach & gorgonzola omelette , the black bean burrito ( vegan & non vegan ) , and also had access to the buffet , which served muffins , chili , and potatoes . our entrees were bland , and the chili tasted burnt ... the potatoes were pretty much the only saving grace of the meal . i guess the chocolate covered blueberries raspberries they served with the check were good ... but then again , they did n't make those .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food and great service ! i will definitely make it a point to go back . the perogie lasagna was amazing : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three of us went there for sunday brunch at 11 am . we had hoped to talk , but the noise was so deafening we barely could communicate wth the servers or each other . a birthday party with small children had taken over half the place & the children were screaming and running everywhere . the service was chaotic and rushed . my entree arrived 20 minutes after the rest of my party had been served . no explanation , other than `` we 're busy '' . the food either was bland or excessively spicy , `` one note '' tastes with no complexity . the quiche was greasy and undercooked . a `` southern comfort '' burrito with kale , eggs & beans again was undercooked . we hurried from the place to a coffee shop so we could talk . did n't try dessert since we were eager to leave .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed dinner here . the menu has several things we wanted to try . we settled for black bean hummus , four bean chili , ratatouille over polenta ( with sauteed spinach ) and ginger carrot risotto stuffed portabello ( also with sauteed spinach ) . both entrees were served with a dinner salad . fresh food , clean restaurant - great night out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunday brunch is one of my favorite in pittsburgh . small buffet with drinks , chili , salad , fruit , breads , etc . plus your entree for like $ 12 . annex cookery kitchen shop ( attached ) is great for gifts . service can be slow , but the portlandia atmosphere makes up for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the menu was great ! all vegetarian . they infuse their own vodka and the tea i had was delicious . unfortunately everything our table of 6 ordered was under seasoned . we had ratatouille , kale and grits , butternut squash lasagna , black bean hummus , baked brie and the beet risotto . everything was almost really good but very underseasoned and lacking flavor . we had to ask for salt , pepper and hot sauce . the staff was very friendly and the prices were great however and i would return based on other reviews to see if it was just an off night . i also wish they had a printed out beer , wine and specialty cocktail list .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my lunch was a terrible mistake . i ordered the grilled swiss cheese and pear sandwich . the barely detectable sliver of swiss cheese was lost in the center of two slices of huge bread . the less than generous 2-3 thin slices of pear was dreadfully over-seasoned with cinnamon . i basically paid $ 8.95 for 2 oversized pieces of toast and a small portion of greens . i also had a less than generous sized bowl of chili , which was tasty . at the peak of the lunch hour , there was myself , my friend and one other person in the place . will never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a hidden gem in homestead ! i 've been meaning to stop in and try the tin front cafe for a while now . i finally got the opportunity tho sample their fresh and flavorful menu and will become a frequent visitor from now on . fresh ingredients with the perfect seasoning greeted me as i indulged in corn chowder on the patio . i could have licked the bowl , it was that delicious . my beet and goat cheese salad was light yet savory , which was perfect for a warm afternoon . washing my meal down with iced chi tea made it even more delightful . now that i have found my favorite vegetarian restaurant in the burgh - though the tin front cafe can compete with any non-veggie restaurant in flavor ! i 'm hungry for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taste : yum . service : friendly . presentation : unappetizing . we had carrot ginger risotto , very tasty but arrived in a large loaf-like lump . also pierogi lasagna , tasty but colorless and not appealing to look at . salads were very good , the infused vodka cocktail very nice . will try them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in two words : loved it ! this is my first review here . i guess it says it all ... i 've been there twice . first time was with some friends on a sunday -- the food was great , but the atmosphere was even better . this place has a unique feeling to it , and just take a look at the attached store or at the costumers and you 'll understand . it was an elvis presley brunch , so they had some warm peanut-butter sandwiches and were playing some vinyl records . i went again today , with my mom . she 's a picky eater , and yet , she loved her omelette , the homefries , the coffee , and the place itself . i had the quiche and it was excellent . will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my family here for saturday brunch and enjoyed a great french toast sandwich . service was a little slow , possibly unaccustomed to the larger group size , but very friendly and accommodating . i have to give 4 stars instead of 5 because the place turned out to be vegetarian , which i 'm not opposed to but do n't like to be surprised by . a few family members were a little disappointed to discover there would be no bacon at their breakfast . inversely , a few other family members were pleased to find gluten-free options they could enjoy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh man so good . this place is a gem in the rough . do n't go to bar louie . come to this place . i came down here on a tuesday and it was empty . ridiculous . risotto stuffed portobellos was delicious , as was spinach salad . awesome old fashioned and delicious wine selection . five stars . do n't be a corporate drone . support you mom and pops .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the oil we were given was rancid . the staff on duty that night gave us newer , fresher oil but did n't really seem that sorry about it . the food that night was kind of blah , except for the brie . was so disappointed because i loved everything the last visit !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came for breakfast . delicious food , and we non-vegetarians did n't even miss the meat . highly recommend . patio seating in the back - you 'll forget you 're in homestead !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tin front cafe is my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh . i may be biased because i am a vegetarian , but i have brought a ton of my non vegetarian friends and they equally enjoyed it and most times did n't believe they were eating a vegetarian meal . the food is amazing , great prices , the homemade vodka infusions are amazing , the service is great , the atmosphere is fun , and the chili will require return visits to satisfy cravings . a must in pittsburgh . do know that they cook everything fresh , so sometimes it can be a little on the slower side . i find this to be a good thing , but if you are in a hurry , maybe not the best place for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so here 's what i like : decor- it 's artistic , eclectic and original . staff- friendly , eager to assist , upbeat and genuinely seem to love being there . food- the food ! ! i adore the arugula salad ( minus the pecans ) . it 's fresh and full of flavor . fried egg with provolone and arugula sandwich may sound basic and it 's a simple food but the taste explosion in my mouth is anything but basic . the way the cheese and warm egg mesh with that first bite is nothing short of delightful . other foods that i dig- apple and grilled cheddar cheese sandwich ( probably my fave ) and the pear swiss grilled sandwich=to die for !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , simple with a complex twist to ingredients good location nice patio space excellent atmosphere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great restaurant . we sat out on the patio , surrounded by metal art . the food was wonderful . the menu changes daily depending on what the chef has available fresh . i had the mushroom cap with risotto and my friend had the four cheese mac n cheese . the salads were fresh with excellent dressing . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yep , this place is a solid place for guitar electronics . very clean , it looks like their main business is heavily on the mail order end of things . labor is very professional and competitively priced . i dropped off my acoustic amp there for a new reverb coil . buddy got a pickup installed and got some new tuners for his acoustic . they have pick ups for acoustics , electrics , basses , mandolin , banjo and other strings as well . sell a few brands of strings and pics , not a big store at all , focused on guitar electronics as per the name . they get a little backlogged , but i think that might be credit to their business just as well . good things come to those who wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best , and the only place for your guitar repair and or parts ! i took my gibson explorer to these guys when it was in about 7 pieces . about 6 weeks later ( the glue takes a long time to dry ) , when i picked it up i could n't believe how perfect it looked ! they have set up about 7 guitars for me , with and without floyd rose tremelos , and the action , sound , whammy bars , etc. , have been perfect every time . if you need some weird , small part for your guitar , this is the only place in phx where you 'll find this kind of thing . do not take your guitar anywhere else for repair ! ! ! ! very friendly and professional staff as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing ! i had a guitar with a slightly twisted neck that made it difficult to play . they said that they could try to re-glue it , but could n't guarantee it . it took a few days , but it worked ! they charged me only $ 50.00 to do it and it made my $ 3000.00 les paul playable again . awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what to say that has n't been said ? this place is great , they are n't fast , but they 're reasonable and the workmanship is bar none . the guys here are n't dicks , either , like at so many luthiery shops .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been to a saje i have n't liked . the staff is always incredibly friendly and really know what they 're talking about and believe in the products . not only are all the products natural , but they all work ! i love knowing i 'm not pumping myself full of random otc medications when i can get the same affect using some tea and oils .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service at this location is consistently excellent . i found that i was having an allergic reaction to some of their blends ( through no fault of saje 's ... i have since been to an allergist and found out i have tree allergies ) so i went in to see if it would be possible for me to exchange them . they let me exchange the blends for the pure essential oils of my choice to match the value of my exchange . no issues whatsoever . i will be back to purchase more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love saje . this location is a reasonable side given it 's at the eatons center . the sales staff was really helpful and knew their stuff . i probably bought more than i should have but it 's so hard for me to resist all their potions . i 've got a number of their roll-on remedies and they really work . the pepperment halo wand is my saviour . i do n't like to take advil if i have a headache so i use the peppermint halo instead . i love their sleep well remedy too . i could go on and on . i actually got a free sleep well roll on since i had enough points . sweet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lo , and let it be said that this church offers a path - a path to righteous salvation , and those who do not heed the word of the lord shall suffer torment and damnation . forsooth , let not the beads and revelry fool you - for this edifice is indeed a path to another dimension . please no dancing , spitting or cursing . and tip the bartender . he 's my dad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great church with a solid foundation . foothills averages about 330 to 390 guests every sunday ... ..so it 's not a mega church but it 's not a small church . worship program is stellar ! over 100 members in orchestra and choir combined . they have the awana program for kids and different small groups that you can sign up for throughout the week . excellent teaching pastor and he is very knowledgeable in the word .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered ellas meat market a couple of years ago , and could n't be happier that i did . my mom is big on lamb , and knew , upon our first visit , that this place was legit . they have a supplier that provides them with younger lamb that are overall more tender and flavourful . this is a family operated business , and you can tell that both george and his dad theodore really care about what they serve . the quality of service is always top notch , and they are always diligent in preparing and cutting the meat the way we like it . moreover , they are just great people to chat with : ) so friendly . their line at the taste of the danforth is always the longest , because their lamb chops are to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went in to purchase a cut of pork for a family occasion and were blown away by the service at this family owned butcher . the butcher was knowledgeable , friendly , and more than willing to spend the time with us to explain the meats they carry and prepare the cuts for us , even a few minutes before closing time . we went in for the one reason and walked out with delicious lamb , and incredible cheese , all at very competitive prices . even living in the north east side of toronto , we will be making this one of our regular stops . fantastic experience and delicious lamb kabobs for dinner : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you kidding me ? these guys are bloody phenomenal . i know my butchers i am a foodie who loves to go out of his comfort zone . these guys not only carry everything a wan na be chef needs the quality is amazing the service is top notch - these guys just seem to know intuitively what you need . i have recently had the pleasure of interacting with all the boys - damn these guys are not only knowledgeable they just bloody know ! ladies and gentlemen may i introduce you to best bloody butcher in my humble opinion : ellas meat market i look forward to a lasting relationship . you guys rock ! seriously if you are any where pape and danforth - forget that even if you are n't you got ta check these boys out . ps . sample meats have included a spicy greek sausage , a brilliant aged ny striploin steak ( cut and trimmed to perfection ) and a christmas duck . rich~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best butcher ever ! amazing service ... friendly . ... knowlegable . ... helpful . family owned and operated . be sure to say hi to george and roland . they even provided great advice and options for best ways to cook the meat i purchased . anything from grocery stores is pure crap and tastes awful ... .once you buy from ellas ( a real butcher shop with the freshest and beat quality meats in toronto ) you will never buy meat at a grocery store again . totally amazing meat and people at ellas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walmart ... when i think of places that make me happy , walmart does not make the list . i can however give credit , where credit is due . this weekend , on my way to a buddies house , i made a quick stop at this walmart in cave creek . it was quite possibly the cleanest , most organized walmart i 've ever experienced . there were friendly people offering samples , most of the patrons appeared to be mentally stable and oddly enough i did n't see anyone in their pajamas ! the most glorious thing of all was that the check out was fast . i was in line for maybe a minute . i 've gone to walmart stores and waited in line for 20 minutes to buy 2 items , but this place was on it 's game . impressive for noon on a saturday . kudos to you cave creek walmart . you should teach other walmart 's how to not suck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this wal-mart . it 's smaller than most , but still has a good selection . it 's very clean . the workers are pleasant . they will take the time to help you if you ask . usually a short or no wait when checking out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i must be one of the luckiest people in the world . when i moved to az i needed basics like picture frames , cleaning supplies , basic food items , etc . i found everything i was looking for including vitamins and spray starch by shopping during the afternoon time slot . i was not able to find spray starch in any other store . the store has always been very clean , well stocked with friendly , english speaking , helpful staff . the checkout lines have been short and fast . this store fortunately hires enough people to expedite customers . it feels like a neighborhood store with plenty of parking that is easily accessible from two major roads making shopping enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is about one particular employee , bradly `` brad '' . we purchased a bbq that needed to be dismantled to fit into our car , our only way to transport it . brad volunteered to help us . he knew exactly what to do since he was the one who assembled it . he was very cheerful and courteous . you have an excellent ambassador for walmart in brad . you need more employees like him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the cleanest walmart i 've ever been in ! i could n't find something and a employee stocking actually stopped what he was doing and walked me over to the item ! ! ! wow ! ! i was impressed and the store was clean and free of `` walmart people '' ! hah i have no problem going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store never has what you are looking for . there selection are very poor . you always have to go to anthem or happy valley road . the people that gave good remarks do not know what they are talking about . it is not good to have a walmart so close and have to drive to the other ones that are further away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got ta love the convenience ... . just wish they would get the aisle signs info on both sides of the sign . i have now made 300 trips to the store and still struggle to find things in the grocery section ... very confusing signage ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed a new watch for my mom and the lady working at the jewelry counter was very nice and took some links out of it to make it smaller . she was very patient . everything was in stock that i needed and the variety was good . the store was clean . the pharmacy section is a little cramped .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walmart , what are you thinking ? you match everyone 's price , it 's a blast at the checkouts with all the ads from other stores . this store is clean and quick to get in and out of . all the cashiers are smiling and ready to help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is n't fair , this wallymart has too many normal looking people that shop here , guess its the neighborhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros clean store friendly employees not too crowded close to home com not much of a meat selection pharmacy department is very nice and always willing to help even with over-the-counter questions", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just moved here from the ec . i have avoided walmarts like the plague for years . often going out of my way to avoid shopping at one . having said this , my fianc\u00e9 talked me into this one yesterday . she had been before . the store was clean . employees were very helpful and the selection seemed great . they had everything we had come for . also after years of pedaling chinese crap , it was refreshing to see walmart selling `` made in the usa '' products again . i will give this store another shot in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a walmart ! good stuff and somewhat good prices . the halloween section was very small , but they are good to have in the neighborhood", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smallish store which is nice for quick trips in and out . employees are always helpful and friendly . the pharmacy is great . glad to have this store nearby !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this walmart is great ! it 's clean , staff is friendly , prices are competitive , tons of parking , and it 's not overly busy . we moved here from new mexico where the local walmart is always packed to capacity - this walmart was refreshing . how much should i gush about this walmart ? ! ? it 's a little on the small side so selection is lacking but i can deal with that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sweet potato pancakes , had to give them a try ! they tasted very much like pumpkin pancakes , probably because of the spices . still , they were good & really moist ! the size is also nice , very normal , anyone could easily eat 3 . in other places it seems like the pancakes are competing with the size of a human head , lol ! the coffee was really mild . i never thought i 'd say this , but it needs to be a little stronger . call ahead with your order if you can . this place is a bit of a hang out & during 'peak ' breakfast and lunch hours it gets busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was forced to eat here on multiple occasions because of work . the waiting times are horrendous , even if you order your food for takeout.. the staff seems overworked , they need more servers staff ... because this place gets busy and crowded for lunch . the best thing to order if you are starving and stranded in this medical office building : the sun healthy sandwich . the sandwiches are not half bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is a little bland , not much variety , go there for the coffee if your forced to kill some time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am so excited to have this awesome place close by ! yes the bowls ( particularly blended ones ) do take a bit longer but they are so good ! the customer service rocks . i ca n't recommend the volcano bowl enough , the coconut oil mixes with the granola & it is almost like a cookie ! so good ! i find the pricing to be similar to other places . i do wish there was online ordering though so the waits were n't so long but that 's just me being picky ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here and was expecting so much more . first they did n't have soft serve so i had to get blende , which was more money . you would think i would of been offered blended for a cheaper price since i wanted soft serve and their machine was broken . when i went to dig to the bottom of my cup i found a enormous strawberry that was not blended and was blocking my path to the yumminess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have tried other places in town before i found berry divine acai bowls.the acai bowls are by far the bes ! everything is fresh and the acai is so delicious . btw- they do have soft serve & blended . my first time visiting berry divine on 83rd ave and union hills inside la fitness , a young man took the time to help me decide what i wanted , he asked me all the right questions . i had the best experience ! ! ! try the volcano bowl its my favorite . or if your in the mood for a real treat try the summit bowl , with strawberries , shaved dark chocolate hits the spot , you can even add peanut butter . i know sounds strange its delicious ! . tip -i get the large one and eat half save the other half in my freezer . they freeze really well .i cant wait eat it next day for breakfast ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you guys ! if you live on the west side , you need to go see jacob at berry divine inside la fitness ! they make the best aca\u00ed bowls and they 're open to the public ; no gym membership needed . jacob could n't have been friendlier ... he was super knowledgeable and seriously took customer service to the next level . this is the volcano bowl with bananas added , and that white layer is coconut oil that hardens like a ganache . it was my first time trying it and it is sooo good . think i found my new `` bowl '' place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to start the story from my excitement when i first taste the soft serve option and see how big the cup was . it was a pleasant surprise . the soft serve taste good and there was bunches of topping . i really like the twist of coconut oil on my bowl . i really do . but you guys ca n't tell how disappointed i was when i found out my big giant $ 10 acai bowl was hollow inside lol . i was not happy i can tell you that . hope you guys do n't think i 'm weird but i felt like i was cheated on hahaha am i too difficult of a customer ? ! or is it because i used groupon ? lol . i guess i would buy if they have groupon but i would not pay full price for a hollow ice cream . i would give 1 star if not because the guy who helped me there was such a sweetie and since i use groupon it did n't hurt so bad lol", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tucked away inside of la fitness ! took me a second to figure out where it was but simple to locate in the end . i usually go to the tempe location but since i 'm done with school at asu , i can visit this one near home ! still has the same great refreshing taste . can get your blended bowls with no sugar added as an option for an added cost . i 'm guessing it 's slower here since there 's a bell to get the attention of the employwes . but they 're very friendly when i visited the past two times . they also had groupons so that 's handy to use : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband took me here for a 2nd anniversary gift and i am so glad he did ! the spa was clean and inviting . we got couples massages and each masseuse gave us a massage specific for what we needed and wanted . they were friendly and very accommodating . the cheese and wine tray after our massages was fresh and delicious . we will absolutely be back and highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to do something special for my wife after a traumatic experience . i used yelp to find this place and then learned it was located beside my eye doctor . i told them what i was hoping to accomplish and they took care of my wife . she loved the product and the connection she made with the staff . the lady was very attentive and friendly . my wife has made plans to return in 8wks . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided i needed a day to relax , detox and take care of myself . i got a detox package , with a massage and facial add on . first time doing a detox so i had no idea i 'd be completely naked , although , i 'm not shy.. the massage , the detox , all of it was amazing . i was truly pampered for over 2.5 hours . the staff was completely focused on me . i got cheeses and fruit and chocolate and tea following the treatment . was it cheap ? nope ! but worth it and i would definitely do it again . i felt incredible afterwards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove 18hrs from the twin cities with only a short sleep break - my back was killing me ! ! my instinct led to consulting yelp . with many places to choose from , i went with the yelpers and was not disappointed . the therapist even came in early to accommodate my schedule . usually swedish is n't enough for me , but this time i was refreshed , relaxed , and wholly pleased . thanks for the much needed relief .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late yesterday afternoon i took an hour off and had a totally relaxing , refreshing facial from corie . i was completely relaxed and soothed with the luscious treament on my face and neck . the fragrance of the products were wonderful , the lighting and music were so peaceful and the scalp massage was amazing . i felt younger and know that my skin so appreciated the therapy . totally recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't let the exterior fool you . i stopped in for a birthday pamper session and 3 years later natures is the only spa i frequent in charlotte . the staff here are incredibly knowledgable and products they use are top of the line . i recommend them for everything from facials to massages . if you want to show someone you care get them gift card you will win major brownie points ! whenever i have family or friends in from out of town i take them at natures and always ca n't wit to go back . you wo n't be disappointed . the interior has also been renovated into a relaxing oasis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed something to tide me over for my two hour stay at the hair salon and stumbled upon this little fro-yo shop . it is tucked back in the shopping plaza- not easily seen from the road . i ordered a large smoothie with mangoes , raspberries and oj . it rang up to almost six bucks . a bit on the expensive side for a small fro-yo joint . i tried a sample of the plain berrygood fro-yo while i waited and kind of wished that i had got that instead . it would 've saved some dough also as it is .39 cents an ounce . a-ok is right . stick to the frozen yogurt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "near empty toppings , old toppings and messy counter . not my best experience", "score": "2"}
{"review": "berry good is a tiny little yogurt shop tucked back in a not very busy shopping center . it is cute and friendly spot unfortunately their are not many choices of flavors and the yogurt is on the bland side .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been getting my hair done by gela for many years and at this point , there is simply no alternative . she is the best hairstylist i have ever met and her passion truly shows in her work . she is extremely knowledgable and dedicated to her craft . i can always rely on her to deliver amazing results and never fear for the integrity of my hair . stylists like gela are a dime a dozen ! i feel very fortunate to have met her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired gela to do hair at my daughter 's wedding in tulum , mexico a few weeks ago . she was absolutely amazing ! she is truly a miracle worker when it comes to styling hair . although the humidity of the environment posed a serious challenge during the event , gela was a true professional and made everyone look and feel beautiful . i am so happy with our decision to hire her . her knowledge and expertise is unparalleled . thank you gela !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to gela for almost 2 years and she is by far the best hairstylist in las vegas ! it 's hard to a hair stylist that cares about the integrity of your hair , gela helps make sure my hair is getting healthy and wo n't do anything to jeopardize that . i highly recommend going to gela , she 's amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "without a doubt the best place to take your vw beetle . dan , and his team know their bugs . they are professional , and explaiin everything before they do any work . they were able to fix the things that were screwed up by another vw shop that i have reviewed recently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vw world is full of characters , misinformation and dishonest mechanics ... these guys know their stuff and are happy to help educate you on the process . randy and dan are extremely helpful . awesome shop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not worth taking your vw anywhere else ! this is just one of the best places of business in existence ! love love love everyone there . the expertise and professionalism are hands-down the greatest anywhere . wish i had found them years ago ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a '71 vw bus from private party in phoenix through `` the samba '' website . owner bought it last year and only drove it a few short times . he did n't have much history with vehicle . i live in sd ca and flew out to phx to purchase the bus and took my new purchase to competitive engineering for an evaluation prior to driving home . both holly and dan were a delight to work with . they understood my concern and fit me right in . after 1.5 hours dan made some adjustments , test drove it and said `` you 're good to go to san diego ! '' . what a relief . when you look at dan 's inventory of product he 's working on you know you are dealing with a `` first cabin '' organization . he is a stickler for getting it right and getting the small things right . wish he was in san diego , because he won my business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was recommended this place for work on my '75 bus and was extremely satisfied . they are very experienced , knowledgeable , and reasonable . they answered a ton of questions i had and were genuinely honest . i felt very comfortable immediately . super friendly and flexible as well . they arranged for me to drop off on a saturday outside of business hours and let me keep my bus there for a week while i was out of town . i 'd highly recommend to anyone and everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i take my vw thing here for all my repairs . i tried other vw shops in the valley and had horrible experiences.these guys came highly recommended to me and they have been nothing but amazing . they will take care of your car like it is their own . amazing people to work with and the work is top-notch quality . they know volkswagen like nobody 's business . by far the best in town all they do is vw . the best part is that they are super honest and very reasonable pricing . i highly recommend anyone that owns a classic vw . they will not disappoint you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my brother had to take his 67 bug back to the shop ..oh not something c.e had done or missed . it was my brother tying to do as much as he could by himself and making a rats nest out of the wiring under the back seat the owner could n't have been more helpful or nicer .he even showed my brother where he went wrong & how to fix it . c.e is fantastic . an old school shop with old school values and customer service . just about every mechanic shop in the valley could learn a thing or two about business ethics from the people at c.e", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , nice , reasonable . cares about your car and providing great service . they know vws in and out ... they treat their customers well . always willing to answer your questions and let you hang around and watch what they are doing so that you can learn something about your car ... i trust them ! i recommend them . mike", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked bites very much . the sandwich was fresh and tasty and their indian potato and spinach soup offered a lovely combination of flavours . overall , we said : `` i was really pleased to have stumbled upon such a good little place as bites proved to be . at \u00a34.10 for soup and roll , it 's towards the cheaper end of the market , but much like nearby chequers and crolla 's , they have their low cost-high quality value proposition working very nicely . i 'd be glad to pay it another visit , and hope to do so , soon . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is cheap - and in a good way , not in a way which is reflected by the staff and the food . thats because the food is awesome , and the staff are really friendly . there is a huge selection of the usual sandwich fillers that you would expect from a place like this , but more importantly they also do amazing baked potatoes and various other foods which you mmay not have expected when you first walked into bites . and again , back to the price - you could come in here with a \u00a35 note , and leave with change after a full meal . amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you ca n't really go wrong with a place like this ! it is a cute little sandwich shop that offers everything from snacks to lunches . their food is good , and quite reasonable ! as has been said before me , there is a good selection of everything and the staff are happy to help . onto a winner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an excellent sandwich shop located on leith walk , which serves delicious food with great service at decent prices . the shop is small , light and quaint with friendly staff and an impressive semi-deli counter . they not only serve sandwiches ( hot and cold ) , salads and baked potatoes , but also flame-grilled burgers . i went for a large sausage and scrambled egg roll which , somehow , only came to \u00a31.60 ! ! it was delicious , with good quality sausages , velvety scrambled eggs and and nice , fluffy white bread . i 'd come here again any day and would urge you to do likewise as i could n't fault the service , food or menu and was staggered by the prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "qute some way down what must surely be the greatest street in the world , by location alone i 'm probably a bit biased towards bites , but nonetheless it 's a great stop for good , honest food with just enough frills to make it more memorable than your average sarnie shop . a blt , cake and a bottle of juice came to less than 4 notes on my visit , and such a feast can often cost you not far off double that in edinburgh 's more glamorous locales . next time i 'm down this end , i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "observed many new recruits , many inexperience . the lady i had , her hands smell like cigarettes , my side burns were uneven ... ..had to tell her to fix areas where she under cut and where she needed to blend more . for $ 17 ... i could of had a better service else where that even included shampoo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great experience here at sport clips . first time ever having my hair cut here . have to say it was a good experience after having many bad experiences at other places , which will remain nameless , this was very good . short wait time pleasant staff , they cut my young son 's and my hair at the same time right next to each other we had a lot of fun and i 'm really happy with the haircut . they got it done exactly as i described", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a customer for 2 years . this place offers a decent haircut for a reasonable price . the staff is friendly and the wait times are not too bad . for $ 5 extra , their mvp package is pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst haircut i have ever gotten . first of all she hand me the pictures of the haircuts then i pick one she cuts it complete wrong and gets a horrible cut nothing like the picture then i say trim my sides so it looks a bit more decent she does n't know how to do that so she calls another one , she cuts horrible too again.. ended with the worst haircut i ever gotten and had to pay 17 $ outrageous , the ladies that cut there so inexperienced of cutting hair . never going back there again . i do n't recommend this place to any one at all , never go there worst mistake your going to make .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service i have ever seen ! all 8 employees who were on duty that night ignored me , a new customer . the manager does not hold employees accountable for their actions ! i waited 40 minutes while one employee named will ate popcorn , played a guitar , and sang songs . other employees were doing the same thing . they went as far as restocking towels and supplies , washing down counters , and cleaning the restroom . they were clearly purposefully ignoring me . upon hasty departure , will said that he did not notice that we were still there , even though he was at the counter at least 5 times . i asked to speak to the manager caitlyn , who came to the counter and gave me a smug look that basically said `` we do n't want to serve you , or want you as a customer . '' as a small business owner myself , i would fire all eight employees who were on shift at that time . no apology , free haircut , or anything . walked out . never coming back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get to the take-away counter regularly ( dining room service is too slow at lunch ) . keep an eye of your orders ... the last time i was there they gave my order of a 6 leg dinner to a guy that only ordered a quarter dinner ... . to top it off , they said i did n't order what i order even though i still had the receipts in my hand !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i frequent this location at least 2-3 times a month . if there were other closer ones we would go there instead . the food here is great , waitresses are always pleasant and food is served in a reasonable time . however , the hostess at the front is not very personable pleasant . she does n't smile or look at you when she 's talking to you . she 'll show you to your seat and explain the specials while she 's actually starting to walk away . if we did n't like the food and other staff , we wood probably not go there again . word of advice , if it 's your first time there , ignore the hostess ' lack of people skills because the rest of your visit will make up fo", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant needs bussers to help the servers out..i 've been here before and experienced horrible customer service . this time i experienced better but not because the restaurant changed anything but because the server actually cared .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very poor experiences at this location . take out staff are anything but friendly . i often end up waiting up to 10 minutes just to get greeted . i recently ordered a 1 4 chicken meal and the chicken was very dry , i ended up giving it to my dog . wo n't visit again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want swiss chalet & you 're in this area of downsview , do n't come here . go to the dufferin- lawrence location , the customer service there is much better , i 'm serious ! we have had it dealing with keele-wilson , they do n't care at all about customers . we have been there in person & had delivery , the delivery is the worst ever . today we ordered chicken pot pie , caesar salad , pepsi next ( cause they offered it online & we wanted to try it ) , 1 4 chicken dinner & baked potato . the chicken pot pie arrived broken into pieces & lukewarm : ( the caesar salad was tasteless & bland . they sent regular pepsi instead of diet pepsi , did n't even phone and ask us what we wanted ! to top it off , we were n't even able to speak to to a csr and complain . the only phone number on the the receipt is for an automated customer service survey ! swiss chalet you suck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "out with old school love again . food is not hot . came out fast . would not come back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was pretty happy with the customer service at this swiss chalet . the server was very attentive , considering it was a friday night . food was quick , and delicious : ) they have some new things on the menu that look good ( chicken parm ) , but i stuck to the classic fyi sign up for their newsletter on their site and get a free app : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful customer service . takes a long time for food to arrive . server was rude and seemed like she hates her job . when my husband asked her one question about the food she replied with an annoyed tone and wanted to rush us . never coming to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "honestly ca n't complain about the place . everyone is friendly and it 's cheap as hell . they have a ton of dart boards and are always running leagues . to be honest , i 've only drank here so i have no clue about food . cash only but you prob wo n't need more than $ 20 . this place is also crazy on st patricks day and always a great place to start ... ... and end the day", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this bar . great irish place with awesome staff . had a great time on st patrick 's day even though it was packed . the guinness was poured perfect and the atmosphere was fun ! i did n't have any of the problems that the other poster had other than the corned beef lacking taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pint of guiness i 've ever had . a nice safe haven and reminder of what bars should be ... .friendly . family-owned and operated and truly a classic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought 10 guests to this establishment on st patrick 's day 2016 and initially thought it was a great place that did n't have too many people and thought . what a great place . bartenders were good but security had a massive chip on their shoulder that made us leave rather quickly . got a corned beef sandwich that was marginal at best . service again was very good but expect better quality for st pats . security would not allow us to carry water out the front door stating they could n't confirm what it was . now i know why there was plenty of space on a popular day of celebration . will never go to here again even though i have several friends in the neighborhood . spend all of your $ $ at stone mad instead . great people ! ! great service ! great outdoor music ! ! now heading to public house that we know is epic ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have tried everything under the sun to try and ruin a student 's livelihood because of a review i know schools are hard to shut down but the government can not allow staff to treat anyone as such like really discrimination is illegal just because she 's afraid for her life because they retaliate against her she forced to record everything that 's not how you go to school who protects the students who protects them", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after an especially frustrating and exasperating experience at a las vegas trade show i visited the school in feb. in hopes of stress-decompressing ! well , let me tell you , it worked ! my student masseuse linda was fabulous ! she had a firm , but not painful touch , and she asked me throughout if the pressure was right for me . she honored my wishes of not massaging my legs ; but to pay more attention to back and shoulders . it was well worth the drive over there from the strip , and i would visit again the next time i 'm in town . they are very professional and created an enjoyable experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go to this school . go to csn it 's a strictly for profit school that 'll take all your rights from you and will suck you dry of all your money . i got a job yes but the school is overpriced for the quality of education they give they try to con you into the school and make you take out a bunch of predatory loans . do n't go to this school you 'll thank me later .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ah , sitting alone in an empty restaurant while listening to christmas music and eating crappy chinese food . ya got ta love the holidays . i 'm sorry , but when the crunchy noodles that come free with the meal are the best part of the meal , then you 've got a problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "despite what yelp has to say about it being closed today , on a saturday , this restaurant is indeed open . the hostess was prompt and courteous with getting us a nice booth for our party of four . i ordered a raspberry iced tea , which was just fine for a flavored iced tea . for lunch , they have awesome lunch special deals . i got the beef lo mein with the egg flower soup , curry puff ( aka crab rangoon ) , and steamed rice . all of which was hot and delicious when it made its way to the table . the portion was a good size for the buck , although i wish they added a little more rice on the side . hey , beggars ca n't be choosers . the entire meal with the drink came to a whopping total of $ 6.75 . that 's a steal to me ! all in all , i was satisfied with my experience . i recommend it for anyone who likes chinese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its not the best but also not the worst . it gets a little pricey when you order by dish , but the lunch specials are reasonably priced . if you are expecting gourmet chinese then this is not the place for you . the rice is dry and the food is okay . nothing real special . customer service is good . very friendly family .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was super excited upon arrival at this cute little , authentic chinese restaurant . our gentleman server was very kind . we noticed there was no music in the restaurant and that kind of killed the vibe a bit , so someone in my group mentioned it and they turned the music on . the 3 star rating is mostly for the service and aesthetics of this place . the food was mediocre . fried rice was bland , minimal ingredients . the mongolian beef had 90 % onions and 10 % meat ... .. the prices are reasonable here though so i guess you really do get what you pay for . i probably will not be returning here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is in old downtown henderson . and it 's old . but old is good in some cases . the staff here are friendly and polite . the food may take a while , but good food is n't slapped together . the moo goo gai pan here is authentic and tasty . they also have some standbys like chicken and broccoli or orange chicken . my only complaint is that they have a difficult time keeping up during busy hours or with large parties . otherwise , i like to go and support local businesses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious , freshly prepared traditional chinese food ! waitstaff were very attentive & pleasant . my husband thought it was the best sweet & sour chicken he 's ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neigbors had recommended rose garden so we ordered take-out last night . what a disappointment . lemon chicken was thin and breaded ( not battered ) and deep fried with orange sauce - tasteless and gritty . hot and sour soup tasted smoky and awful and went into the sink . schewan was described as `` not too spicy '' and was so hot it was not edible . fried rice was good . they forgot the curry puffs and we got a double order of cheese wontons ( strange things these ) . would not recommend and will not go back . the people were friendly , the place is clean and prices are good . just not what we think of as 'good ' food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in this location attending a seminar , did n't want fast food so of course found this place on yelp . their lunch specials are cheap and a good size . i got egg drop soup , orange chicken and rice for under $ 7 . the chicken was not overly fried and the sauce was not too sweet . over all good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we come to rose garden at least once a month and their hospitality is above par . the portion sizes are always large . not to busy here as it 's in hidden part of old henderson but i do recommend coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon walking in i noticed an immediate unpleasant smell , which i thought might be contributed to the construction outside so i thought give it a chance . my girlfriend and i both ordered off the lunch specials and the sauces had decent flavor but the chicken was poor quality and somewhat mushy inside its batter , rice had no flavor the only reason this is not a one star is the staff was polite and two meals cost 11 $", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well , after reading the reviews on yelp i was n't too sure if i was willing to try rose garden but i took a chance and joined my family there . i sure am glad that i went . we had beef & brocolli , crispy noodles , gen tso chicken , orange chicken , other noodles , scheswan beef and steamed & fried rice . unlike many smaller chinese restaurants ... each entree had its own unique taste instead of all tasting similar . the staff was very friendly and aimed to please . will definitely return soon and would not be afraid to recommend this . i have a soft spot for small family businesses but when the food is good too , it 's a big plus ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the lunch special today and i was impressed ! one of the best chinese food restaurants i have found in henderson . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . above average chinese food in my opinion , and prices are very reasonable . looks to be just a family who runs it and they are always friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seriously love this place ! not only is the food yummy but the owners are so friendly and kind . we had a order delivered the other day and of course it did n't disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my to go chinese take out restaurant . it is on water street right next to a beauty salon and only 5 min away from home . their lo mein chicken is good and comes in big portions with lots of chicken . we always get family a 2 soups 2 eggrolls 2 tempura shrimps 1 fried rice 2 main entrees feeds 3 people for only $ 20 if you are light eaters then you can even have some left overs : - ) the wait is usually 25 min when it 's a slow day and the staff are very sweet , although they do n't speak perfect english they still put in the effort to help you understand . 3 stars because they told me my order would be ready in 20 min but it took them 50 min and they messed up my order twice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went last night because i had no idea it was even there . only had one server on and he was pleasant but within a 10 minute period 6 more guests arrived which put him as we restaurant people know the term ( in the weeds ) and had a hard time keeping up . i had two guests with me and unfortunately we all received our entrees at different times as well the hot and sour soup was good but barely warm.the food was good and hot . prices are good for what you get but the curry veg rice bowl needed allot of help . very bland . the general tsao was excellent but the fried rice needed some help too . overall it was just ok . but will return to try some of the other entrees .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was tasty , hot and plentiful . so hot that i almost thought they must have heated it up in a microwave ! lol except for the fried rice . that was on the verge of being cold . great service . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just decided to do my first review . i eat at this restaurant quite often and enjoy it so i decided to check out the reviews . i read one review with someone complaining because of the amount of food was not to satisfactory . i have to say that one of the reasons i like this place is because of the large amount of food . if you leeave here hungry that you need to change your diet . even the lunch special is enough for 2 people to share . the service is awesome , and the food is excellent . you ca n't go wrong with this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived out here in vegas for ten years and had trouble finding good chinese food until driving through downtown henderson and came across rose garden . this is some of the best chinese food i have ever tasted . i love their coconut chicken !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chicken teryaki bowl was not appetizing ! veggies and rice were mushy and the chicken was rubbery ! really wasnt flavorful at all ! the soup was tasty though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "little family owned place in downtown henderson . they remember all their regulars . i 'm not the biggest on chinese food but found it to be pretty good especially the pork fried rice . do n't expect anything fancy but it more than gets the job done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were in henderson for 3 nights . found the rose garden online . it is on a side street and not in a new , fancy area . but the food was absolutely wonderful ! my husband ordered chicken kon po and i ordered sweet and sour chicken . i was delighted when it arrived and had the goodies that restaurants use to serve : the yummy sauce , peppers , onions , carrots and pineapple ! and such a nice presentation on a tray . the restaurant is older but nice inside and the staff was very gracious . we live in n.c. and will probably never get here again but that will be our loss .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the beef pepper steak for 5.25 and it came with soup and spring roll . food was really great and the price was even better : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered walnut shrimp , beef lo mein , sesame chicken , and pot stickers ( they did n't make it to take a photo ) ! ! all of the food was exceptionally tasty . no complaints ! this is our second time ordering from rose garden and this is our new favorite take out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , nice people . they have never messed up an order or given bad food . it 's the best i have found in the vegas valley so far . i really like the mongolian beef . it 's just spicy enough to give it flavor and not be overbearing . lunch specials are a great size and price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we eat here all the time . great value on lunch specials from 11 to 4pm . nice family run business . food is good . big portions for price . never that busy so food comes out guick . wish it was busier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite mom and pop chinese restaurant.. ten million times better than pf changs . i love their schezwan beef !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thought we were going to san pan . when we got there it has changed their name . we looked inside and nobody was in there . we thought that was strange at 1pm on a saturday . well we went in and decided to try it . i will say i was pleasant surprises everything was very good . the place was very clean and i do n't know why it was n't busier . this is a good hole in the wall chinese restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best chinese food in downtown henderson . we get spoiled with the great value of the family dinner with great appetizers , wonton soup and yummy fried rice . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , clean , does n't smell like food in restaurant ( some chinese places smell like you 're in the kitchen ) , price was right and food exceeded expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to town maybe two months ago . hands down my favorite chinese food restaurant in henderson . great lunch specials !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for years . the food is really good for the price that you pay . if you are looking for good chinese food at a decent price this is the place to go . this place is good for kids and adults .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was really good and fairly cheap on the lunch specials . the servers were really and fast when i asked for extra sauces and utensils .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has been my favorite place to come to since i moved here 6 years ago . the food is always prepared fresh . the service has always been friendly , kind , and they remember people , i am always greeting with warm smiles and greetings . this is truly one of the better places to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer in this restaurant in about 13 years living in the area . i am very picky with my chineese and this place did very well for me . small but not too small , very comforting . family owned and do they really know how to put love into their food . will definatly come again . for those who care i ordered : chicken low mein , veggie low mein , orange chicken w steam rice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here and wo n't be the last . we were going to the play next door at theatre in the valley so decided to try the chinese rose garden . we thought the food was fresh , hot and flavorful . this will definitely be our `` pre-theatre '' dinner spot . we have n't tried the lunch specials but will definitely be back to give them a try too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "salt n pepper shrimp - make it happen ! their house fried rice is legit along with the hot and sour soup . i would say they could update their sign outside or make a website ... seems like their living in 1965 for some reason . i guess good chinese food has n't changed in 50 years !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered delivery for nye . the service was prompt friendly and delivered hot ! next time i would up the spice factor from medium to hot as two dishes we got just needed a little extra kick but the flavor was def good . we ordered way too much food but who does n't enjoy cold chinese esp with a hangover . looking forward to the egg foo young for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we eat at a lot of different restaurants , of all flavors . this is a great little restaurant for families and folks looking for great service at a great price . all we needed to do was to ask for a change and abracadabra , it was done . this is not a place to take your rich relatives , or especially those that are wannabe 's , but for a good chinese meal where your kids are ok , this is a great choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we wanted to try a retro , old style chinese restaurant . found this place on yelp for henderson 's old downtown and thought let 's check it out . pricewise , very reasonable . food quality , i 'd give it 3 out of 5 stars . the mongolian beef was overloaded with too many onions , not enough meat . the house fried rice was ok , but definitely have had better . the pot stickers were the one thing that were really delicious though . not bad , but probably would n't go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok food , never too busy , a relaxed environment , pleasant . the service could be more friendly i must admit however . i absolutely adore the feel of old school mom and pop restaurants . it seems in this corporate world they are becoming much harder to find especially here in the west .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go-to lunch spot and delivery restaurant ! i 've tried many menu items . i 've never been disappointed . i 've brought friends who come from other states . they all love the food and friendly service and prices as much as we do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is good and the lunch specials are at a great price . i usually get the beef and broccoli when i come for lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service and food we eat here every week , best chinese in henderson and very friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is fine , the office is close to my house and convenient . luckily i only come here once a year for my annual physical because if i was the type of person who needed to see the doctor more often i would look for a new office simply because the wait here is ridiculous every time i come . you can count on not being called back for an average of half an hour or more after your appointment time . my ob and pediatrician office both call us back right away , so there 's definitely a hiccup in the way they run things at options medical .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great family practice . dr. butterfield takes sufficient time with us every time and keeps track of all the changes . the wait may be a little long at times , but our good experience makes it worth it . just do n't be in a rush during your lunch break or something . i also like how he often has several ways to deal with an ailment and will suggest some home remedies to aid in your treatment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first hand experience : ordered a banana and peanut butter sandwich with a caramel apple milkshake . i never received said order because when we went on lunch to pick it up , it took over 30 minutes . seriously , over 30 minutes to make a peanut butter sandwich ? i called the store and asked for a refund due to non receipt . the guy did n't even ask why i wanted my money back and said `` reversal done '' and hung up . i was sure to inform my coworkers and will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "expensive ! no prices on their website or in the restaurant . $ 10 per sandwich easy . i read the previous reviews and thought i 'd check it out . not good . edible . potato salad tastes like they bought it from the grocery store deli . order was wrong even after i clarified when i picked up and had to wait for my to go order . there was one person in the place . wo n't be back , it 's not gourmet , bad quiznos at best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took 30mins for me to receive my sub and the place was not even crowded . my sub which cost $ 9.98 was far from being worth of value , the shredded chicken was extremely dry . i observed the owner of the establishment ( sharon ) eat food behind the counter next to the ingredients . she then came around the counter to speak with customers and noticed she was wearing sandals no socks while cooking . after seeing these few things as i waited for my sub it made me feel like the place was unsanitary . but again worst part of all is i waited 31mins for a sub . . never again will i bring my business or recommend this as a good place to eat . its called hookmeup and i was far from hooked up . jersey mikes is much better for the price", "score": "1"}
{"review": "warning ! the menu is extremely long . ... but i decided . the rueban was amazing . wish the pastrami was warmed up a bit more . they really should take gourmet out of the slogan . but overall experience was good . cashier dude did `` hookmeup '' with a large drink- wink wink- but hooking people up is not good for business . speaking of business , i do n't think this place is doing so well . sad to hear when my sandwich was so good . i will be back to support a local business and of course for an amazing sandwich . till then hook-us-up with lower prices !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered through yelp because i 'm lazy and was actually really surprised at how fast it came ! the food was soo good and the potato salad is bomb ! ( nsa not a real bomb ) the sandwich was fresh and the guy who delivered it was really sweet so i defiantly recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pastrami sandwich was great . the sandwich was so big it could be a meal for two . i ate half of it for dinner . the flavor really represented an upper echelon type sandwich . if you want a new eating experience i 'd give it a shot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the manager was very welcoming and greeted us soon as we walked in . he showed us the menu ( 150 choices ) and gave us great pointers . the wait was a little long but the manager brought everyone that was waiting for their food free macaroni salad which was delicious as well ! this place is great and i would recommend it to anyone who asked me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super expensive ... .but good . place is new ... so a little disorganized . they have like 40 different kinds sandwhiches .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "having just moved to the phoenix metro area , i was looking for a new go-to spot that was near my new home . i wanted something that was quick , delicious , and satisfying . i 've found all that here with hookmeup . the extensive menu is a bit daunting and overwhelming at first glance , but i 've tried a new sandwich during each visit and have enjoyed everything thus far . the staff here is also very friendly . good customer service definitely goes a long way . the only downside is it can get a bit pricey , but you definitely receive a decent sized sub . i 'm a pretty big eater and even i was stuffed after my meal . i recommend this place if you 're in the neighborhood or just looking for a quality sub shop . thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd read so many good comments about this sandwich shop in our local fb group and was glad to have the chance to stop by to try after a doc visit this morning . it 's hard to choose from the gazillion sandwiches they offer -- they had a boardful of just the faves on the wall , lots of 'em . apparently , i must 've hit the fave , because just while we were there , many others came or called in asking for # 51 . it was a good choice . delish ! ! fresh sourdough bread , generous serving , and really fresh-tasting ingredients . really good combo of flavors , too . owners and staff , all friendly and helpful . we wish them much success . convenient location , too , so close to the i-10 , at 48th st , just north of chandler . had to edit my post to add that i was very impressed by the cleanliness . i really , really appreciate eating in a place that everything you see and touch is all clean ... yes , even the restroom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these sandwiches are completely scrumptious . i am not a vegetarian but i got their vegan meatballs and it was so tasty . kez behind the counter was friendly and helpful answering all of my questions about the huge variety of sandwiches . while the price was around $ 9 for a sandwich it was completely worth it . i know that sentence sounds nuts but it is n't . go and eat here . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got the razzle dazzle & three wise guy & not worth the 15 minute wait . chicken was dry & bread seemed store bought .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wife and i just had the # 70 and # 73 with all the veggies delivered , one of the best sandwiches we can remember having . the quality is good and you get a lot ! if you ca n't finish the second half like us , separate the bread when you refrigerate it so it does n't get too soggy the next day . had it delivered twice and was faster then what they estimated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just fair . no one greeted me when i walked in , not clear where to put in an order . at least acknowledge your customers . my warmed up hot sandwich had lukewarm cheese and cold chicken . not a great experience overall . to be fair they did want to make things right and they are giving me a significant coupon discount to try them again . however i am not going to go out of my way .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome flavor ! they use some sauce that makes the taste pop . i got the three wishes sandwich , stacked high with toppings , it took a couple days to finish this beast of a sandwich . really clean interior and great service at an unbelievable price for how much meat you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the big tony . ingredients were fresh , service was awesome and the sandwich was perfectly crafted . price was very reasonable . i talked to the owner while my sandwich was prepared . they have tons of sandwich options with unique names . i will be back soon . the price was very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they say they close at 8:00 . but it 's 7:20 and your doors are locked and tables are up . never got to try you guys and now never will .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent food , excellent service ! best sandwich shop in ahwatukee . rob kicks ass ! they have delicious cookies . the staff here are amazingly nice and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we first ordered from here for delivery . which was great because there are no other sandwich deliveries in the area . we liked it so much that the following week we stopped in for a quick bite . the staff was friendly and everything is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sandwiches and customer service in town . ingredients are always fresh and have always been greeted with a smile . i 've recommended this place to all my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were looking for a place to stop for lunch on our way to the airport . the reviews were spot on . this place is awesome ! had the `` famous big 5 '' lunch special and it was delicious . as if the food did n't speak for itself , the owners were kind , attentive , and genuinely cared about their restaurant . hookmeup has definitely made our must-stop list for phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of choices ! had reuben and turkey sandwhich ... both were excellent . very good quality . we will call in order next time to save time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough good stuff about the great food and outstanding service at hookmeup . i 've been in several times and have tried several sandwiches . all of them have been stellar . fresh ingredients . hundreds of combinations . all brought to you by a super-friendly and always helpful staff . the only negative is that they need more customers . oh , and there might be crack in the signature secret silly sauce ! keep it up hookmeup , i have hundreds of more sandwiches to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great food . the best quality meat i 've ever had , will be a frequent customer here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches ( all natural and locally sourced , by the way ) and the peanut butter milkshake is awesome . definitely come eat here instead of getting some bs subway .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ate here for lunch today with a group of 7 people . the staff was so friendly and attentive and fast ! this is our favorite place to eat in phoenix when we come up to visit . we ordered a variety of sandwiches ( some to go , some we eat there , because that 's how good they are ) . the ingredients were fresh and every sandwich we got was delicious . the atmosphere is great , though we do miss those silly chalkboard walls . keep up the great work , you all are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just visited hook me up . i got `` the clown '' . it was great . the bread was fresh and had the perfect consistency . the blend of chicken and roast beef with the silly sauce made for a real treat . my wife had the french dip . she said the beef had a good flavor , and the au jous was very nice and flavorful . she is really picky so for her to like it tells me it was top shelf . the crew was quick and attentive . the facility was clean and well lit . prices are 10 bucks on average , but not the fast food level of quality , so worth the price if you want to upgrade . changed name . i have n't been able to stop by since .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was not that happy when i decided to try this place just recently . i ask what they recommend and was told the french dip was really good so i decide to go with that and the total comes to over $ 10 ! i 'm thinking wow this must be a really good sandwich to be that much , so why not i 'll give it a try . let 's just say i did n't even finish the other half that 's how disappointing it was , the meat was chewy and the taste was not worth the money spent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good sub sandwich . first quality ingredients . very pricy however . a combo will set you back $ 15 . the bright side i could n't eat anything for the rest of the day after a lunch here . really big , filling sandwich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , i love the customer service and the food is amazing as well . i will be back . by the way try the thanksgiving . great sandwich and the potato salad is amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! the staff are super friendly and the sandwiches are so good ! i tried the new york reuben and it was one of the best reubens i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the name fits their style 100 % . they hook you up with quality sandwich meat , but also bake their own breads in house ! everything i 've had was thick and juicy and thinking about it now is even making my mouth water . these guys really know what it means to make a gourmet sandwich . it 's not about rushing food out to be scarfed down , their food is to be enjoyed . several different specialty coke drinks only sweeten the deal . from a root beer float flavor to their dirty coke , you just ca n't go wrong . the staff is also very friendly and helpful when it comes to walking you through their 150 different sandwiches . the hook up does n't stop there ! they did n't even hesitate when asked to donate to charity events that serve orphans and other community projects in the phoenix area . overall , it 's safe to say they spare no expense when it comes to customer satisfaction . hookmeup is just a great place to go whether on your lunch break , or meeting with friends . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gourmet fast food sums up this place . high end ingredients at an affordable price . since they make all sandwiches fresh , it does take a few extra minutes than subway . but seriously it 's worth the wait . the adage of , `` pick any 2 ; fast , price , quality '' . you can have any two but never three . this place has got the price and the quality . nothing even close to their awesomeness in ahwatukee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big italian sandwich was awesome . only recommendation is to have a sandwich of the day and a couple featured sandwiches to help people who have trouble choosing from the epically long list of 150 sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closed : now the location is occupied by sammie 's sandwich shop . i stopped by to get my hookmeup fix and was shocked to see they are gone . sammie 's said they have some of the same sandwiches but with their personal touch . still have the fireman 's cookies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place , i happened to stumble upon this place while out shopping and taking a look on yelp . met the owners of the shop , they are true believers in what they do and the quality of their product ... . and i am too ! good luck in your future endeavors , if you open a shop in n.scottsdale i 'll be your first customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly one of the best sandwiches i 've ever had . everything was incredibly fresh , and innovative ! the secret silly sauce is delish and homemade ! i had the razzle dazzle sandwich and i could n't get enough ! ! it 's chicken , bacon , avocado and pepper jack . bread is fresh , chicken was fresh , and avocado was yummy and green : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my new favorite sandwich shop in ahwatukee ! i got the italian and it was delicious ! you can tell all the ingredients are cut fresh and the bread is soft and plump . the owner buys cookies from a local fireman who owns his own cookie business so i was happy to support our fireman as well . great place ! i ca n't wait to bring my dad and husband here ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and two young boys love the sandwiches at this place , the only problem : too many to choose from ! oh my goodness , the sandwiches are great , they 're also very generous portions and the service is superior . definitely will be regulars here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing ! also , the staff could n't be any friendlier . i work nearby and it 's my go-to lunch place . not once have i come in and not been greeted right away with a smile . ca n't beat the service here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! this place is awesome ! i do n't generally like to spend money on sandwiches , but it 's worth every penny at this place . i 'm from prescott and rarely drive out that way , but the drive would be worth it ! awesome food folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches with natural ingredients , extensive meat and veggie options . good deal on the lunch special , friendly and personal service , and walking distance to our hotel . score ! great place to pick up lunch to go , very convenient to i-10 at exit 160 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! ! a little over whelming to pick a sandwich but the worker was very helpful to pick 1 of the 50 ! ! ! best sandwich i have ever had ! i 'm pregnant and the owner brought me a free chocolate shake and it was delicious he said it was for the baby ! ! ! i 'll be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the second time i 've gone here and they 've yet to disappoint ! i ordered the goddess sandwich with the sauce and it was phenomenal ! they owners are so friendly and helpful ( there 's over 150 sandwiches to choose from ) . i ca n't wait to go back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i had these sandwiches the other day and we were pleasantly surprised by the size and the quality of the food . the owner was very nice and wanted you to know that the meats were not that low quality stuff that you get atmost otherplaces . let me tell you , you could really tell once you got the food ! i ordered the italian , there wasa ton of really wonderful meat in it . the sandwiches are huge and really good . we are planning one returning and sharing a sandwich next time because truthfully , leftover sandwiches are just hit or miss . the other half of the meat was used in an anti pasto salad . it 's hidden , but we 'll worth the trip ! order ahead and really read the menu , there are some great ideas on there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will probably never enjoy a sandwich from any other restaurant ever again , hook me up is amazing ! i 've tried four different sandwiches so far and i 've loved every single one ! go here and try it right now ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great quality meats and bread , with very friendly service ! this is a great local sandwich shop that you should try today . i 've been there a few times now when i 'm in the area , and especially enjoy the crunchy roll for my sandwich . however , i do have one complaint that stopped me from leaving 5 stars , and that is the drink selection . the iced tea is that concentrated crap . step it up guys , with some brewed tea , like china mist or similar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "under new management . probably the friendliest sandwich shop i 've ever been to . ca n't recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible selection of sandwiches meat , vegan , and vegetarian options . was told they have 150 different sandwiches . have never visited and eaten here before and came for lunch . my mom and i were met with exceptional service with someone explaining some of their most popular sandwiches , the options of choosing by meat , and gave helpful suggestions . dined in and even once sitting and trying the sandwich two of their workers came by to check in and see how we liked the sandwiches . i ordered the lunch size of whooly bully and was also given a side of their house silly sauce ( their nut free version of a pesto sauce ) . this particular sandwich was made on a nice baguette type bread , do n't know if all the sandwiches are made on the same type of bread . could n't finish even the lunch size and they very nicely bagged the other half to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience at hook me up . high quality meat , big sandwiches , and great taste . thank you for walking me through the sandwich options and providing exceptional customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! ! ! ! huge portions and insanely higher quality than any other place . customer service is phenomenal as well . go there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here twice and the hat trick sandwich is amazing ! honestly , it is the best sandwich i 've ever had . the prices are high , but the sandwiches can be pretty large depending on the type you get . i am only able to eat half of a sandwich , so it ends up turning into two meals . there are 150 sandwich types , which is pretty neat but can be overwhelming at first . the employee who served us both times was very nice and offered us free fountain drinks and chips . he even let us try our sandwiches he made , and if we did n't like it he said he would make something else for us . great customer service and good quality food ! just hope with their prices that they stick around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! what a nice sandwich place ! there menu is outstanding and the choices are almost endless . had the ruben and one of the best i have ever had ; prepared perfectly and quickly . i recommend this place to any sandwich lover !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , silly sauce is amazing ! ! ! ! lots of great all natural meat sandwiches to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiches had me dripping . great customer service . clean place . good food . there 's so many sandwiches to choose from its amazing i recommend everyone to come to come eat here . chose sandwich 59 really good . the best sandwiches in arizona ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwiches . goddess is huge and tastes great . 3 little pigs i 'd like more bacon , but that it 's just me being me : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is suuuuper good . it totally surpasses subway , and you get good portions for your money . this store manager rob was courteous and made me feel welcome . this is my new neighborhood sub shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken in these sandwiches send to be shredded , which is different , but i think i like it a opposed to a whole breast , or sliced deli style . `` the one '' was good and spicy . it was recommended i put out in a tomato wrap , which was quite good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sandwich . been here a couple of times and have n't had a bad experience yet . sandwiches are well done , staff is friendly , and restaurant was clean . recommend the toy woody . will eat here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like this sandwich shop ! the selection and amount of options are huge ! they are a small mom and pop and everything is made fresh so you will need to wait a little , but it 's worth it ! over 150 pre-made options and you can customize any of them . we have been here only twice , but we plan to keep coming back . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i tried this place for the very first time today , and i have to say we were extremely disappointed that we had not been here before ! my husband and i both had to completely different sandwiches and both were extremelydelicious . the bread the vegetables the meats , everything you could tell was extremely fresh ! we have finally found our favorite sandwich place . and the staff are all very friendly ! we really wish we would have tried this place sooner rather than wasting time and money on other sandwich places ! if you have never been i highly highly highly highly recommend going here asap ! yum ! ! ! and they treated my 20 month old daughter like royalty !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiches were great . i 'd recommend checking out the menu before you go , as it can be a bit overwhelming . the sassy sauce is amazing . staff was friendly , prices were a little higher than i expected but the portions were great . this place will be our new go-to instead of subway or anywhere else from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been hearing how good this place is under new owners so stopped in for lunch today . i had the # 3 , which is basically buffalo chk . per their suggestion had it as a wrap , toasted . super good , good as any in a sit down restaurant . nice staff , great lunch special . folks next to me had theirs made as a salad which looked awesome . i will be back with my family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were stopping by to pick up sandwiches for lunch on our way to slide rock . the service was so great ! they explain everything and even give up extra bag of chips and drinks for yelp offer . the sandwich portions are huge ! j had world famous chicken and i had tuna . we both love it ! i like the tuna salad since it was not too mayo-ee ( if that 's even a word =d ) . i can taste chunk of tuna . we got the irish cream firehouse cookies and it was a perfect picnic lunch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "family owned and a wide array of sandwiches . literally hundreds of sandwiches written up on the wall to chose from and every one i 've tried so far has been delicious . fresh cookie-brownies from local firefighters , wide variety of chips , and something i 've never seen in az -- an rc cola machine ! if you 're thinking about ordering ... .do it now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most excellent ! friendly staff guided us to damming nirvana ! bread was incredibly fresh and you could really taste the meats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was driving around looking for a sandwhich olace and rememebered seeing this before . we decided to stop in and wow . theres around 150 sandwhich choices but they have certain sections that are divided up by the meat . i went with the toy wood , it was so good . the customer service was amazing and its rare to come aa cross it these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just ate here for the first time today . the sandwiches are so super yummy . the ingredients are top quality and so fresh . the amazing flavors coming from the in house roasted chicken breast and silly sauce are just so yummy . i had a number 5 . i will come back to taste the rest of the menu . great lunch specials too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have enjoyed sandwiches , salads ( any sandwich can be a salad with a choice of greens ) , and milkshakes four times in the last three months ( home delivery and onsite ) . the staff is extremely accommodating to whatever your dietary needs or preferences are . the cost is a bit more than average , but the ingredients are better quality than your typical sandwich shop so it is reasonable to pay more . we understand that soon the shop will have a name change without changes to the offerings . we hope that this wonderful shop will thrive in ahwatukee so we can continue enjoying delicious , healthy food . btw their milkshakes are a must try item , i especially like the black cherry shake and they made me an off menu rootbeer shake that was also amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best french dip sandwiches i had . upgrade $ 1 to the prime rib : ) the employees there are really nice and takes their time to explain the menus for first timers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dire qu'on y va pour autre chose que les plats , ce serait mentir ! en effet , le menu d\u00e9jeuner est excellent : beaucoup de choix , originalit\u00e9 , options pour tous les go\u00fbts ... et c'est tr\u00e8s bon ! je recommande surtout les diff\u00e9rents types de grattins qui donne envie de l\u00e8cher le fond de son assiette . tout le menu vient avec une petite brochette de fruits en entr\u00e9e ... on aime ! mais , et il y a des mais , le reste aurait bien besoin d'am\u00e9lioration . lors de mes 3 visites ( ma meilleure amie habite juste \u00e0 c\u00f4t\u00e9 et proximit\u00e9 motive ) , il y a beaucoup d'attente pour s'asseoir . le service est lent , souvent absent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "adresse sympathique pour un brunch dominical sur la rue masson . la carte propose des plats app\u00e9tissants . j'ai opt\u00e9 pour le gratin mara\u00eecher , parfait pour se r\u00e9chauffer . un point n\u00e9gatif , l'attente pour avoir une table , il y avait pas mal de monde . le service a \u00e9t\u00e9 rapide ce qui rattrape un peu l'attente . c'est une adresse poussette friendly donc id\u00e9al pour les familles .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'aime bien le petit look resto de \u00b4sex in the city ' . la bavette le midi est un merveilleux rapport qualit\u00e9 prix . et c'est toujours cuit exactement \u00e0 notre souhait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service attentionn\u00e9 sans trop de fla fla ... bouffe tr\u00e8s bonne tartare de saumon bien assaisonn\u00e9 , avec zeste de citron , noix de grenoble et concombre . miam miam . calmar sont aussi tr\u00e8s frais et tendres . toujours une ardoise au go\u00fbt du jour . nois avions le choix des p\u00e9toncles sur pur\u00e9e de carottes avec chips de canard.resto de quartier parfait pour un souper relax et satisfaisant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pas mauvais mais beaucoup trop cher pour ce que c'est : 50 $ pour 2 plats de p\u00e2tes r\u00e9chauff\u00e9s et 2 verres d'eau . service impeccable en revanche .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great menu . many things we would like to go back for . very busy but the line moved quickly and it was a short wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually come here for sunday brunch , plenty of choices and combinations from the menu , texas style breakfast ( spicy ) is my favorite , great service , professional and you can discover local artist expo on the wall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nous avons tent\u00e9 l'exp\u00e9rience pour le d\u00e9jeuner : alors que les assiettes semblaient originales . elles n'\u00e9taient pas mauvaises mais vraiment trop sal\u00e9es ( je ne suis g\u00e9l\u00e9ralement pas plaignarde : p ) . l'allong\u00e9 n'\u00e9tait pas bon , mais ce n'est vraiment pas surprenant dans un restaurant , alors on passe vraiment par-dessus ! sinon le service \u00e9tait bien . l'ambiance \u00e9tait un peu bizarre , nous nous sentions comme dans un restaurant de banlieu avec peu de personnalit\u00e9 . bref , nous n'avons rien v\u00e9cu de d\u00e9sagr\u00e9able , mais tellement rien de ph\u00e9nom\u00e9nale non plus . nos choix : croque-monsieur au boeur brais\u00e9 et pommes caram\u00e9lis\u00e9es b\u00e9n\u00e9 fran\u00e7ais . 1 filtre et 1 allong\u00e9", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nous sommes tomb\u00e9 dessus par hasard avec mon amie et quelle belle d\u00e9couverte nous connaissons tous les places pour bruncher sur masson et c \u00e9tait la derni\u00e8re qui nous restait \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir et surprise de loin la meilleure j ai d\u00e9j\u00e0 h\u00e2te d'y retourner mes oeufs bendict \u00e9taient parfait d\u00e9licieux l assiette de fruits sur le . c\u00f4te est appr\u00e9ci\u00e9e pour ne pas que \u00e7a baigne dans la sauce ... . le caf\u00e9 d\u00e9licieux bref le tout au top je vous le recommande vivement mon.amie \u00e0 pris ma.crepe au brie et l a trouve succulente alors n h\u00e9sitez plus c est la.place \u00e0 brunch c est s\u00fbre", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the titanesque , and it was true to its name ! gigantic platter with poached eggs , toast , sausages , ham , baked beans , french toast ( pain dor\u00e9 ) , bacon , roasted potatoes , delicious but impossible to finish . my wife had the duck eggs benedict- hollandaise sauce was delicious and buttery but not much duck meat . we left with full stomachs , but the quality of the food could have a been a little bit better . a step above a diner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the epic burger made with bison meat and it was epic . the mussels my wife ordered were amazing as well . indoor and outdoor seating . good drink selection as well . recommended of you 're in the area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "burnt toast , homemade ham was overcooked and cheapest eggs possible for breakfast . not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "l'entr\u00e9e de raviolis aux champignons \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieuse et les linguinis aux deux saumons aussi ! ! l'ambiance \u00e9tait bonne . d\u00e9finitivement un endroit o\u00f9 je vais retourner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my favorites brunch restaurant near my home . it 's a good place to have different kind of breakfast , but i 'm really like all their pancake , crepes and french toast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s jolie . un peu sombre pour le jour . ait choisi un gratin massif pour d\u00e9jeuner . excellent ! servent les fruits du d\u00e9jeuner pendant qu'on attend notre plat , c'est une bonne id\u00e9e .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was for the tartarefest that i came here . unfortunately , the tartares were n't that good , even if the special was 10 $ , including a glass of alcohol , it was n't worth it . my mom got the salmon tartare , which was n't fresh as expected , even coming from frozen salmon . my beef tartare was tasteless . i could only enjoy the few cheese flakes . the hostess gave a better service than the waitress ... in a few words , tartarefest at this place was a disppointment . i would give a second chance on their regular menu ... maybe sometime , or not .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wir haben 2006 bei mega-k\u00fcchen eine k\u00fcche gekauft und k\u00f6nnen im nachhinein sagen , dass es nicht h\u00e4tte besser laufen k\u00f6nnen ! kompetente beratung , vermessung vor ort und gute ideen durch den verk\u00e4ufer bei der gestaltung der k\u00fcche in unserem altbau . aufbau durch flotte und handwerklich geschickte arbeiter . perfekt . heute - vier jahre sp\u00e4ter - habe ich bei der firma angefragt , ob sie uns die ma\u00dfe der k\u00fcche nochmal zuschicken k\u00f6nnten . ging problemlos , unkompliziert , kostenfrei . das mag jetzt vielleicht \u00fcbertrieben klingen , aber ein besseres k\u00fcchenstudio habe ich bislang noch nicht erlebt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wirklich mal sehr freundliche mitarbeiter und einen ebenso netten chef . preis- leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis stimmt auch absolut . das pr\u00e4dikat service-minded kann also auch in der deutschen service-w\u00fcste vergeben werden .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not going to get into a long diatribe about this place that has n't already been said before , so i 'll keep it short and sweet ... that 's some of the best food i 've ever had at a transmission shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time reviewer . pinky 's food is very good . i am long time `` waddling bird '' customer and i have to say , pinky 's food is even better . now , i did not get a burger here . instead i got the fried pickles , white bean humus and a chicken spinach salad ( my creation ) and they all 3 were very good . i am impressed . good job y'all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no place to park in their small lot , but other than that i had a great experience . i got an order to go . vegan : the nature boy ( no pepper jack cheese , no chipotle mayo , on a gluten-free bun ) with a side of black eye pea salad . everything was delicious , prepared as requested , ready when i arrived at the specified time , and was a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` if it 's funky , i 'll find it '' , says guy fieri . well this place is funky and triple d found it . definitely one of the most unique restaurants in the charlotte area . you 'll definitely find originality here whether it be from the eclectic decor , oddly creative menu , or highly attentive staff . ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu , whether you chose a burger , app , or something as odd as corn dog shrimp ? trust me , it works . and the service here is always great . got ta love an establishment that puts customers first !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a fun place to have lunch and drinks ! ! the menu offers many types of burgers as well as chicken sandwiches among many other choices . the menu had a large selection of choices likely to please most pallets . serving sizes were generous to say the least . i 'm not a huge burger fan , that said i had their smaller burger which to me was huge as well as fantastic . they offer several sides including regular fries as well as yummy sweet potato fries . pinky 's offer a full service bar as well as numerous drafts including from many local breweries . parking is in a side lot a short distance past the resturant . there are several seating areas both at the actual bar as well as inside a small patio outdoor seating area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmmmmmmmmmmm ... . do i really need to say more ? ! seriously , this is the place to go if you are craving something usual with a twist . fried pickles are great , and any of the burger options are very good . i personally love the ding dong burger ... it simply gives an amazing asian flair to an already good burger . also , if you are a corn-dog lover , then this is the place for you . these are n't your standard , buy them frozen and in bulk , and we can can stick them in the deep fryer and hope they taste good , corn dogs . these are great corn dogs , with flavor in every bite , and blanketed in a great cornbread covering . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we decided to venture out to pinky 's tonight and it did not disappoint ! it 's smaller than i expected and there was a 20 minute wait but as soon as we sat down we were greeted and had our drinks quickly . we did n't have one server , instead whoever was nearby came over to ask us if we needed anything . the service was excellent ! we got the popcorn chicken salad , regular burger , and waffle fries . the popcorn chicken is really good and their honey mustard is homemade and one of the best i 've ever had ! my fianc\u00e9 really enjoyed his burger as well . we decided to have the banana pudding for dessert and it definitely stole the show . the serving was enormous ! ! definitely enough for 4 people . it was soooooo good ! it 's a must try if you visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't miss the westside randy ( ? ) with bacon , and the white trash burger . i 've had both and ca n't wait for another drive though charlotte to try something else . this is n't necessarily a place to take grandmaw ! it 's loud and proud , and do n't take crap . roving servers are a little weird at first but makes for superior service to go with the kick ass chow . i could easily say 5 stars but i am sober tonight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pinky 's lived up to and went beyond the hype ! food was really phenomenal - you must order a burger ding dong style . service was very speedy and the price ca n't be beat . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check it out ! funky crazy delicious ! fish tacos and crab puppies were excellent . wait staff is friendly . parking is tight . this is one of those places that has such a personality and it is so worth going !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . great food , great atmosphere , great beer . some of my favorites are the corndog shrimp and the white trash burger . i tried this place because it was on diners , drive-ins and dives from the food network and i was not disappointed . this is a great local diner . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is because there 's no convenient parking , it can get too crowded and loud , and i feel like while they have some great craft beer , there could be more variety to it , especially better supporting the local breweries . with that said , i 'll be eating here over and over again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best turkey burger in town ! ! full bar , great beer selection , and very casual . consistently good service and food . do n't leave without getting a homemade dessert ! there is usually a wait , but the tables turn fairly quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crab puppies and fried pickles ... so good . love this place . nice beer selection and friendly staff makes for a great saturday afternoon lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "white trash burger is amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great beer selection , great burger and sides , very friendly service , uplifting atmosphere , nothing bad to say about this charlotte gem . recommended for any occasion , lunch , weekend out with the friends or family . the food is excellent , definitely a must try for anyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a place that knows what it is and does it the right way . i 've been here a few times , and every visit has been true to the following principles . 1 ) food cooked to perfection . 2 ) quick and attentive staff , from host to server to bartender , nobody leaves you hanging . 3 ) clean location , quality , and a genuinely friendly staff . if you find yourself in the uptown area , this is a no-brainer for a great lunch dinner whatever . my recommendations : white trash burger , pickle chips , da pimp , or if you are feeling extra southern - a double westside style ( chili , slaw , mustard , add cheese , boom goes the dynamite ) . i 'll be back time and time again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all the location is awesome . you have to actually take your time and see all the artwork posted around the building . you can even buy some artwork ! awesome ! now to the good stuff , my burger called the jive turkey . it was a really well seasoned and juicy turkey patty . i deff had to put the works called everything . which included lettuce , tomato , pickles and onions . they do n't have combination plates so your sides are sold separate . i had waffle fries and i bought a side of house made tartar sauce . i enjoyed the tartar sauce , definitely a score . service was great , not to mention he was cute . the menu was executed well with quirky funky names .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best banana pudding i 've had from a restaurant ! i go to pinkys just to order the banana pudding", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where do i start ? this place is delicious at an affordable price point ! the service was immaculate . not only was my assigned serve attentive , but the entire staff was aware of the entire restaurant , knowing when to take the check and moving in unbelievable unity . thankyou for the experience . also , for my fellow vegetarians , there were so many optiosn and ones that did not break the bank !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of pinkys . i love the white trash burger and the ding dong sandwich . when i first had the ding dong , i was skeptical . peanut butter combined with sriracha and cilantro ? these three items were never meant to be said in the same sentence , yet somehow , they come together to create a sandwich that leaves you confused but satisfied at the same time . i would also recommend the fried pickles . one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burgers and cocktails here are truly great ! i highly recommend checking this place out , especially considering the very reasonable pricing . the menu has a wide variety of burgers , salads , etc . it has a nice neighborhood feel to it and comfortable vibe . the environment was a little loud for my taste but the food and drinks were amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great lunch locations with a hip vibe ! the burgers and tater tots are my favorite , more specifically the white trash burger . service is ok - definitely not the best since your waiter seems to switch so you never know who is responsible for your table . the location is a little tight but still comfortable for a small groups of no more than 5 . parking is limited in front of the restaurant . you must park in the lot right before the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummmm ! so good . cheap food , great specials and a good atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really cool . it 's kinda funky and weird but very good . the food was really good and the service was really good too . very good for vegetarians as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after growing up going to the penguin with me and my dad when i was little , i was so sad when the guys left . but so happy they opened pinkys . even though i now live in oregon . every time i come to town , it 's the place we go . their fried pickles and the pimiento chili dog is the best ! always going to be my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it is a total hole in the wall but the prices and great and the food is better . service is always quick and efficient . a lot of times i get a cocktail and on friday they have craft beer roulette which is fun . unicorn tears cocktail = delicious . as for food , i 've liked everything that i 've gotten . i tend to get the westside randy pita with chicken on it and a side of delicious fried goodness onion rings . we go all the time . never had a bad experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best restaurants in charlotte . hands down . burgers are incredible , fried pickles are the bomb , french fries are delicious . fun atmosphere ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place . tommy is very helpful . anything you need , he will help you with it . and they have great juices and hardware selection . i got to try a lot of their juices as well as their sub ohm mods . i went to other shops , and they all seem to have just the skinny clearimizers which does not draw as good as the sub ohm . if you are new to vaping , this is a great place to go to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , this does n't even deserve 1 star.. i recently bought 3 bottles of their house juice . they told me it was 70 30 vg pg ratio , and i asked for 3mg.. first , all flavours sucked . juice is runny , and vapour production is n't good which leads me to believe it is 50 50 ratio . i asked for 3mg specifically but i get unbelievably uncomfortable throat hits ... terrible . definitely not 3mg , possibly 6mg or higher . flavours were also not as described . shitty products aside , customer service was also terrible . the girl was nice , but the other guy was rude . i said good morning and he did n't even look at me or acknowledge my presence . i felt generally uncomfortable in this shop.. the only reason why i bought the juices anyway was because i was out of juice , and the description sounded good . no dripping samples either . will not be returning to this shop , and i encourage everybody to find somewhere else to shop for vape products . seriously , terrible environment . very unwelcoming .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff . great people . they actually helped me quit smoking . i would recommend this vase store to everyone . you feel like you 're talking to a peer more than talking to a sales rep .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah , this place is great ! lost my vape virginity here . the owner helped me out and showed me everything . he clearly knew what he was doing . i highly suggest coming here . they have a guinea pig . too legit . it 's a good place to stop by and smoke for a bit , you know ? i bought some awesome flavours ; scooby snacks , yummy gummy bear and white sweet nuts . yeah just go and check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard good things about these people as they seem to be very health conscious with their posted policy of asking all e liquids to be tested every 3 months .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dunzo . too bad . it was a poor man 's antone 's [ re : clifford antone ] . saw many good live indie acts there and the stage was oh-so-close to the audience , but it was hellish to try to get a drink during a packed house show .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow , this is exactly what the downtown area needs more of . considering our nightlife is catatonic . a live venue is the only spark of civilization during the week nights . the area can be sketch..but usually during the day . you are spiting distance from the sheriffs office so it kinda gives a sense of security . the look and feel to the place is classic old . seating is available for the loungers . a couple round booths and some stand up tables . stage is big enough to hold antedote , living legends , and hiero ... so basically figure it 's a large stage . beer selection is good . and they mix drinks too . i 've had friends complain they are weak..but i usually roll with hardcore drunks ... so go figure them being weak . the acoustics are ok. some problems have occurred while i was there . but i am never phased by that . i 've been to scrappy 's and the nile . so i 'm kinda used to it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i get lost almost every time i go here , but once i get there , i 'm always pleased . every show i 've ever been to here has been amazing . i 've never been frustrated with the sound there , which is usually a big issue for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a cool venue to catch a show . i actually played a show here and it was good times . they have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers . they also have a nice sized bar which can handle a good sized crowd . we all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue . i really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's in the shape of a butterfly ! you probably wo n't know it by just being there , but seeing it on the map as i added the business i discovered that the pathway forms a butterfly shape . there are cement prints of butterflies throughout the park as well . i have driven past one of it 's entrances ( near ru san 's ) for years and had been curious where it goes . today i solved that mystery . if you are looking for a quiet park , this makes the short list . it 's a clean park with a playground for the kiddos , tennis court , 1 basketball hoop , a mini sandbox , and a rotunda . it would be ideal for a family party or picnic with friends . plus , there is plenty of open space to throw a frisbee or play catch with your pooch . i just adore parks and this one was a pleasant surprise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nestled in between sedgefield and the edge of dilworth is this community park . the park consists of cement walkways that circle the park , a basketball court , a picnic shelter , playground , tennis court and a few benches throughout the park . there 's even a small creek that runs through the park . this is a nice smaller alternative to freedom park which can get extremely busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great park to walk to and walk the dog . nice to have something closer than freedom park , and not have to cross over park . well maintained and clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this park , i live at dilworth edge i so try to take my grandchildren here every time that they visit , they love walking over the bridge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sedgefield park is just a hop , skip & a jump from my place so i head over there frequently . the playground looks super fun , not that i 've ever played on it ... . there is also a basketball half court , tennis court and a picnic shelter - pretty legit for the small park . it 's super close to the track at sedgefield middle school as well , so if you want to do some laps then play some hoops , its all right there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a peaceful park with a very artistic path designed in the shape of a butterfly . the only thing keeping it from five stars for me is the awkwardness in accessing it . it 's low-lying and just tough to get to , even for those of us living nearby . but that 's probably why it 's a park and not usable for residential development .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this new burrito place took over an old quiznos location . basically everything inside is still quiznos , just now they sell burritos . they even still have the quiznos neon `` toasty ! '' sign hanging in the window . on first glance behind the cash register you might think they sell doughnuts because there is a tim horton 's oven sitting on the counter , but sadly you can not order a cruller . they sell a small and large size burrito here with your choice of fillings ; steak , chicken , veggie , bean & cheese , and more . they pack the tortillas full but i found they were a little chintzy on the cheese and meat . a bonus here is that they do n't charge extra for guac . their prices are just under $ 6 for a small and up to $ 10 for a large . they have other food on the menu like quesadillas and churros also . overall i 'd say this is a good place for lunch if you are working or shopping in the area , but do n't make a special trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "popped into burrito loco for lunch today and i completely agree with chris p 's review . this place looks exactly like a subway or quizo 's except they serve burritos and quesadillas . prices are reasonable and the burritos are a good size , the large thoroughly filled me up for lunch . i went for a large vegetarian burrito ( $ 6.59 ) which came with bean , cheese , guacamole , salsa , sour cream , hot sauce , and various vegetables . the burrito was good , certainly better than a lot of the places i 've been to , but not nearly as flavourful as burrito boys banditos . if you like things spicy i 'd ask for extra hot sauce as the default amount does n't give much fire . i work in the area and i 'll likely go back to burrito loco for lunch but , as chris p said , i would n't go out of my way to come here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a 3rd review confirming that burrito loco is good but nothing special . i had a small chicken burrito which was $ 6 with tax . you choose your toppings and have a choice between white or whole wheat wrap . they grill it like a panini and hand it over . quick and cheap but nothing special . was n't especially tasty but did n't taste bad either . sort of like something you could would make yourself at home . only other thing i have to add was that the owner was very friendly and went out of his way to ensure i was enjoying my food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was just there and ok the burrito was good but the person serving me seemed very miserable and unhappy and i almost felt like just leaving there is nothing worse than having an unhappy person waiting on you", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came to get a massage for mother 's day ... they were short staffed , the guy that did mine was horrible and he was massaging me like he was in a hurry ... everyone was talking to each other while they were massaging everyone , they left the door open to the front so it was bright the whole time and he never covered my eyes with a towel ... never ever again ! ! horrible !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i i love this place . only $ 20 hr for a full body massage or foot massage . very nice people and such a calm environment inside", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place and i like their technique on massage but i think when youre competing with other 20 hr massages theres other places where you get more bang for your buck . no hot stones but i really like the person that massaged me here she was really strong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to few other foot spa in the area ... so far i like this one best . i really like the relaxing feeling there and very clean . last time i bring friend with me and she also like.. we will be back for sure ! thank you ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long trip , this is place for a good foot and body massage . will be back again next time . staff were very hospitable . great body and foot massage according to my wife .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's really cheap ! and i always go every other week . always ask for koko . she 's the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best i 've had yet ! i wanted deep tissue type pressure and got it . amazing . $ 20 1 hour", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a regular customer to this abc foot spa .i highly recommend this place , look for coco she is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a regular at this place . they provide fantastic massages at a very fair price . the place is clean and the ladies are friendly . i would highly recommend this location to anyone looking for a high quality massage !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worse place i never hand before . the service is so terrible and all the things inside is really bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my sister and i tried them for the first time . i am not new to foot massages or all kinds of massages . with that being said , their massage is average and staff was okay . we were shocked and disappointed to be forced to give a tip ... our $ 5.00 per masseuse tip was not acceptable to the staff . she pointed out that we were to tip $ 5.00 only if we were unhappy , $ 10.00 if we satisfied and $ 20.00 if we 're were very happy ( according to a sign on the wall ) . i have never heard of a business that made a tip mandatory much less stipulate the amount of tip . somebody needs to tell them that `` tips are voluntary and signs of customer satisfaction '' . because of this we are not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "note : namaste is no longer located in the difficult-to-navigate banksville plaza . instead it has moved to the days inn ( 1150 banksville road ) . while the high-quality of their food has not changed as evidence by a recent takeout meal , i felt the decor was a bit gloomy and antiquated ( funeral parlor ) , so much so that i felt as if robert irvine would burst in at any moment with his patented golden sledgehammer . the matriarch is still as sweet as golub jamun to me . she even gave me a free pen with the restaurant 's logo on it as i settled up . p.s . the defunct billu 's indian grill was located here before namaste took it over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not impressed . the food was so-so and my boyfriend and i had a coupon purchased that morning from restaurants.com and they would n't accept it . i bought it that morning , sorry if it should have been taken off the website but you should honor it . i would not pay their full price for it , but with a nice coupon then maybe it could be worth it . the quality of the food was not good enough to outweigh the service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have dined at namaste for the final time . i am tired of being served by an individual that does not speak : who treats the customer with disdain and indifference . the words `` thank you '' and `` how are you '' are not part of the lexicon here . the buffet items reflect economizing . virtually no cauliflower is used , thus my favorite dish , aloo gobi , is never offered.. there sometimes is no rice pudding , and in place of the india staple buffet item , chicken tandoori , the cheaper and less appealing chicken wings are offered . it is s shame that such a beautiufl , comfortable restaurant space is being wasted . for a mere $ 1.01 more , i can receive a spectacular and delicious array of the finest indian food in the lovely atmosphere of all india , north craig street , oakland , where i receive gracious , personal attention from the owners .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just to let everyone know , namaste indian restaurant has moved ( january 2013 ) from it 's old location in the banksville plaza to 1150 banksville rd , adjacent to the days inn . i 've notified yelp .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was probably one of the worst places i 've eaten at in a while . i 'm not sure what was worse food or service . never again , the coupon we bought and were n't allowed to use left on the table", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mediocre food service and atmosphere . better to stay clear and save your money . judging from the empty tables the luster and joy of the namaste we remembered is no longer . we experienced the following sub par dishes while dining after 8 pm on a friday evening in an empty restaurant : bland reheated samosas . flavorless malek paneer . ( the cheese pcs were quite good despite ) inconsistent and barely there flavors of certainly fresh frozen spinach mix . barely reheated naan . we traveled to eat at namaste specifically based on delightful past experience . obviously that feeling is long gone . the staff were content to chat with friends and answer frequent texts and cell phone calls while we ate . the loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the electric din of the tv playing bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant . instead when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added anything to an already mediocre dining experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think the quality and flavor of the food keeps me coming back even though the old woman is very unpleasant , i have never been there when there was more than three or four people in the whole restaurant . i do n't know how long they could survive and that is unfortunate . on one occasion i was waited on by a young man who was very friendly and pleasant , where did he go ? this place has potential but the old lady must go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hard to complain too much about a $ 7 buffet . food was n't bad , i 've certainly had worse indian in pittsburgh . limited selection that they do n't refill often enough . odd atmosphere , they need some background music or something . the soap opera on tv just did n't cut it . they do give you fresh naan bread which is nice , old buffet naan always sucks . good if you 're in the area and need a cheap lunch but not worth going out of your way for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "aloo tikki was delicious . samosa chaat was also great . the chicken curry could have used more curry . definitely will order from there again . the delivery was prompt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "shockingly bad . i know it 's pittsburg so my expectations were low , but there is no call for rudeness . the old lady should retire . the young waiter was ok but clearly scared of the woman . i went to the dinner buffet at 530 pm , the food was obviously left over from lunch , the rice was so old it was crunchy , all other food was very low quality and mostly cold . i always like to say something nice so the sweet carrot dish was not horrible . my search for quality indian food in the 'burgh continues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give them 0 stars ... total waste of money . food was so bad that i threw it in the trash . hope no one falls sick after eating food here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved the food ! the food has a home made feel to it ! yes , the old lady seemed rude . but we did not deal with her . the cook ( guy in apron ) was very friendly and kept coming back to us to see if we need anything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "basically , biryani is chicken curry with rice and fried rice is loads of vinegar with peacarrotcorn frozen mix with rice and fried chicken with flour , all of which are frozen foods . be away from this restaurant , as it not only is bad taste but causes health hazard too , as they use frozen foods . in the name of god , they do n't even deserve avg prices for the oily frozen food served . my order is a throwaway anyway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great indian food . buffet is excellent and reasonable price . friendly staff . love it . thanks namaste ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent dinner buffet with a great selection . not too spicy but not bland either . everything was hot and fresh and tasty . i would recommend this to all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was terrible . all tasted like old food . hope no one falls sick after eating food here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i regularly order takeout from namaste and am never let down . the food here is consistently good , the portion sizes are larger than most other indian restaurants in the area , and the prices are on par with what you would expect from similar restaurants . do n't let the location or allegedly unfriendly old lady ( she 's actually quite sweet ) deter you from dining here -- or at least ordering takeout , which is what i primarily do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had lunch here , and i was skeptical of the buffet at first . it turned out to be really tasty , though . lots of variety , good spice level , and the staff kept an eye on it so that nothing sat too long . i 'll definitely go back for dinner sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered through grubhub . the chicken tikka was excellent . lots of chicken and the sauce was flavorful . good naan and samosas too . super quick delivery . blows the other indian delivery options in the area away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "severely disappointed . i ordered chicken curry . lacking in flavor , no `` curry '' , not spicy what so ever , a little lacking in the protein portion , i ended up cooking on a night i did n't want to . i fixed your `` curry '' sauce by adding curry ... . do n't be afraid of flavor who ever does the cooking here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off i have no idea what these people are talking about when they speak of and mean old lady . the lady was extremely nice to me . we even had a few laughs while trying to communicate with abit of a langue barrier . the only down side to it was the low spicy flavor . i have a high tolerance spicy heat . she tried to hook me up a big bowl of wet crushed peppers and more powder . and the white rice was a tad dried out but never the less all other items where great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really really enjoyed the food , it was rich flavored food , hot , fresh , and delicious . i think i 'm going to pick up food from there whenever it 's possible for me . thank you guys for this great food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered food for pickup and it was pretty bad.gobhi manchurian fried rice and it was very bad.i was surprised with the quality of food provided.i would never visit this restaurant again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "note : they have moved further north along banksville road to the basement of the days inn ( where maharaja was for years and then , more recently , billu 's grill ( now closed , obviously . ) it 's all of the renovations new furnishings that billu 's put in ( maharaja was circa 1978-esque decor furnishings . ) i tried it , today . food was better , somehow than it ever was at the prior location . very friendly accomodating staff . more centrally-located , now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although , i only ordered the samosas ... they were the best i 've ever had . very flavorful , crisp and filled w potatoes and peas . this is a wonderful mom and pop establishment ... go and support . ca n't wait to try other items on our return visit ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food poisoning and unfreindly elderly waitress cashier . the old lady waitress was very unhospitable and refused to even crack a smile after me greeting her very warmly . we also heard her yelling loudly at the rest of the staff in the kitchen.we felt so sorry for them having to deal with that.the buffet food did n't taste good and did n't have many selections . rice was dry and looked old . we had a serious case of food poisoning ( unbearable stomach pain , diarrhea , vomiting , you name it ) after eating there ( all of us ! ) that lasted more than 3 days ! we seriously thought of going to the er . i wish i read the reviews before going . we would have avoided getting food poisoned during our trip to pittsburgh . never going back there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic chicken curry . i love ordering takeout from namaste", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place `` -5 '' stars for its terrible food quality . oily , greasy and bad taste . all 4 members of our party fell sick , throwing up and or with a running stomach .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "restaurant is difficult to find . you need to go through the hotel . place is ok , simple interior but clean . they have buffet and menu . i went for salad and chicken saag . the taste was good but i bet that it was not chicken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered from here on grubhub last night and was so impressed . i am a huge indian food fan so i 'm pretty picky when it comes to getting it from restaurants but i was so happy with what i received from namaste . i ordered aloo muttor and aloo paratha bread and both were hot , delicious and flavorful when they arrived . i also received a huge portion of rice , coriander and tamarind chutneys , and papadam with my order . also , it was literally 25 minutes between when i ordered and when the food arrived at my house . overall , i was so impressed and happy . i will most definitely be ordering from here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "popped in quickly to literally grab milk and bread . easy , pleasy . everything was where it 's supposed to be , it was well stocked , clean and easy to purchase . i would say `` i wish all ht 's were like this , '' but they are .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never been to a harris teeter before moving to nc , i was hoping to a fine alternative to publix . alas , it is a clone with a more down homey name . over priced and full of itself . the only saving grace is the cashier mary . the few times i have shopped here i always seem to get her . let me tell you brother it was worth it . in between incoherent mumbling conversations with herself , and the inability to scan items with any sort of competence , she is a dream . she is the sole reason that i will return to this location ... well that and maybe some milk if i run out , or bread ... .possibly beer , but there is always total wine for that ... ... ..sigh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly employees & good store layout makes the ht at providence commons a convenient and easy place to shop . this ht typically has a good selection of things that are on my everyday shopping list including all-natural cleaning supplies and organic fruits & veggies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i stumbled onto this restaurant by accident . we were looking for something to eat and this place appeared on the iphone 's map . ( yay iphone ! ) since hubby loves mexican cuisine , we just had to try it out . boy are we ever glad we did . we each sampled a different dish and liked every one of them . i had the chicken with the mole and i loved it , just spicy enough but not overwhelming . the chicken asado ( sp ? ) was also excellent . the tacos were equally delicious . i also ca n't get enough of their salsa verde . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gone to this place when they were a tiny little restaurant with 3-4 tables and a take-out section ... .boy how times have changed.now that they own the entire corner of the plaza they have upsized their prices..do n't get me wrong..this is the closest thing to real mexican you will find without actually going to mexico . the food is fantastic ! ! ! if u dont mind spending $ 13- $ 15 dollars ... it just dissapointing to me becuase we would get the same dishes for $ 7- $ 8 ... i hate when places do that ... but i understand that their costs go up.all in all i will go back and i have nothing but great reviews for them ! i always tell ppl to get mexican food there ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm doing an updated review because i went back to get my hair re-straightened after about a year and although the service was still amazing , i was not impressed with the final results . my hair was fried , and the damage was irreversible . i do n't have confidence in the straightening process . the real japanese straightening process leaves the hair shiny , slick and silky . after 3 hours and $ 300 , my hair was left burnt and permanently frizzy . my only hope is to wait for it to grow out . when it comes to hairdressing , i believe in consistency . i would rather pay more for a consistently excellent service , because i really only get my hair done twice a year . therefore , i wo n't be coming back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pissed off and worst customer experience at kamiya . i had an appointment opened a week ago with hero at 4:30pm and due to the location change i got lost and by calling them later i know where they move to and was there late for 20 mins . so hero refused to do my hair cut bc he is with another customer now who does n't have an appointment wtf . they show no respect to customer and not even a sorry . they said they only have one hr for each appointment while i was only late for 20 mins ! ! where is my left 40 ! i will never come bk again they lost a old customer who have been there for 4 year ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the haircut was $ 45 plus tax . i had my haircut with yuki who was quiet but friendly . if you 're a girl and you just want a simple trim i do n't suggest going here because it 's not worth the price . the service , wash and cut was just normal . i would not come here again unless it 's for a more complicated cut .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this salon is charege too much but terrible skill ... also , few girls are really rude service ... before people nice and hair stylists had good skills but not anymore ... what 's going on kamiya ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no offense to those who love this place . but this is the worst haircut i have ever had . i actually felt so sad after the service . it 's not about the attitude , people are nice there . but the haircut style is totally different from what i expected . i showed the stylist the picture and discussed with them for a long time . they still failed ! ! i was so disappointed . this is the first time i went to this store , but i think i will never go to this place ever again . really really disappointed , the salon may be good for others but not for me . ; ( i wasted my money and time there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been meaning to review them for a long time . both my boyfriend and i have been regulars at kamiya for almost two years now . we have tried multiple stylists but i think my favourite is still hiro . he always did what i asked for . however due to the recent price increase we have been going a lot less . they increased the price by almost 30 % but it 's not like they renovated the place or anything . rather , they hired a lot of new junior stylists that are really inconsistent and jam pack their schedules where every chair is filled and there 's about 15 conversations all going on at the same time . you feel like you are sitting in a zoo . if i am going to pay more than what i used to , i would expect to be getting a better experience out of it . i still trust that many of their stylist are great , but personally i do n't think it is worth the price anymore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i sincerely hope they hire someone speaks english better to be their representative . i called in to make an appointment , i told the girl any time before 4 pm . then she asked me `` so 4 pm ? '' . i said `` before 4 '' . she said `` so how about 5 ? '' . i asked `` 5 am ? ! '' . then she realized she proposed a wrong time . we finally got one time but eventually she messed my appointment up with the uptown location . it 's very difficult for people who do n't speak japanese .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after coming her for awhile i must say things have really , really changed . the prices went up ( considerably ) but i still found it hard to find a better salon for what i was paying until my latest hair dye . i asked to go back to my natural hair colour and walked out with jet black hair ( i looked ridiculous for a good 4 weeks ) . i ended up going for a colour correction elsewhere and my hair ended up costing me $ 350 in a month . not going back - ever ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been hiro 's costumer for years , but decided not to go there again . he used to be a good hair dresser but he seems to changed recently ( maybe become too arrogant ! ) and does not care enough to listen and understand what you want . last couple of times i did not get the style i asked for , and again he did not care to listen and even modify it a little bit after i mentioned this was not what i wanted . also last time he took a photo of my hair with no explanation or getting my permission when i asked him if he took the photo for his portfolio or something alike he answered no just for myself ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never written a review before ( although rely on them heavily when making purchase decisions ) but was so happy with my experience that i thought i would start . i 've been going to kamiya for over 5 years but my previous hairdresser moved back to japan . this weekend i randomly selected nana and was so glad i did . she listened to my requests but also offered suggestions on what she felt would work with my hair type . i 've have very coarse , frizzy hair which is very hard to manage . nana actually took the time to do a proper blowout - usually hairdressers just blowdry and leave the styling to the straightener because its easier . i love my haircut and will definitely be going back to her . thanks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kamiya is moving ! downtown salon is closed till feb 14 15 . new address is 220 victoria st. 2nd location at yonge and finch is now open ! 5585 yonge st unit a .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the manager , max , had a very heavy hand , though the cut was quite nice . unfortunately , my scalp hurt for about a year because of all his pulling and heavy tugging : ( i went back , though , because i like the asian style haircuts . avoiding max because of his heavy hand but never got as nice of a cut . for $ 50- $ 60 , i will try other salons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor service , the haircut skill is below average . the hairstylist mari is very unprofessional", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after reading all the reviews , i decided to go with mai for the haircut and i am very glad i had her . i hated the haircut from another hair salon and went to kamiya to do some damage control . mai took her time to shape the hair to suit my face shape and recommended that i have some layers as well . she also showed me how to style with a hair straightener as i told her that was my go-to device . it took me few days to get used to styling this new style . i 'm loving and enjoying the style more everyday ! fyi , if you happen to cancel at the last minute , the website charges you app . $ 25 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went from long hair to short hair , and the hairdresser , yuta honda , was very skilled . although i 'm usually extremely shy nervous around people , he made me feel more at ease . i brought pictures with me so i would have an easier time explaining what i wanted , but i was n't completely sure with the specifics of how i wanted my hair , so i asked for his opinion , which turned out to be an excellent idea . he spent a lot of time making sure the haircut was perfect . the overall experience was very nice , and i will definitely come back again . i regrettably did n't say thanks clearly , cause i 'm an awkward person , but maybe he 'll see this lol . i love my hair ! thank you ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 2nd visit to get my hair coloured and cut . i booked for saeko , the same hairdresser who looked after me on my 1st visit . she 's very nice , polite & friendly , offered me something to drink , placed some magazines for me while waiting for my colour , and we chatted on and off . saeko knows about what to do with my hair colour , her cutting skill is really satisfying . i showed her some pictures of the haircut i wanted and she executed it very well . i 'm very satisfied with her service and would recommend it to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had such an amazing experience here that i felt compelled to write this review . i actually meant to go to an expensive salon in eaton 's but after getting lost i found my way here . dropped in on a wednesday night and did n't have to wait at all . mai was super friendly , gave an awesome scalp massage and did a great job with my hair . to top it all , the price point is way below the mall competitor with better service . and the beatles playing too boot . also , mai was great to talk to and even referred me to a japanese library after telling her i 'm into murakami . hands down , best salon experience i 've ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! what to expect from this place : top notch service , expert hair artist , quality products and a salon that leaves a client looking forward to their return . my favourite part of the hair salon experience is the shampooing and conditioning . its a double treat - amazing deep head neck massage and awesome smelling hair products . i would pay just to get my hair washed . all the employees are from japan and all the hair stylist are from japan . all the hair stylist have over 5-10 years experience and are super kind . the best part i appreciate is they create small talk . my stylist also gave me great tips to keep hair healthy and different ways to keep it strong . another impressive thing about this place is you pay the same price for a stylist with 10 years experience as you would for a 2 years of experience . see you kamiya in a few months , maybe some colour next time ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "miyuki is the best hair dresser i 've ever had in toronto . i 've had a few hair dressers that i paid double of what i pay to miyuki and they are not even close to how good miyuki is . she really spends a lot of time and effort to make you look pretty . the only problem is the 3 month waiting list . so i suggest call them as soon as possible to book an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work downtown , so i have passed this salon a few times and thought i would give it a try . i was booked with one of the senior stylists . they were late 10 mins , which i was n't too happy about given that i had a work meeting in an hour . anyways , i asked for a trim - nothing fancy . no new style or anything . my hair turned out pretty strange i have to say . the back was jagged and uneven . the shape of the cut did not compliment my face shape . all in all , a so so experience", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome place . very good and kind service . it 's my preferred hairdresser in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just came back from getting my haircut and still very happy with this place . this place is still extremely reasonable . for under $ 40 , you get your hair shampooed with a scalp massage and a cut . the stylists here are all very experienced , many of them with experience in japan . hiro will be in toronto for another two years . i would highly recommend him !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had yuta cut and colour my hair . he was very efficient and the cut was well done . i have thick unruly asian hair and he was able to tame it . good value for your money and i will return again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place . great haircut , fantastic massage , quick email response to my appointment requests and ca n't argue with the price ! i have been twice now and will definitely refer my friends and go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my haircut by hiro about a month ago . he is the greatest hairdresser . my next appointment in next sunday for my highlight . see u soon hiro .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dye my roots with mari at downtown location . she barely looked at my hair before you start mixing the color and start to dye my hair , so i was kind of worry . however , the result was great ! it matches perfectly with the original color . some stylist tended to dye a bit darker color at roots so you could see the differences . but mari did great job ! her english was good enough for communication as well . the price is a bit expensive . roots touch-up cost me $ 70 + tips and tax . i guess that was because my roots were quite long already . i would also recommend mai , junji and hiro . all of them are great ! btw , for those people are not satisfied with their color , i believe kamiya can redo your color within 48 hours or sth like that if you are not satisfied . i tried that once long time ago . the end result was great after the re-color .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a haircut with hiromi yesterday . she was really good and friendly but did not speak english too well so i had to explain repeat a few times . i showed her the picture of how i want to style it and she got it bang on . she put a lot of effort in making my hair look pretty : ) i booked the appointment online and came 5 mins early , she was on time ! the salon overall was pretty busy ( sunday evening ) and it was a clean and comfortable environment ! i would come back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good haircut + hairstyle by erika . i would recommend going to this place ( and erica ) if you are hesitating where to get a new and safe haircut ! everyone in the store is very nice . and my hairdresser seems very experienced and skillful ! i 'll definitely come back again ! ps : remember to book appointment before you go because this place is very popular .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to kamiya for a year and a half . i was initially very happy with the service , but that quickly changed when my hair stylist ( junji ) left last year . after a series of less-than-mediocre cuts from multiple hairdressers , i decided not to go back . for $ 40 ( including tax ) they charge for men 's cuts , they really need to do a better job . i have been going to goa hair salon in koreatown and have been thrilled with the better results i get for more than half the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the best haircut of my life with hiromi ! i was n't sure what i wanted to do with my hair and although her english is not very good , she took the time to explain what she thought would look nice on me . she is very polite and professional . this is my new place to go from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! i 've been going to miyuki for years . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are always walk-in clients . this place is always busy . regardless , the stylists are all very friendly and professional . their meticulous attitude shines through every time . the wash and massage is always just the right amount of heat and pressure . the vibe 's always buzzing and they never make you feel rushed out . the prices are great too~ i 've introduced couple friends to this place already ; everyone concurs that this is the place to be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i over heard a couple employees talking about a fellow employee who has `` brought bed bugs into the store `` and apparently has passed them on to multiple employees thru ought the store . that is disgusting and i will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a veteran and i still had my uniform on because i just got off work and decided to get groceries on the way home from work with a friend . bad experience , i most likely i will not shop at this fry 's ever again . i was shopping with my friend picking up ingredients for dinner and one of the ingredients happens to be red wine . my friend is not 21 , i even tried to explain that the wine is for cooking . i do n't know anyone who buys a $ 5 bottle of wine for drinking . so i payed for the groceries i was able to get . i came back at a later time after i dropped of the groceries at my house which was a short 1 min drive . i returned without my friend and i was still unable to buy the wine for cooking . so i was kicked out for trying to buy an ingredient for cooking and about 8 customers with full shopping carts in line walked out after i did because they were very offended by the way they treated me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could have moved frys with me when i moved they had great selection of items great after holiday sales it a great store with very friendly staff always well stocked very clean store", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people here are nice , service is good , you can actually find help if you need it ( except for the deli , where the service always sucks , and i mean always ) , it 's always clean , and it 's close to my house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just drove over to my fry 's store to buy an ad item , not only did they not have it they did not even know what it was . their answer was well we do n't have it , never have had it . then why did you put it into your ad . can you spell fraud , time for a class action lawsuit ? maybe that would wake them up ? do n't have it then do n't advertise it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love shopping at this location they always have everything i need quick fast easy meals the produce is always fresh awesome pastries great service very friendly employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this fry 's is better than most in terms of cleanliness and selection , and on the low end of the service scale . getting help at the deli counter or butcher takes a ton of patience , and the checkouts are slow . overall , it 's a better option than the other neighboring fry 's stores . i 'm a regular here because they have a gas station with the cheapest diesel in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , well stocked , checkouts are usually quick . buy food here , then cook it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have it in my head that fry 's is just electronics , so i get tripped out when i 'm out of town and i see a fry 's or someone mentions needing to get milk at fry 's . this is a grocery store . perhaps that 's obvious to all the native arizona kids out there , but it 's still a novelty to me . that said , it 's pretty much along the same lines as most other grocers out there . you 've got your requisite sections -- produce , meat , deli , bakery , and so on . the bakery is n't my favorite and the middle-of-the-store grocery products are n't too fancy , but it 's still a decent place for your ingredient goods . i will say that it 's pretty clean and spiffy here . the checkouts are quick ( i 'm never doing proper grocery shopping -- i 'm usually here buying deodorant or something else that i forgot to pack for a trip ) but it 's zippy through the self checkout . and parking is usually pretty easy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff were very friendly and accommodating . it 's a little run down from so many people coming in and out , but they try very hard to keep up with their traffic . the neighborhood is diverse and everyone seems to get along . the only reason why i give it 4 stars is that some of the people you bump into are rude and condescending . it might spoil your experience if that kind of stuff matters to you . there are a few clerks that have made me very happy to come back here time and time again . unfortunately i 've moved so i wo n't be able to greet the nice security lady as easily anymore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i cant believe there is not a single cashier on duty at fry 's on a wed morning ( 7:45am ) . i see at least 5 employees at the front of the house . when i asked one of them ( behind a register ) she rudely told me to use the self checkout . what if i had been older or just plain bad with technology ? those things are n't the easiest or fastest to use . i knew i should have just went to cvs . poor customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this frys , everyone so nice and helpful . they will take you to the product if you ca n't find it . they are super kind at the customer service desk . my only not great experience is the pharmacy . they are often rude which just does n't match the rest of the store . they are even more rude to the drive through people . i 've often want to transfer my scripts elsewhere just to avoid this experience . i will continue to go back and shop because of the great customer service in the store . please work on your kindness pharmacy folks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has been long overdue . just a quick thanks to the store management and employees here at this fry 's location . your store is always clean and well stocked and your employees are always helpful . also , you guys know how to run a checkout line and get people cashed out as fast as possible . that is a talent and a gift and oh-so appreciated because patience maybe a virtue , but with me , it comes and goes .thank you for all your hard work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful staff . very professional ( with the exception of the gal with tattoos who works the checkout . she is always very rude and we avoid her ) , when something happens , they always step up to the plate . would recommend this location over some of the other fry 's stores we 've been to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my partner and i visited kaiseki yuzen hashimoto for a wonderful dinner . this is a fine family run establishment , where the japanese cuisine is very accomplished , and the service is professional yet very warm . as soon as we were seated we were made to feel right at home by the mother and son service team . also of note , we thoroughly enjoyed a bottle of gorgeous sake from okunomatsu , simply superb with our meal . all in all , the best kaiseki cuisine i 've experienced in canada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited here with a friend last week for dinner . service is warm and impressive . food comes top level around toronto , but average in japan . they use a small metal cup to serve salt . it 's definitely not exquisite . to sum up , this is a good restaurant , but overpriced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a very beautiful and unique dinner experience . i did not expect it to be so traditional . everything was seasonal and freshly imported from japan . the service was impeccable . our host , kei , was very attentive and knowledgeable . he answered all of my many questions about the food and japan . furthermore , the chef himself even wrote me a birthday card in traditional japanese calligraphy . the food was warming and delicately plated . each dish was like a work of art . everything tasted so good that it was hard choosing a favourite . i had an amazing birthday ! thank you everyone at kaiseki yuzen hashimoto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience ! k and his parents took a great care for us . the fish was arrived on day and everything is so fresh ! learnt a lot of japanese culture there as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very delightful experience . very high quality food and service . from the moment we walked in until we left they made us feel like we were their only priority . just incredible ! the food was amazing . every dish was a work of art ! if you appreciate the simplicity and depth of japanese food you will enjoy every dish here . the experience ended with a beautiful tea ceremony which was also a very unique . i 'd definitely come back here next time i 'm in toronto . i 'm looking forward to try their their menu for other seasons as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there for lunch wiz my mum . it is nothing but distinction . the food n service just cant be better . defi wan na try again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here during my birthday , the place is unique and i believed we are the only consumer in that day . food r good but ca n't say it worth the money . love the service and the decorations of the restaurant . having a great conversation with my fd during the meal and feel preset relaxing there . my favourite will be the dessert , they 're homemade ice cream is incredible , hopefully i can get more after i finished it . it 's it an unforgettable memory for me as a bday gift , feels like i 'm in japan and how the japanese culture", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my sister and i enjoyed the lunchtime kaiseki meal last weekend , and it was a fantastic experience . we had been to kyoto before and wanted to re-experience a piece of japan and we were not disappointed . every detail , from the decor to the cherry blossom trees ( not quite in bloom yet ) to the friendly service was exquisite . our host , kei , was so friendly and explained each dish in detail . it was truly a `` mindful eating '' experience as each dish was a work of art and a flavour journey , with ingredients sourced straight from japan and seasonally inspired . we enjoyed genmaicha tea with our meal . another special touch was a hand-written japanese birthday card from chef hashimoto who also came out to visit us at the end . i highly recommend this incredible culinary experience in toronto and hope to be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a great cultural experience with great food beyond expectations . every dish is full of flavour and texture . the tea ceremony at the end is definitely highlight of the whole dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the price may scare even the most well heeled diners , this family run restaurant offers a priceless experience ! culinary master hashimoto creates works of art that are masterpieces for the senses of taste and sight ; while his sons mark and kai offer impeccable and friendly service in traditional kimonos . they carefully and lovingly describe every dish their father creates and combined with the food , the decor and dress , you are transported to japan without boarding an airplane . highly recommend finishing the evening with the traditional japanese tea ceremony ! a small price to pay for a priceless experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there with some clients and a colleague . it is $ 300 a person and it is an artfully done 9 course experience . each course however is very tiny and i left wishing there was more of certain dishes . service was impeccable and we were the only group in the place and had a nice private room . i was afraid going in that i would be expected to kneel for the entire meal but that was not the case . we were offered some special unpasteurized sake at $ 250 a bottle . the difference was lost on me but i doubt i will be doing this too often . diner finished with a tea service where i did have to kneel . the entire experience took about 3 hours and we did get a bit of business done !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a swiss , this one is good ... you 're basically getting sit down fast food but i really enjoy it here ... been a few times and only had good experiences . chicken always fresh ( as expected ) and service always good ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eaten here many times . in store dining is acceptable . prices are a titch high for me , and i 'd personally like my chicken cooked a little more . avoid take out or delivery for this location . they have never gotten our order correct . not even once .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give this swiss chalet a 1 only because there are no negatives available . we ordered from here a couple times and i have now learned my lesson . the final straw came when it took 35 minutes on the phone just to order , then when the order finally came after another hour it was cold , the chicken was dried out and it was missing the drinks buns condiments and utensils . to add to all that the driver did n't know we had paid on visa over the phone and had no record of the sale and spent time on the phone trying to find out if we had actually paid . when i called to inform them about the missing items and the food itself , they offered to bring the missing items out free of charge . free of charge ? were they going to charge me again for the items they missed ? anyway after another 40 minutes the drinks and everything else showed up but we were done our cold dried out meals already . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sandwiches look great . ordered fruit salad and iced coffee . service is poor . wo n't come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will definitely give baroli a go ! tastes so nice , with only one problem - size of panino is huge !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst treatment in my entire life . the girl working at the counter burned my overpriced sandwhich , then was confrontational with me when i asked her to make a new one . she was swearing and yelling at me in korean . it was honestly ridiculous.. i 've never seen anything like it in my life . this mentally unstable woman should be fired or it will hurt their business big time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely disgusting . my family and i came in here for dinner and it was really crowded , so we did n't have a place to sit . however there was one table was dirty so the waitress went to go clean it for us . i saw her , with my own eyes , clean the table and do you know what she did ? she used the previous customer 's leftover water and poured it on the spinning part of the table to clean it . she did n't even bother re-cleaning the table with some actual cleaning things either . i 'm so disgusted that the people here think that 's acceptable . do they even know what cleanliness is ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent authentic cantonese food . peking duck was really good . reasonable price with big portion . open till 6am with late night menu . good choice for late night cravings and after party goers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a friend 's recommendation for dim sum . we ordered the normal dim sum dishes , sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves , rice rolls , sui mai , shrimp dumplings , veggie dumplings , over all i thought the food was pretty good . not too greasy or too expensive . we had a large party of 13 and had no problem getting service right away . would n't mind coming back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come here 10:20pm ordered food by 10:35pm then house special chow win show up , flounder show up ( around 11pm ish ) during this time asked servers many times what happened to our salt and pepper pork chop order both girls servers keep saying coming coming coming ! 11:09pm finally salt and pepper pork chop show up ! ! ! no sorry no explanation just drop off the salt and pepper pork chop to the table ! ! ! what a horrible services is this ? ! ? notice all this servers pay more attention to the chinese speaking customer instead of none chinese speaker ! ! ! holy sh t talk about bein unfair service this is by far the worst even tho we have vip card i guess it really means nothing not even a dair treatment of service ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we came here for chinese new year 's dinner with the whole family . i was n't too impressed with the food and my stomach told me that as well later on in the night . we had ordered half a suckling pig which was the best thing that was on the table . everything else seemed overly greasy and even the shrimp fried rice had a funny taste . service is what you expect at a typical chinese restaurant ... or rather lack of service . my husband 's family ended up buying some of the roast pork to go for dinner last night and it was delicious . unfortunately , i would say try the roast pork , but other than that do n't waste your time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is not bad ; we came here for lunch cuz our family friends wanted to treat us before we leave vegas . we ordered a bunch of cold dishes and i was actually pretty impressed with their sichuan dishes ( even though it 's called hk garden , go figure ) . anyway , we did try their seafood , including stir fried lobster and steamed grouper . the fish was really good , but the lobster was pretty average . the only other dish that i can remember was the ong choy in fermented bean curd sauce , and that was probably the best i 've had so far . because of this dish , i 'm giving this place a 4-star rating , otherwise it would 've easily been a 3-star restaurant in my book . anyway , probably would not be back here again , not worth a trip because of a veggie dish , but you never know . i may be in the mood for that again , some day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are regulars here and we love the restaurant . everything here is awesome , soups , fried rice , duck , pork , cumin lamb all delicious . service is prompt , prices are good , they take visa and mastercard and you have great open shopping center parking . they are also open all night so pop in for a bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whatever you do do n't order the live fish , they 'll try and do a classic switcheroo . they probably do the same thing with any of the live seafood that they have . i 've had live fish my entire life and i know the difference between a 2 pound fish and 3 pound fish . i can even tell the difference within ounces . and having fish my entire life i know how sneaky some restaurants can be with how they give you something that you did n't pick out and making you pay more for giving less . now what they do is show you the fish that you pick out and when they go into the kitchen they give you a smaller fish than the one you picked out and in end you 're paying a higher price for something smaller . now their food is n't bad but knowing what they do just sours the whole experience . do n't be suckered like me and lose out for what you paid for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here a few before but my last visit was the worst visit i order the mongolian beef and it tasty like it was old and rotten omg and the fried pork chop was all batter no meat . the fried whole was extra oily . the worst part about this experience was my husband got food poisoning . he 's been sick for 3 days now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good place for late dinner . they seem to have lots of great food , and local come here at night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "graveyard specials ! ! price was reasonable & their food was delicious . server was polite and helpful when asked questions about the food . love this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hongkong style food ! delicious original taste ... .located in las vegas with la price and very good service . if you just miss hk food , drive here instead of jumping onto a cathay pacific seat , save your $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you come to this restaurant and only order one thing , let it be the salt and pepper pork chops ! ! ! the fattyness and tenderness of the pork is amazing . we get this every single time we go . if you 're not into fatty meats then do n't order it . the food is a little bit on the greasy side but quite honestly , that 's their style of cooking . or so i 've been told by my wife who actually grew up in china .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service with very good and good quality food . authentic style chinese with good sized proportions . highly recommend and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is terrible extremely worst service.. if youre not chinese they will and i say wiiilll literally push you aside so other chinese people can come in ! which i dont get because im asian also . theyre rude and we had 3 families who spoke to the workers in chinese to let them sit before you do . and when you confront them they will ignore you and give you dirty look the entire time you are there . except this one amazing women with short black cool hair and is the most down to earth and nicest person there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yet again another satisfying and enjoyable meal ! tonight we had beef chow fun , chicken fried rice and roasted duck . not to mention the sizzling plate that passed by enticing all our senses ! ! definitely returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "normal food with cheap price , the lady is so rude for service , i remember the time i ask her for some soup , she did not help me , just said something with heavy accent of english , until we finish , she have not done with soup , so bad service , i feel bad with lunch here , so one star ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the my go to places here in the vegas area for chinese food . prices are definitely a lot more than the san gabriel valley area in los angeles . ive noticed the dishes are pretty small there now than before . so not as great of a deal when were paying the same prices but getting less .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is traditional chinese restaurant . their specialty is live seafood . pricey but food is very good . service was not bad but still felt rushed during busy hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here ... .authentic chinese food really good ! ! everything was so delicious ! the service was excellent plus was seated fast @ great service @ the staff is very nice the place is very clean . definitely going back again love this place & food ! ! plus with great company is the best ! ! we had duck , beef & broccoli , noodles , shrimp , i can just keep on going we had so much food one of the best was the desert black rice ! ! ! ' yummy first time the best ! ! ! ! ! & some chinese beer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family today was searching for a place to eat our christmas lunch that did n't have too long of a wait . in 15 minutes we got a table for 4 and had quite the experience . the inside was bit hectic but the servers brought everything we needed like white rice and tea . we got some duck , a seafood and tofu platter and also a plate of vegetables . the food and service was great even with a full restaurant , so i think it deserves 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the food but the service is soooo slow . we 've been sitting ms waiting for our food for over 30 mins . i may not come back here they probably have 2 cooks and they only have 3 servers . but this is chinese a restaurant", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a nice chinese restaurant a lil bit off the strip . went for lunch at about noon and it was poppin ' . they had the lunch specials that was like 7 bucks a plate . not bad at all . we ended up getting a total of 8 plates , fed 8 ppl for 65 bucks . not bad at all ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "impeccable food and service . regardless of regular dinners or night meals , they are simply the first choice for us as they almost open all the time ( until 6am ! ) for a picky chinese palate , this is the best place to be satisfied at good prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was average here . had both better and worse cantonese food . we were a party of 16 with 2 tables of 8 , 9 adults and 7 children . at least 8 of us were very hungry with little food for the day and hiking , so we were famished . pros : - nice portions - once ordered , food came out fast - can accommodate big parties - dessert supplied with dinner - opened for thanksgiving - owner came and thanked us for our business cons : - tables jammed into the restaurant - had to ask multiple times for the same things before we actually got them - service okay something with what i ate greatly bothered me about 2 3rds way through , which i was feeling fine before i ate . i think everyone else was fine , but for me felt like mild food poisoning . will give benefit of doubt that my system just objected to something . was sick for the rest of the evening but feel fine today . tips : - make reservations as they can get packed easily - come early", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had dinner there last night . there was 6 of us and the food was delicious . the service was great . the tea pot was always filled . they refilled the rice and let us enjoy the company and conversation . did n't go there for atmosphere but the taste of food and good friends . go there to eat and enjoy the people you go with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited twice with friends . it 's a great place to take your friends who enjoy authentic chinese food . the prices are amazingly cheap but the flavors are not and the portions are generous . we ordered the duck & crispy pork ( my fav ) combo , cold whole chicken ( including the head ) , eggplant , green beans , chow-fun and fried tofu . i ate till i could n't anymore . needless to say there was enough for take home . the restaurant was clean and well kept . great spot for a lunch stop . btw : they give away free soup at lunch . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic food- check service - check go before 5pm and after 9pm to order great food from the discount menu . las vegans are so spoilt with cantonese restaurants such as this gem . do n't miss black bean with fish fillet , yum ! scallops with black pepper on hot plate pea sprouts with garlic", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we only had two nights in lv and we wasted our calories here for dinner . the soup of the day was tasty . clams with green onions and ginger was thickly sauced . i can still feel the sandy grit in my teeth . the green onions were the best part of the dish . fried tofu stuffed with shrimp needed more flavor . good thing it came with sauce . roast pork was thinly sliced and could have used more flavor . it was sliced thicker than paper but we could have used more pork . i do n't even think the meat weighed more than a quarter pound . yee fu noodles were so so . they had the largest and heaviest water glasses ever . the place was packed with chinese peeps . those peeps have different taste standards . bottom line = needs more flavor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place three times including tonight . my first visit there was very enjoyable . food was delicious and the waiters were on point . on our second visit , the food was good but for some reason the waiters were lacking customer service . we thought maybe it was a bad night for them . so tonight , we decided to order take out from there . when we arrived , it took a minute before anyone acknowledged us , then when someone finally did notice us , they were n't very friendly . the same woman that was rude last time , was very rude this time . no hello , just `` what you ordered ? '' no thank you , no smile no give me a second i 'll be right with you , no nothing . it 's safe to say , we will not be going back to this place again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awful service , hard to flag down a wait staff . they try not to make eye contact . food is n't that great , for a cantonese restaurant it 's not really that great quality . been here twice and . do n't think i would try for a 3rd .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant was spoiled by success and has deteriorated . chinese vegetable with garlic costs 17.50 ( highway robbery . ) overall food quality is substandard . service is terrible . a few days ago , six friends and i dined there . i asked for a glass of water and it took 10 minutes with repeated request before i had my water . our waitress was rude . i heard someone call her yoyo . yes , she is indeed a yoyo . the rest room had the pungent smell of ammonia . the health department should check them out", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pep boys is a great addition to harrisburg ! the location is incredibly convenient , and the staff is stellar ! so often ( in the auto repair business ) you are sold services items that are n't necessary . not the case here ! the staff takes the time to listen to your needs , and works diligently to find a solution that fits your budget and time ! erik , the store manager , works tirelessly to ensure that his staff and his customers are in a pleasant and comfortable environment , and his effort is evident . i look forward to pep boys having a long tenure in harrisburg !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr. williams was so friendly & helpful , and the service team replaced my tire & got me to work super fast ! i will definitely be a repeat customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here are so friendly , the service is fast and the prices are very reasonable . i was previously being charged $ 40 more for an oil change and tire rotation than what i paid here . they have definitely earned not only my review , but also my loyalty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "long story short , i came in for an oil change and ended up needing two new tires , an alignment , and balance . the manager showed me where the problem was and how they would fix it , which was much appreciated . the whole process took just shy of 4 hours , when at most should have been 2 hours . i was quoted multiple time allotments it should have taken but each passed by . my appointment was for 10:00 but my car sat for 1-1 2 hours before it was taken for the oil change . because i had waited so long , a rim cover was n't put back on , and i had to ask about it , the manager gave me a discount and gave me a card for a free oil change . i would say they made it right but it took too long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have lived here for less then a year and i have had over 5 maintenance requests for the same issue . i have an electrical fire in my apartment due to faulty wiring from this development and they were the worst at handling the situation . i was n't comfortable living in the unit and requested to be moved to another unit and they wanted to charge me over $ 1500.00 to move . no courtesy at all . i asked them about replacing the food that went bad in my fridge after the fire and the manager told me that the power was n't off that long and they moved my food to another unit 's fridge so i should n't have any wasted food . the apartments are old , the appliances are old and they are n't very nice compared to other communities in the area . i am moving and i would n't recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "apartments are n't renovated do n't let them fool you . the cherry wood cabinets are just painted brown . the stains in bathtub are just painted with spray paint . so when you shower it comes right off . when i moved in i was told i had new clean carpet . but i checked on the apartment every day before moving in , was even given keys and carpet was never changed . tenants are being told carpet is new , but than why would old tenant be paying for carpet cleaning fees if it is going to just be taken out . water fees are based of whole complex including how much sprinklers are used . schools might be excellent and the area is beautiful , but complex is loud and not very private or safe . kids in this complex demolish everything and you ca n't get a nights sleep . by the way , do not move here for the gated community , it is not gated . gates are left open all night long . many of the gates are also broken so you do n't even need a key..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's quite , clean and near everything i need . office staff is excellent . i did good moving here from michigan and finding this place on line .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff has been so helpful & nice from the start . i have quiet ( great ) neighbors . all my shopping & beauty needs are met just down the street with lots of places to choose from .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just came in and applied for a 2 bedroom and cynthia was a great help and so thankful for how she explained everything to me and we went over the best and realistic situation for myself and my son . i have n't even moved in yet but she helped restore my faith in finding an apartment and there needs to be more people like her to align to my needs and not surprise me with any hidden charges she was very professional and friendly and i will definitely spread the word to my friends ! ! thank you cynthia ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been coming here for years . it is a solid 4 stars . the daily specials are great . the tuesday soup is awesome ! ( chicken tortilla ) . friday night 's prime rib is a staple ! the san francisco burger , philly and french dip are my favorite sandwiches . let 's not forget the cuv\u00e9e salad , very nice as well . over the years this spot has been very consistent . definitely one of regular stops . oh , they do togo for pickup as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when i think `` winchell 's '' i think of the donut chain around the west coast . i was mistaken as this version of winchell 's is a locals joint serving drinks and decent food . while i do n't know if i 'd come here to drink myself silly at night , i know this is where i could come for a dependable lunch . favorites here include their san francisco style grilled cheese , which includes a soup of the day . i tried their heart attack of an avocado burger , which was not only hearty but incredibly rare ( i ordered medium ! ) . well , least it came with a side of `` homemade '' chips . with their bright outside seating and dark interior , winchell 's offers a mix of both worlds and a solid lunch . prices are reasonable and the parking is decent . i would definitely see myself coming back here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the perfect place to come and either wait to pick someone up from the airport or to grab lunch before you have to catch your flight . irish pub type feel to this place , with a cozy warm decor and friendly staff . bartenders are all great here . as far as gaming goes , this is a pretty standard bar for gaming . drinks comped while playing . have had better than average success on their machines . as far as food goes , they have many of the same types of bar food as other las vegas style bars but kind of add their own flare to them . pretzels , wings , quesadillas , and sliders are all great appetizers here . one menu item is surprisingly fresh and delicious . this would be there salads ! they have a few outstanding house salad specialties that you should try . once the bartenders know you , it 's a very welcoming bar ! definitely a nice change of pace from the usual places we all go . i 'd recommend to anyone ! give them a shot ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not usually a fan of bar food , but this place can rock ! they have fantastic salads . the homemade potato chips are a decadent indulgence . they have a greek salad that is normally served with gyros but they swapped me out to chicken . it 's one of my favorite salads around town . i ordered a fish dish that was tasty but too salty for my taste . i also went with a friend who ordered the ahi salad . it came dry and when he asked the waitress for dressing , she seemed befuddled and offered blue cheese . ( blue cheese and ahi ? ? ) turns out it was supposed to have an asian dressing on it . the waitress was clueless . if i had n't had those experience , this place would get 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid upscale bar food . have been here several times and the food is always solid . tonight i had the chicken pasta special loaded with artichokes , tomatoes , olives , feta and a light white wine sauce . perfect for this summer heat ! but i have also had everything from fish with mango salsa to yummy burgers . my vegan friend is always happy too because they always make sure to accommodate her dietary restrictions . she always gets the same thing but she says it 's hands down the best salad she has ever had . and as if the food was n't enough reason to keep coming back ... the bartenders are always super friendly and make us feel welcome . tv 's are really nice for sports too ! we will most likely be making it a part of our football rotation . looks like they will have a lot of specials and promos going on for the season . great neighborhood spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a decent place to grab some food near the airport when you need something quick and easy on your arrival or departure . it seems to have more of a bar with food type atmosphere and could be compared to a local version of an applebee 's . its a decent sports bar type atmosphere as well with adequate tv 's to view from most locations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid fours stars . came here during the week with my husband for lunch because he raves about the salads and he was right ! they were delicious ! i had the stuffed avocado salad solid 4 5 stars . you get a choice between tuna salad or chicken salad . i chose chicken . pretty good would just suggest less mayo . ice burg lettuce fresh with crunch . my husband got his usual the chef salad . 4 5 per him . loaded with ham and turkey which he could n't finish . place is clean with friendly staff . if this was closer to my work this could be a regular lunch spot for me but as far as i know nothing close to summerlin area . would definitely come back when in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is disgusting . first of all it is so filthy it was actually grossing me out to eat there . i was going along with my friends so i did n't want to say anything the carpet alone was disgusting i did n't even want to walk on it . the waitresses were friendly and it was decorated for christmas . i ordered a french dip and i bit into it and i could just tell that the roast beef was old and had a funny taste to it . sure enough i was sick all night . i would never return to this place for as much as people hype about it no thanks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in here a few days ago to have the chicken parmesan . this is definitely my favorite dish at winchell 's pub and grill . a friend turned me on to this place a few years ago . friendly atmosphere and great 80 's music . if you 're in the area , stop in and try the chicken parmesan ! yummiest item on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the pretzels and cheese appetizers and the san francisco grilled cheese is amazing great service too . great for lunch or dinner", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place staff is friendly and food is great ! the cuvee salad is amazing and on fridays they serve a prime rib special that 's excellent also . it 's walking distance from the airport rental car place and the las vegas outlets also . football food specials are delicious ! the `` totchos '' or 1 2 lb hot dog is a must try ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "basically a freindly staff . food was good . drinks were average . they had no problem putting on whatever nfl game we wanted .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a nice little bar that offers restaurant seating that makes for a great meet up spot for clients or friends . they offer a decent selection of beer on tap and the staff is friendly and remembers you quickly . they have specials on their food and have a good variety of the bar favorites and some not so usual treats like their stuffed avocado or calves liver dinner . they have the usual multi plasma set up with different sports games on each screen . the bar area has decent seating all around and their bar machines are not too tight ( i 've won my tab back on more than a few occasions ) if they make any mistakes on your meal orders they do n't hesitate to correct the problem and set things straight . all in all this is a great place with great service and good food , 5 stars in my book .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do as the locals do . that 's what brought us to winchell 's for dinner . it has the usual pub fare -- burgers , sandwiches , meat , and greasy appetizers . and they did it all well ... just enough to add it to my `` could go to again '' list . and i think that 's an important list to be on . what really put this on the map and pleasantly surprised me was the steak -- it was tender and flavorful , not the rough and stringy meat i usually have at pub brewery restaurant type places . it 's totally out of the way and off the strip -- more for locals than tourists , but if you 're looking for some greasy food and want to avoid the crowds , this is a good option to consider .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always pretty great food . good service . the steaks are outstanding and love the chips n salsa . any time we have had a problem manger john always takes care of it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ate there 2 nights in a row after being pleasantly surprised the first time and not wanting to go to one of the nearby chain restaurants . service is friendly , prices are more than reasonable , and the food is fresh ( homemade dressings and tasty salads ) . other unexpected plus : you get 10 % off if you are staying at the homewood suites ( just show your room key .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we come here for the onion rings ! they are served with ranch dipping sauce and it is amazing . it has a beer battered flavor to it . always served hot . customer service is always great . we never had to wait to be seated and we are always were taken care of by our servers quickly . i gave it a 4 star because some of their entre items on the menu needs to go . or at least revamped . sometimes it just looks dry or unappealing on a plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this and the other location have close to the right mix . good food , music , beer selection and comfort but ... the do n't have wifi . so i was forced to go to the competition ... also happy hour is relatively long but it is unclear when it actually is ... in summary , a good place for lunch , but not a place to get any work done ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're already a regular here , congratulations you 're getting great service . if they do n't recognize you , good luck . it 's not just my party , it 's throughout the bar . a pedestrian beer selection and an unimpressive menu with horrible service . you 've been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best breakfast i had in las vegas . located right by the rental car facility . had eggs and a ham steak the best . buttermilk pancakes were big and fluffy ! will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i was stranded at las vegas airport with no hotel or a car . we happen to stop by winchell 's pub and grill while walking with our luggage in 100 degree weather . i had the chicken quesadilla , which was pretty good with the green sauces inside the quesadilla and a generous amount of guacamole diping sauces . we had to wait 4 hours to get pick up . we asked if we can stay in their lounge area for about 4 hours and they said yes . the good part was that we did n't have to purchase anything while we were lounging in their area . the waitress would come by and check up on us every so offten . so come to winchell 's pub & grill for great food and very friend customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is what it is - bar food at a gaming bar . the daily specials are always reasonable , the service is always with a smile , and it 's close to the office .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5:20 am rang their buzzer to be let in no answer so left was a group of 8 so we just found somewhere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eat at this place often for lunch because it is very close to my office . their cuvee salad is amazing ! the service here is always good as well . if you are looking for a sports bar type atmosphere , with good food and good service , i would recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little pub . good atmosphere and even kid friendly . the daily specials are always amazing and a good deal . the breakfast menu is as good as the dinner menu . nice wait staff that are very attentive and the restaurant is always kept clean . the restroom is also nice and clean and the layout gives you plenty of room at your booth table . if you have any issues the wait staff is quick to fix it for you and are very professional and friendly . it 's a nice local spot that usually is n't horribly crowded . the beer is cold , plates and clean and the food is served quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "driven by this place a bunch if times , decided to give it a try since it 's right by our house . glad we did ! the good was excellent , service was fast & friendly . good pub-style food . definitely would recommend it and the prices are just right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best food and prices near the strip . nice staff ! great food and good bar selection . manager mike is awesome ! food is awesome ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a shame my wife and i found this place on the last day of our trip because the food and the service was amazing ! and it was reasonably priced unlike all the other places we tried on the strip . we will be back because the seafood pasta actually had seafood and it was all cooked perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! excellent service ! great food ! the perfect place to stop on your way to from the airport . never had a bad meal or service . takes me back to the great , old feeling restaurants in reno ! you have to check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living on the west side of town , we eat at winchells every five weeks when we 're over that way . i always enjoyed the top sirloin steak , but the last two times it has n't been that great . lots of fat and grisly . i 'm really disappointed . we always enjoyed the food , but decided to take a break from eating there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is nice and cozy on a saturday afternoon when its actually raining in las vegas . its my second time having the san francisco burger here . same as before , loved it and reasonably priced . will be back to check out other items when in the area again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is pretty good , the service is really good ad well . they take care of their customers . you can tell people enjoy working here . i had a classic burger with cheese came with lettuce and tomatoes . for being a simple burger it was pretty good . i did wish they had more of a selection on their burgers . i also had their mild wings which are nicely done there crispy and just enough sauce they arnt even wet enough to make a mess which is perfect for lunch . all around great place i 'll be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i went here for lunch . the place was busy so we ate at the bar . the service was outstanding and the food was great . i had the southwest wrap and my friend had the mediterranean wrap . the food came out quick and was delicious . we will definitely make it a weekly lunch stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome lunch spot . fries are great and the mediterranean wrap is fantastic . huge salads .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "winchell 's is a nice neighborhood pub . they offer good food at great prices and plenty of drink specials throughout the week . it 's a good place to take your friends for a few rounds if your not feeling like the strip and want more of a local experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just stopped there before waiting for our flight at the airport . really surprised by the good food , good music , good sofas , good service ... well good-everything of this place . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten here a few times and had lunch there tuesday , may 17 , 2016 . they have good number of lunch specials and the food is made to order . the service is good and they do have a number of mounted tv 's so if you want to watch a game this is the place . the menu offers a good variety with something for everyone . never a long wait and the serve staff does check on you . they do a good job on refills . prices are reasonable and even though it is a pub with a full bar the dining area is separate so family dining is available . it is very convenient , with good food , service and prices so i will be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for 8 years . keno rocks and the food is great ! ! try that cuvee salad is the bomb ! ! the whole staff there is friendly , they make u feel like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere reminded me of a cabin in the woods , and the food was just as enjoyable . the service was fast and friendly , the kitchen was happy to sub a side for me , and the price was right on point . i 'll likely be back next time i 'm in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great spot for good food . the service is ok , they are good at accommodation big groups or parties . the atmosphere is that of a standard bar restaurant . i would recommend this place for a casual party or group get together . the food was good , very few issues . we went with a large group and most had no complaints . the skillets and potatoes were favorites for sure . the ham steak was overcooked and dry . the patty melt was medium well and cooked just as it should be . the bread was toasted and warm . the onions were raw and a bit hard to handle . cooking them a tad would have made a huge difference . its worth a stop if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the food here ! everything i 've had when we 've been here has been awesome . they put avocado on a good amount of their stuff ... what more could you want ! prices are reasonable . it did take a minute for someone to get our order but once it was put in the food came out pretty quick . nice atmosphere . only ever been during lunch hour . love stopping by when i 'm in this area of town", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just another boring bar menu for breakfast . the service was good and the area was very clean . but the food was tasteless , actually that was the only complaint i have .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here was the best food i 've ever had at a bar . ever . i ordered a pizza and the crust was doughy and delicious and the cheese and meat left me wanting more by the time i finished it . not to mention that the damn thing was huge . the price was more than fair and our waitress was awesome and funny . we offered her 20 bucks to hit my friend with the pepper shaker . she did n't wan na do it but ended up lightly tapping his forearm with it , to which he screamed bloody murder . her name was emily i think .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i eat at winchell 's pretty regularly for lunch and an occasional breakfast late dinner . service has always been good and , for a tavern , the food is pretty good ( i 've certainly had worse ) . it can get crowded around lunch with locals , but for breakfast or a late dinner it 's usually almost deserted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you think this is the doughnut shop u r an idiot read the listing winchell pub and grill . the soups are off the charts made fresh daily . i love the service stephanie , kat , amy , and john are the cream of the crop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place easily satisfies . every ... .single ... .time . these days , for most joints , that 's an accomplishment . oh and the gyro salad is absolutely the real deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and food ! normally i have to send my eggs back set the kitchen but they were able to make them perfect the first time which speaks volumes . the bacon was cooked to perfection as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little sports bar by the car rental facility in vegas . typical bar with typical bar menu but turned into a great memory because of the attentiveness of the bartender , the heaping quantities of food and the well made drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "solid food at a decent price , not crowded , off strip . dinner for two with drinks under $ 40 . would go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tea space has the best boba in the area but the sweetest teas- but at least they 're consistent with both . cope by specifying less sweetness for your order and you should be good to go . service is great , which is an anomaly for places that are adjacent to spring mountain road . decor is cute with a cat theme , menu is pretty large , and the sizes are good for the price . for first time visitors , staff tend to recommend the house teas , which seem to be extra-sweet due to being made with half and half or cream ? unclear , but too sweet for me . they 're great about adjusting or remaking drinks to fit your preference- the wintermelon beverages are refreshing in this ungodly summer heat . note that their signage is a bit faded and the storefront looks like it might be closed from the outside- it 's in the same little building as the diabetic sweets bakery , and seems to have popped up overnight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! workers are always friendly and drinks are delicious . their boba is probably one of the best in vegas- but do n't skimp out on the apple or lychee jelly cause those are delicious as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boba . boba . boba . an la native that visits vegas too often than most . when i come to vegas , i need some boba . i 've tried the next door places , kung fu and all , and this place is way better . not crowded , good boba ( it is a boba place afterall ) and friendly , super nice service . it does not get any better . sizes are great , reasonable prices , ample parking , and cute funny cats on the wall . there is even a random green balloon on the wall . will definitely come back for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here is absolutely great ! they checked up on me twice to make sure that my drink was good for my taste and even offered to adjust it if i wanted it sweeter . i tried the caramel green milk tea with boba and was not disappointed ! it takes a little while for the drinks to come out , but definitely worth the wait . the cat drawings everywhere were also a plus for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the boba is fresh and sweet ! the reason why boba places exist is because of their boba , not their drinks . so far tea space has met the boba expectation . the ambiance is a bonus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down one of the best boba places in this vegas area . we usually go to kung fu but we noticed a few new ones had opened up in the area and wanted to try this place is legit.. i ca n't rave enough about it . for those who are fans of half and half in the sgv or rowland area , their drinks are close to half and half 's in taste minus the gigantic cups ... which i dislike anyways i got the mango green tea with sea salt latte . the tea is fragrant and flavorful and their mango flavoring is really good . not artificial tasting at all ! ratio of latte foam to tea was amazing ... creamy enough without being overly milky ! boba was on the softer side if you like that ... will definitely make this a must stop in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tea space . really good tapioca ! aside from the delightful bubbles they also serve variety of milk tea and other assorted tea drinks . what gets me the most is that they also serve hotspot . the cat theme walls facing the seats are pretty cool , some might call it cute but i 'm loyal to my dog . service is just perfect , soon as you walk in you 're greeted and seated promptly . i order the house milk tea with bubbles and grass jelly . i was thinking regular size would be a medium size but it actually looked like a large . i had a laugh with the server about if this is an smaller size what 's a merge size look like . the house milk tea taste like no other . in always down to try new milk teas but this one is definitely way different than all the other i 've tried . i really enjoyed the my order and looking forward to trying the hot pot with a side of milk tea . highly recommend this joint , cool cat theme , bubble teas and hot pot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the decoration of this cafe gives you a `` warm welcome '' . if you like ice milk drink w pudding and honey boba , this is the place you should go . great customer service . ca n't wait they have some taiwanese snacks like popcorn chicken or other taiwanese dishes . you definitely need to stop by if you are around the area and get a cup of the drink", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : 1 . customer service is fantastic , alan alvin ( sorry if you 're reading this , lol ) , he was friendly and let us sample the house milk tea , he ran down the menu for us and described all the popular drinks . 2 . milk tea , the house milk tea is good , it does taste fresh ( not that powder stuff ) , also tried the hakaido milk tea , better than others i 've tried . 3 . ambience , dim lit seating and real relaxed spa feeling . ( girlfriend did not like the cat paintings tho , needs more dogs lol ) cons : 1 . honey boba , the texture is a bit slimy ( kinda over cooked ? ) there 's only a hint of a honey taste . hopefully it 'll be better next time i visit . 2 . signage above shop . hopefully that is not the final sign , it does not give it a good first impression . this is all i have for now , but let 's just say i 'll come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for the first time and loved it ! we ordered the house milk tea with lychee jelly , mango lychee with lychee jelly , lemonade with aloe , and wintermelon with lychee and all were delicious . friendly services . nice and clean place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i missed my turn and drove right past this place on my first visit . it 's literally right by church 's chicken on the decatur side . there 's plenty of parking and service is quick . they only have 2 sizes , small and regular . the regular was pretty big , not that i 'm complaining . i just never thought a day would come where i could n't finish my boba drink . i am the type to slurp up every last tapioca ball . `` no boba left behind '' is what i always say . maybe i was already too full from dinner but i really could n't finish my drink . the boba is warm , soft , and chewy . the tea drinks have a more prominent tea flavor than most other places , which i really like . i 've had the kumquat juice , kumquat lemonade , wintermelon black tea , and lychee green tea with lychee jelly . no complaints . everything was good , but the service is what keeps me coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been to many milk tea places in vegas and this one tops certainly tops the list ! i love a strong tea flavor in my milk tea and we definitely found it here . they serve the boba warm too abd it has a nice sweet honey flavor which compliments the flavor of the tea nicely . we had the house milk tea with boba and pudding and the longan green milk tea with boba - both highly recommended ! we like the milk tea here better than kung fu tea ! we 'll definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this place last night to give it a try , bc i was kind of getting tired of kft . even thought they close @ 11 and came at 10:50ish , the boba was still warm and fresh ! ! ! i got the okinawa milk tea and the balance between the sweet and tea-ish taste was perfect ! the prices are so gr8 for their sizes . my fav new boba spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a new taiwanese boba tea shop in vegas , and the owner came from la who is very experienced in making boba drinks . i like the coffee milk tea and lemon with honey there . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great friendly staff and good variety of teas nice atmosphere i stopped and got a couple of times he 's really enjoyed them", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister and i got the honey green tea and milk green tea with lychee and they were both made to perfection ! not artificial tasting or too sweet : ) not from here but will be back when in the area . also good pricing for what you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good bubble tea , very fresh . the staff are very nice and open to adjusting sweetness levels before and after purchase . not too many seats but i do n't think it 's particularly busy . one downside : wifi was n't working for me : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love finding places like this ... cute hidden gems that are still untouched . almost like an a-list celebrity who has n't hit stardom just yet . although i do n't think this place will lose its touch of reality or appeal . staff is really nice , decor is adorable and environment is peaceful . great place to hang out with friends or to come to study . ordered an okinawa milk tea with boba and a green milk tea with boba and pudding . asked for both to be light sweet and both were delicious ! tea tasted great , boba and pudding were very fresh , and the drinks were super refreshing ! i would definitely come back here and avoid the craziness of kung fu tea . 10 stars for the cute cat decor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a boba addict & give this place a 5 star ! the tea is good quality & they have great customer service unlike other boba places ( like tea station which i used to go to a lot - not anymore ! ) they are so good at catering to my particular taste buds & how i like my drink that they even have my recipe on the wall since i go there everyday ! thats impressive and makes me feel very welcomed unlike other boba places . the staff is welcoming & you can tell they are sincere . i totally recommend this place to everyone ! and ... a bonus is ... their regular size is larger than a large size at any other place ive been to ! love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice and genuine . the second i walked in , she immediately got up offered me a menu , asked if this was my first time and listened to all my questions , and even got me a sample of their house tea . tea light cup is only dollar more if u really want it and i would go back 100 %", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent juicy chewy boba balls ! i usually get the black milk tea w boba less sweet and it 's always made well . the staff are always extremely friendly and accommodating for sweetness levels and customer satisfaction . i think the gentlemen making the drinks must be the owners and they always ask if the drinks are made to our liking and if we want to change the drinks just let them know . i have n't ever been to a tea shop this courteous ! thank you all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my new go to boba spot ! it is very clean and the service is wonderful .the cashier is very helpful and nice ! their boba is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their `` regular '' size is actually quite big which i love . got a winter melon milk tea with sea salt . the honey boba is nice a soft , and has a sweetness to it . you wo n't be disappointed . definitely will be my go to boba place while i 'm in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my new favorite spots in vegas to have a tea drink . the staff is super friendly and attentive without over doing it . my favorite drink is the starwberry milk blend with egg pudding ( extra sweet ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place so much . the food taste super good here and the workers are all really nice ! will come back again . \u8001\u95c6\u4eba\u597d\u597d \u6771\u897f\u4e5f\u597d\u597d\u5403", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best toy store in the cleve , hands down . they have a large selection of quality , award winning toys that engage children beyond that of barbies and ninja turtles . they have klutz books , melissa & doug , creativity for kids and more ! can you tell i used to work at a toy store ? i really love the life sized melissa & doug stuffed dogs and this store has 'em . if i was n't unemployed , i 'd do some real damage here now that i have a nephew to shop for . luckily , the best toy buying years are ahead of him , so i can still do my part in keeping this independent toy store afloat . it is fun just to browse here . and , they gift wrap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a great store . fun and unique toys for kids of all ages ! it will put a smile on your face !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love getting my son 's clothes here ! you can find some good deals on clothing . my only complaint is sometimes certain clothing items are pricey for being used .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the many reasons i love being an aunt is that i get to shop at places like this for my nieces and nephew . i do n't have to elbow people out of my way at toys r us during the holiday season , and my money stays local . they have stuff for the range of infant to grade school , and you can find first-world made goods pretty frequently . they sell lovely collectibles like the steiff animals , and they have a wide selection of educational games and toys . the kind employees gift wrap , too , for those of us who are totally helpless at it . bottom line , not your average toy store . i 'm glad to have them right down the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unique and great toys for kids of all ages . the staff is great . my kids are spoiled rotten and pretty much have acquired every toy under the sun ... or so i thought until i stumbled upon this place . huge selection and pretty awesome educational toys and games . this little , local gem is well worth checking out , but be advised bring your checkbook ! you will buy even more shit for your little monsters . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , ambience and food . pizza was delicious . pizza taste fresh and had a nice crisp to it . pizookie ( chocolate chunk ) with vanilla bean was average . a lot of seating and excellent bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in on saturday june 18th only for a quick drink & an appetizer . many beers on tap , service was good . had the meatball trio-it was ok . sauce could have had a bit more flavor for me , maybe spicier ? we will possibly come back again , to give this place more time and effort . up to checking out more options on the menu . the server did mentioned the bruschetta is good . the portobello ( 1 ) stuffed mushroom appetizer was almost $ 10 , it was to pricey for my taste ! happy hour specials offered as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty busy place so far . just opened . i sat outside as it is a beautiful day and i better do this now before the heat comes . my waitress heather took good care of me . i got a 16oz north mountain grooving with a pict and a small mega-veggie pizza . the north mountain was great with a mellow taste and bite . everyone was very nice and it was extremely clean . the music was good and not too loud ( 80s-today 's pop ) . they have a full bar and the decor of the place was wonderful . the pizza was delicious . i do n't think i have anything to complain about . not even the price ! haha good job heather !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited last night for the first time . avoided the one on mill because it 's college student central so i was glad to hear they opened one up near me in the east valley . happy hour is absolutely amazing ! my friends and i drank to our fullest and even shared an appetizer and the total bill was astonishing ! i was ready to fork over at least $ 70 dollars but it was n't even close to that . bartender was great , even chose great music for that time of night . in regards to the poor ratings , i feel bad for newly established restaurants . it 's hard work , and yes i agree everything should be ready to go once the doors are open but people should give new restaurants more than one chance . i gave them 4 stars because i have n't had their pizza yet . hopefully i can give them a 5 once i try the pies !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super slow , 45 minutes to get our pizza . i can see why there 's not many customers right now . service was good ( thanks sunny ! ) but it 's over priced for what you get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the gluten free mighty meaty and it 's absolutely delicious . the gf pizzas seem larger than other restaurants i 've been too and does n't appear to be the standard `` udi 's '' crust you get at a lot of restaurants . the restaurant was n't terribly busy on saturday at 3 o'clock and we were seated and served fast . the music was n't loud and there were 3 college games playing on the tvs above the bar . i love the ambiance and the restaurant was clean . wait staff attentive and friendly ! i will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the food here but love the staff just as much ! anthony is amazing . super friendly and great attitude ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i come here pretty regularly and every time it is awesome ! all the food that i 've had is flavorful and the drink selection is vast and constantly rotating . we always request anthony to be our server , he does a great job and knows the menu well , he 's always able to offer recommendations when we need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy cow slow slow slow . over 1 hour to get a pizza . asked 2 servers for parmesan cheese to put on our pizza over 20 minutes . pizza was good but damn so so slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "45 minutes later and we are still waiting on a large pizza . staff has n't interacted with us much at all . be ready to wait and feel forgotten . update : i talked to the manager and decided to give it another try . we had a much better experience . the food was great and service was attentive this time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been frequent guests at varies time and the service is amazing ! from gm kris , to mr brandon to our server anthony the entire staff is refreshingly helpful . not to mention the food is delicious , quick , & hot ! -dewayne and lisa-", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my wife and daughter here for a quick lunch on a weekday . the service was excellent and the pizza is delicious . the ingredients that mm uses are super fresh and really stand out over other pizza options in the same area . the craft beer selection is also one of the best if not the best for a pizza place in mesa . definitely will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my second trip to this location . the service was much better this time around and everything came out promptly . we ordered the holy shiitake ( which was ahhhmazing ) and pretzel bites . the bites were slightly undercooked and doughy . nonetheless it was a pleasant experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food everything is fresh . nothing is made before you order . absolutely the best in town . staff is great and friendly . food comes out hot and delicious . you ca n't go wrong . anthony is the best server around . highly recommend the food and the service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza was ok service was far from ok. prob will b my last trip , unless someone else is paying", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place , lots and lots of beer choices , we had the house pizza it was very very good , service was great . we went on a weekday about 3pm , we would definitely return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't have anything really earth shattering to say here . i just think the pizza here is kind of `` meh . '' the crust and sauce are not bad , they are just not something to rave about . the service is usually attentive , which is nice . i do n't see me going out of my way to come here though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "family stopped by this new restaurant in the neighborhood . good looking place . pizza and salad was tasty . ordered the jerk wings . another family member ordered the jerk sandwich . wings are super small and way overpriced . the jerk sandwich had double the meat compared to the wings and it was cheaper . do n't get the wings ! ! ! ! felt like i got ripped off . nice place just do n't know how i feel about the value we received . also questioned why the bar is facing west with zero shade when you are trying to drink a beer with the sun in your eyes . the architect and design of the building is laughable . they did n't think that one through . hopefully they get that fixed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to mellow mushroom as a family for the first time . the hostess said it would be 35 minutes to wait . after nearly an hour the manager apologized but offered no alternative other than to come back another day or wait for a table which could take up to another 20-35 minutes . the hostess then came back and said they had 2 hi top tables for us . we explained that we had 2 kids in high chairs who would literally be sitting under the tables because they were hi tops . the hostess seemed frustrated that she had set up the tables that we would not be able to use . after nearly 2 hours of waiting our food finally came . while the food was good , the service was awful ! i 'm sad to say the wait was not worth it ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the grateful dead drink , but it always has been inconsistent when it is made . you can tell right away by the color if it is going to be strong or not . i guess it depends who makes it . i always come here and yesterday i decided to add artichoke to my pizza , for as much as i paid for it i was expecting a good portion , but there was barely any artichoke and it was really disappointing and to the point where i almost wanted to ask for a refund of just the price of the artichoke . it either looked like they did n't have it in the kitchen and were really low , or maybe they just do small portions of it , but either way it was n't worth the $ 2+ i paid extra for it . now i know not to add it . friendly staff every time i 've come but it seems like we are always waiting the longest on our check being brought over . mixed feelings !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys can not handle volume . went here on a weekend and a to go order for two pizzas took 90 minutes . the pizza was good , but there are other pizza places close by that are just as good if not better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just could n't get into the crust , toppings seemed to be good quality stuff , sauce was good , service was friendly yet slooooow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time and here and was expecting it to be really good . waited about 45 min which was fine . no biggie . order a cheese pizza for the kids and the steak and cheese for me . the pizza was ok . nothing to write home about and the steak and cheese was cold with no flavor . a bit bummed about the food . looks like we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came to this location for the first time this afternoon . i was impressed , nice red , white , and black decor . food was about $ 20.94 , for 2 burgers , one fry and one drink . we ate it there , but outside . it was a beautiful day , so good to sit outside . they even provide peanuts on the table so while you are waiting for your food to be cooked you can enjoy cracking peanuts and eating them . bathrooms were nice and clean , as i went to wash my hands before i ate . place was clean , even outside . food was fantastic ! the bun should be toasted it would not fall apart so easily . free refills on drinks . their drink machine is very different in looks , but works great ! fries were fantastic , we were going to get 2 but , the girl working said one was enough for 2 people . it was the regular size and it was enough for 2 . we enjoyed it and will go back again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was kinda shocked when a patron dropped their peanut shells on the floor . i need to get used to dropping my garbage on the floor , seems fun . ordered a cheeseburger and got a double cheeseburger . $ 5.95 . there is something wrong when a company misrepresents standards to be cute or to pump up sales . that aside my burger was sloppy but good , i ate it all . and i got to tell you , i 'm still an in-n-out fanboy . thanks for the free peanuts , pretty good . good luck five guys !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to work here and i absolutely loved the food . i would always eat here as well and i love the hamburgers and frys . i recommend eating here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay five guys ... .you 've won me over since the last time i partook in some meatygoodness that is a five guys burger . our food wasnt as gr -- -easeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy ( in my best paulie shore voice ) as it was last time . our canjun fries were nice and crispy . well , at least the food didnt seem as greasy . though my lack of a gallbladder would have said differently about 30 minutes later . thank goodness target and burlington had clean bathrooms ! o_o eek ! : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't get it . everything i hear is that death can not happen before downing a burger from this place . ok , it 's not bad but i felt like i needed a good artery cleaning afterwards . i could 've squeezed enough grease outta this meal to lube the chassis of my truck . gim me an animal style at in n out any day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow so today i informed the cashier about the last mishap and she was actually the general manager for the store she seemed truly concerned about it and she gave us a free meal how nice of her we did n't expect it but she did great job , christina", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five guys you woo me with your delicious burgers and fries ! the burgers are fat juicy , flavorful and delicious ! these burgers are old school midwest diner type burgers ... ..greasy the way a burger should be ! i do n't know what the problem is in az the burgers and fries are excellent ! the service at this location has always been fast and friendly . these are awesome big ole greasy burgers ! go eat one ! side bar ( debbie s ) post your review once not on every location that you have never been too that is just plain rude !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five guys , like smashburger , is based around a marketing plan that involves intentionally high prices and telling the customer they are receiving a higher quality product . on one hand , the fries are great , even if they are your sodium intake for the month . the burgers , on the other hand , are so-so . not bad , mind you , and they are definitely fresh and custom made . they 're just not that great . they remind me of something i would pull off of the grill in the backyard . for the money , i 'll just go to in-and-out , save a few bucks , and get a better burger . still , if you 've never been , you should check them out at least once if for no other reason than the fries and awesome soda machine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "double bacon cheeseburger simply delicious . ( should have ordered the little one ) the fries are the best i ever eaten . hot , fresh , and perfectly salted . you can tell that the people working there enjoy what they are doing & that makes the food taste even better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love me a good burger and 5 guys does n't disappoint . the burgers are ok for the price but the fries are a must order . a regular order can feed 2-3 people because they do n't skimp . as a whole i would give this place 3 stars but they earned a 4th start for their online ordering system . no waiting in line for this gal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so it was my first time trying 5guys and ... .. it was amazing ! period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warning : peanut oil used for fries ! my son has allergies to both egg and peanut so he was unable to eat here . they use peanut oil for the fries and the buns may contain egg , yet the staff was uninformed and unable to find out ! because they had a reputation for a good burger , my husband and i went back another day without our son to give it a try . my husband 's hamburger had no meat ! we are done ... .never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go to five guys all the time . i like the regular fries and my girl likes the cajun . we asked the cashier and they were very nice and let us know you can order some cajun seasoning on the side and apply it to your liking . hope this works for you ! five guys is the best ! i used to think in-n-out burger was the bees knees but my opinion changed as soon as i was introduced to five guys . anyone who is unsure about a new chain in this area should really take a friend ( or two ) and try it . you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great for when you want something fast but do n't do fast food ! it had a 50 's diner feel to it , really nice employees and fast service . the fries are freaks cut and fried in peanut oil which i really like , and the burgers come in two sizes so you can get a smaller one if you do n't want a monster burger ... but they have those too ! they also have just about ever topping for a burger you could think of ... no drive thru , but it 's worth it to run in and grab to go or stay and eat a minute . the music is loud and sometimes a little annoying depending on what is playing ; ) ... just say no to crap like mcdonalds and come here instead !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten at two locations and they are good burgers if they are close by , but not worth hunting for", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing burgers ... bad fries i absolutely love the burgers here . theyre very juicy , cooked just right and they have a wide aray of options for building your burger . personally , i like putting the green chilli peppers on my burger . however , every time i order the overpriced fries her they always turn out soggy and greasy which is a big turn off for me . although i often just order it to go and eat the burger at home with some chips or a side dish to complete the meal . when you order you can expect to pay a pretty high price relative to other burger joints and the wait is longer than average .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger and fries are both very good . i would have to say the food is way better than in n out . i still prefer smash burger over 5 guys though . my main complaint about 5 guys would be that they have to many tables smashed together which makes it very difficult to navigate the dining area . if you are handicapped in any way forget being able to get to a table without having to ask the other patrons to stand up from their meals and move out of the way . even at that you would have to move the tables as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "most people love their hamburgers but i am a fan of their hot dogs ! their regular burger is pretty tasty and is a double patty . their small burger is one patty and definitely enough for me . i love the fact that you can put all kinds of toppings for no extra charge . it really gives you an opportunity to experiment with different toppings every time you go . however , the pricing is a little on the expensive side for being hamburgers and hotdogs . not too expensive ... .just like 10.00-12.00 for a `` combo '' as they sell things separately . overall , once in a while i crave it and do end up coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location with fast and friendly service of reliably delicious burgers made to your liking . parking can be tricky if they 're busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't super impressed the first time i tried five guys , so i figured i 'd give them a chance to redeem themselves . alas , i 'm still pretty `` meh '' about them . burger was okay , but the fries are super oily . i know it 's peanut oil , so it 's supposed to be better for you , but seriously , by the time i got home , the paper bag was pretty much soaked through . and , side note about this location , overall very clean , but no toilet seat covers in the restrooms ? what are we , heathens ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're in the mood for a good cheeseburger this is the place to go ! the menu super simple . there 's lots of way to customize your cheeseburger with a whole bunch of different toppings . on a side note make sure you only order a small burger if you want a single patty or regular burger for two patties . learned that the hard way . two patty is just too much meat . i do think they need to add sriracha to their topping list . ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had dinner at one of these joints for the first time in my life on 2 16 15 and probably the last time . the fries were soaked in oil and they gave me way more than i could eat even though i only ordered a small . there was so much grease that it soaked through the paper bag . the burger was a double patty bacon burger and exactly the same . therefore , you can come here and blowout your cholesterol levels . the staff was friendly and the place was very clean with a price under $ 15 for one person . otherwise , i would have given them a one star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy that this five guys opened here ! five guys is a great place to get a burger . the base is a delicious patty , spiced and cooked with good flavor , inside of a hamburger bun . from there , you can choose an array or toppings or none at all . once you order , you wait until your number is called and you go get your food . it can be pretty heavy , so it 's not a frequent meal i partake it , but when i do i enjoy it very much so . the cajun fry 's are delicious . there is no reason to order anything other than a small . they give you a cup-full inside of the bag on top of your regular order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wifecame back hysterically mad guess you got ta babysit these high school kids that are working there there 's one a chubby little girl talking and talking and laughing while our food was getting cold all the guys around her laughing and chit chatting like girls.. there was one other customer in a restaurant , , , ,wow where is the manager ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice location , easy parking . the dining area is roomy . clean restaurant . everyone is friendly . it does n't get a lot of traffic in the evening during the work week , so it 's a great time to visit . love the fries and the burgers ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what happened to my last review i give it 5 stars the burger optional choices are excellent the fries are excellent the soda fountain is superb but takes a little getting to know how to use it but it 's worth it after you understand how it works it is the best soda machine around . the manager came over to my wife and i and asked us how we liked the meal we loved it and asked if he could get us refills from the soda machine which are free . while waiting for the food to be cooked they have free peanuts all you can eat which was a very nice touch if you 're kind of hungry before your meal.l not many places like this place the prices are worth the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burger was just ok the fries were alot for one person . it was a bit pricey . the music is was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo loud that the young lady taking the order could n't even hear us , .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it seams impassable to get your order the way you ordered it . it happened several times to me when i ordered stuff and they charged me for it , and i ended up not getting it in the sandwich", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best five guys i 've been to . when i came in raul greeted me and took my order . when i was waiting , to order [ barely ] took over eight minutes . raul offered me a free shake for that , i was super impressed and taken aback because that was just so sweet . i really appreciated this five guys experience i wish i lived closer because i would come here more often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time to review , however , this was my 6th visit . the burger is perfect , the fries superb , i am a french fry nut , when i say the fries are superb , you can trust me . i ask for extra help , food brought to me , etc . i get 110 % of what i ask for , from this terrific staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good , consistent burger . their fries are great ! kinda pricey ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for a quick bite . staff was friendly and i ordered a burger with two patties and a drink . i ended up waiting nearly a half hour to get my food . i understand freshness , but it looked as though they were cooking one order at a time . five guys is great , but this location could step it up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent customer service from every staff member and clean . the burgers , of course , are amazing every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a most pleasant experience while eating a most delicious cheese burger and fries with my wife and family . our son and daughter-in-law treated us to this very scrumptious meal after a visit to the local zoo . you may see our review posted of that location at your pleasure and convenience . we left five guys over stuffed , as the portions are quite generous , and being able to gain a refill of our beverage of choice was a bonus . good job you servers and prepares , well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped by this five guys because we were up in the neighborhood . i do n't even remember when i ate a five guys . place was clean and very empty . the manager reviewed the menu with us , very friendly . we ordered 2 small burgers , one with cheese , bacon , lettuce , the other had tomato , lettuce , onion , and pickle . we also ordered a small fry and a chocolate malted milk shake . we paid and sat down and waited , waited and waited . we noticed another order was in front of ours . it seemed a lot of chit chatting in the food prep area was going on because it took so long . food was good for a burger joint ( no calorie watching here ) , order came out correctly . my only comment was the wait time , service good , food good , i will say five guys far far better than shake shack in my opinion .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply awful . we had heard a few people rave about this place , and now i wonder if they were dropped as a baby or how they got this brain damage . the `` cheese '' is this awful petroleum grease product with yellow color . that was the worst of it , but nothing was good at all . and crazy price to boot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry but this place is sooo overrated and overly priced ! i do n't understand all the hype , brag and why people recommend this place ? ? i swear , in-n-out tops this place across the charts . they do n't even carry 1000 island dressing to put on ur burger ? wow ! ! they left that part out given all the choices they offer . i definitely wo n't recommend this place to anyone because they claim `` fresh '' tasting food and it is not , and it 's overly priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered the double cheese burger with pepper jack.service was slow for a fast food the burger was nice and juicy with plenty if flavor . the size of fries eas overflowing for a medium .definatelyvwill go back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . great food and nice music to listen to while you eat . there is hardly any waiting time and your food is hot when you get it and they never mess up your order !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went in for a burger , fries and a coke . i was hit with a 14.00 bill then i sat down to see what i paid $ 14.00 for . what i got was a bland hamburger and an excessive amount of fries for which i was charged $ 4 ! ! i wo n't be coming back . what a ripoff", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we all might have our favorite `` fast casual '' burger places but there is no denying five guys hits the spot . love the seemingly unlimited choice soda machines too . the only negatives are that it does n't quite have that home grilled taste and that if you 're bringing your family to eat the music is let 's be honest way too loud . loud enough it makes me eat faster just to have a little quiet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location was very nice . . clean and the food was great . but what this 5 star was the hospitality of jerry , he was cconsiderate and i 'm blessed tht .and im know that people and most of all eployees such as him that have consideration and compassion still are out there . anyone can make a great burger , but for me , jerry made this enough for me to keep returning and bring my friends too . that 's what makes it 5 for me btw im no way affiliated with this place but feel that if you want to be treated well and know your food is good try this location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service . ok clean place . but ... .burger overdone . and i mean overdone . no moisture at all . and no cheddar cheese ! come on ! really ? hey . `` american '' cheese is not cheese . it 's an orange grease square . jack in the box nearby does it better . and they have cheddar ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my second time at this 5 guys and love this time . they are very friendly here staff and welcoming . place is very clean and they are on top of cleanliness . the food is prepared perfectly . the cajun fries are a little over seasoned to my taste but taste amazing . overall great food , staff , and environment . i will recommend others to come as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if we 're in the mood for burgers , this is our go to spot . we 've never been disappointed and always impressed . the fresh sliced raw jalapeno is a nice option . the fries are perfect . so far 5-guys & smashburger are the best burgers we 've had in phoenix . we 're always searching for something better , but so far , nothing has beaten the five guys experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good milk shake and fries ! ! cheese burger was good . very disappointed they gave me canned mushrooms even i ordered grilled .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my in n out burger joint . this place is sooooo good . the burgers are juicy and tasty , and the cajun fries are delicious ! my favorite . i wish they had a better serving style for eat in the restaurant rather then eating out the bag . if you have n't tried this place i recommend you do . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want the best burger anywhere then head to five guys burgers ! ! this location is brand new and they are great . i have eaten at the ones in ca , but are so glade they have come here to az . i have turned on about 15 of my friends and they all say the same thing ( never going back to in & out again ) . and as far as stephen b. he has no idea what he is talking about ! and he did get one thing right the staff is great and they always have a smile on there face . ok now you go try them and tell me what you think about five guy 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude . when ordering the cashier laughed and mocked at my pronunciation of words . which is nothing wrong i just have a slight accent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first ever five guys experience was at this location . the staff was quick , friendly and efficient . they had customer service down to a science . the food was great and the drink stations never lacked in anything . the only problem was with the seating ... it was hard to move your chair and not accidentally bump into somebody else . but i think it was because i visited this place on a weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love their burgers , you can get almost anything you want on it for no extra charge . i love the grilled mushrooms . my daughter rotates between the little burger and the hot dog , she loves both ! the fries are big , a medium size will feed 2 people for sure , maybe three . they have a soda machine that gives you so many choices for beverages , almost too many ! so the negative is that it is very expensive and when we were in there the other day , i noticed they raised their prices so now it is even more over priced . my daughter and i both get the little burger , share a medium fry and both get a regualr soda and with tax it is just under 20.00 . i think that is alot of money for a fast food burger joint . the reason we go back is that we do love the food but it is not somewhere you can frequent if looking for fast food that fits the budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the burger was pretty darn good , but the fries are superb . they are fresh , cut thick ( between steak fries and belgian fries ) and are tasty , unlike in and out 's thin , greasy , flavorless fries . oh , the soda is excellent too , perfect mixture of water and syrup . i would go back just for the fries and soda .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! 2patty burger cut in 1 2 is enough for 2people ! i 've heard comments like `` its not flavorful meat '' -- -- but , it 's a ton of flavor ! it 's just all natural ! if u want gmo-burger-paste goto macdonalds . thank you 5guys ... for good service , great burgers & fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in vegas for a reunion and was looking for a place to take a lesson or just hit balls . i made a search on google and found `` desert palm tennis club . '' i spoke to zee and set up a lesson for myself and court time for myself and a friend . zee responded to the `` what is the proper grip question '' by explaining how your grip makes the ball have different spins , trajectory and bounces . my rating lesson was very nice . zee asked me to hit volleys , cross court ground strokes , overheads and serves . it was a real pleasure to trade shoots with such a competent tennis player . i highly recommend zee and his facility to anyone who loves tennis and wants to learn the game . just a happy hacker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tennis instruction ever . everyone is super friendly . i signed up for classes via the csn community enrichment and had a blast . i 've learned so much and have improved my tennis game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to darling , the arbors and a few other places for clinic and lessons . zee is enthusiastic , knowledgeable , positive and very affordable . he truly knows the mechanics , techniques , and skills necessary to make a better tennis player . from beginner to advanced , he will improve your game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . the owner is wonderful . she put me on a wait list for a specific mantra band that i wanted and called me when it came in . they have an amazing selection of unique , adorable items . this is the best place for unique holiday celebratory cards too ! beautiful and clean store . and they 're pet-friendly . even my pup loves it here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sales associates in the store were so kind , friendly , and helpful ! plus everything in the store is adorable . i will definitely be coming here more frequently !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in to pick up the `` cleveland bride '' and `` groom '' shirts . i ended up buying much more . everyone that works here were very helpful and very nice ! this is a beautiful store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my most favorite shop in rocky river ! this is my go to shop for a special gift . they ladies are so helpful , they always offer to wrap gifts and help me pick out some really cool items . the shop is very reasonable , so chic and is such a fun experience ! this place is a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you remember when you used to be able to call a store and speak with a live , friendly person who had the ability to answer numerous questions about their product ? ah , the good ole days ... but wait , you still can if you shop here . i kid you not when i say that it took me longer to figure out which of the cool prints i was gon na order than it did for kate to place my order over the phone and send me an email confirmation . boom ! christmas gift for my brother done . i live in los angeles so i wo n't be able to pop into the store in rocky river , oh anytime soon , but i 'll definitely be calling again to order more stuff . wonderful experiences are worth noting . thanks , kate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worked with kathleen on our daughter 's wedding invitations . kathleen is patient , knowledgeable , and a pleasure to work with . lovely paperie has beautiful merchandise in a relaxed atmosphere . i highly recommend stopping in if you are in the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this lil gem ! she has the most wonderful gift giving items , fabulous card selection . from the custom stationary to beautiful silver picture frames , beautiful coffee table books and so much more ! it is a must stop ! most of all the staff is so helpful and they make your shopping experience simply fabulous ! ivette immormino", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing hostess , wedding and baby shower gifts ! the owner is super friendly and always has interesting products , promotions and events . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is a reason why when i lived in scottsdale for 3 1 2 years i never ate at kyoto . but upon my last visit i decided i should try a new place . hmmmm ... . i now have also learned to always trust my trusty yelper 's reviews . this was a bad choice on my part . bad , slow service . poor sushi selection . no wine menu . the sushi came out cut as thick as a piece of steak . i hate thickly cut sushi . rolls ... ..bland . ambiance was that of a cheap , generic restaurant . the good ... ..cheap , sushi was fresh and did n't taste bad . but with all that being said i 'll pass on a next time here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best sushi i 've found in the desert . it 's almost a shame to give it 5 stars because it 's already too busy . the sashimi pieces are huge , service has always been great and the saki-bomb setup for $ 4 is a steal . i 've always sat at the bar so i ca n't speak about the tapanyaki tables . then again , who would want to sit at one of those anyway ? i 'll take mine raw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't visited for lunch - which apparently i am missing out on based on the reviews below ! anyway , i have been twice for a dinner and it has been sub-par . most recently i visited this past weekend 8 24 13 . sure , they may have the cool fire and loud , clanging spatulas - but it seems like more gimmicky than anything ; i would take benihana over kyoto any day . also , the staff we had both times were also sub-par ... . which truly fulfills the need for this restaurant to be rated `` meh . i 've experienced better . ''", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when we were getting ready for our trip to arizona i got on yelp to stake out the best sushi places in the area . kyoto seemed to have some of the best reviews , so we decided to check it out . we got there just in time , they close at 2pm for lunch and open back up for dinner later in the day . the salmon was fantastic . the unagi was fantastic . the rolls were nothing spectacular , in fact , a little dry . but , all in all , a quality sushi place . the prices were reasonable , about what you 'd expect to pay for decent sushi . what i want to know is this : is there a good `` all-you-can-eat '' sushi place anywhere in phoenix or the surrounding burbs ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to kyoto with some girlfriends from work and we had a blast . let me just say their bento lunch specials can not be beat . to start , we all ordered the miso soup- it was extraodinary ! i would live off that soup if i could . it had so many mushrooms in it which i love . for my meal , i got the chicken in teriyaki sauce- which came with salad , rice , and orange slices . i ate it all . the best part all of my meal was only $ 6 . i had friends get the sashimi and the tempura bento boxes . i think i might try the tempura box the next time we go . the server and host were very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go a few times a week for lunch , which is very inexpensive . for $ 3.75 you get a nice assortment of tempura vegetables and fish , small salad , and a little ball of rice . it 's just the right amount of food for lunch and you absolutely can not find anything cheaper nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as mentioned earlier , the best thing about this place is the super cheap , but super delicious lunch bentos . you get a main dish , rice , salad , and an orange for under $ 4 . if that 's not enough , you can get double meat for a buck or two more . i highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu . my friend i normally go with is a big fan of the white fish ( fried or grilled ) . the sushi here is n't bad . it 's nothing super special , but i do n't come here for the sushi so it 's not a big knock against the place . as they would say on ebay : a+++ great seller ! would eat here again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely one of the best sushi restaurants i have been to in scottsdale , az . rivals some of the sushi restaurants back in san diego , ca..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i love this place . it 's our favorite sushi . yes , it is always packed ( you are a tool if you have n't figured out to get there before 7:30p for dinner ) , and most of it is typical n. scottsdale kids who are at the bar and acting like idiots . the sushi is priced cheap for scottsdale and always tastes great , never a problem with `` catching '' anything , like another reviewer said , and we 've been here 6 - 7 times at least . lunch is a really good deal too . never tried the grill but always looks great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to get sushi in arizona . their prices are very reasonable and the sushi is very fresh . the cooking table is fun too if you 'd rather have some cooked stir-fry type food . i 'd recommend eating there before 7 pm , because it gets really crowded anytime after that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cheap and fresh sashimi that is served in a space that resembles the trailer that budd lived in from the quentin tarantino 's `` kill bill vol.2 '' . good selection of fresh fish coupled with the typical variety of sushi rolls that most people a accustomed to . nothing too special about kyoto but it 's a great place to pop into and get your sushi fix for a low price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this place since college , and i can tell you its definitely one of those `` an oldie but a goodie '' . so , its not a fancy schmancy place with hip party music playing and it does n't serve mixed drinks with cute names like `` hello kitty '' , but it should be a staple to anyone 's lunch place repertoire . they serve bento boxes ( basically a lunch box with rice , your choice of entree , salad and slices of oranges -- a healthy dessert ! ) for $ 3.75 . if you 're feeling like a high roller , you can order the sashimi bento box , and that will set you back a whopping $ 6 . who says you ca n't eat good for cheap ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i read they just had their `` soft re-opening '' ... not sure when they will re-open to the public . march 2017", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the first sushi spots in that area and it should be the first on your list when you 're craving some japaness goodness . we had the soft crab roll , volcano , icsh roll , and some white tail and octopus sashimi ... but ... we wanted more ! ugh unfortunately , my stupid tummy did n't have room for more , but there 's always next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my old-school stand out favorites . have been coming here for at least 10 years if not more . the owner is always there and friendly . ( always thanks you for coming in no less ) . for lunch they have amazing bento box lunches for under 6.00 dollars . if you crave teppan , they have old school teppan dinners where you can see your food aflame and cooked for you . if it were closer to downtown phoenix i would be parked here . i like to see that it refuses to change as the rest of scottsdale becomes trendier ... .i love that it has n't changed and that the quality of food and service is still great . for dinner its going to be old-school , i.e . not trendy and nothing challenging . this place did have its heydey about ten years ago , but that said , its comforting and good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for a girlfriend 's bachelorette weekend - so fun ! but then again , we 'd have fun at a gas station . it was about 100 degrees out at night - and there were many a dude sportin ' fancy , expensive convertibles driving by ( possibly hoping to pick up a drunk bachelorette ? ) - parts of scottsdale ooze money . good food & drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to kyoto about 3-4 times in the past 7 years . i still has n't changed a bit since the first time i went there when i was fifteen ! i always eat at the grills . i love places with the tepanaki ( i dont know how to spell it ) grills . i have been to many many places like this and kyoto is just ok . this place needs some serious redecorating . it looks like the place is stuck in the 1970 's . the food is good though . last time our grill cook was really bad and was droping things all over the place but hey everyone has an off day sometimes . i may go here again just because its so close to my home but otherwise i 've had better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kyoto is back after a long renovation and its as great as ever . many of the same chefs and staff and all of the same menu items and recipes . the volcano roll and vegas roll are 2 of our favorites . it 's high quality sushi at a reasonable price . and the same local ownership service experience abounds .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place . it 's a fun atmosphere , the bartender is really friendly and fun . the shots 'banana cum suckers ' are soooo good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fish was fresh-new sushi eater loved the candy cane roll ! friends found the having to write the order ourselves weird .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "teppanyaki seating with eight , 4 adults and 4 kids . from reviews , realized restaurant was just re opened a couple weeks ago . redone dining room with some minor cosmetic updates . never went to this place prior , but seems like a slight update . entertainment from `` chef '' was a bit light . not as embellished as expected . no real theatrics and did not make fried rice at table , came from kitchen in bowl . seemed a bit out of sequence , salad and soup at same time , then shrimp app , vegetables , then seafood , then proteins . no ice cream at end , we may be spoiled at the restaurant we go to at home . food was all ok , nothing overly memorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my home away from home ... .seriously ! i used to eat here three times a week when i lived in az . the owner service is grrrrreat ! ! they treat everyone like family : ) . definitely come here if you love sushi ! for larger parties and events , they also have teppanyaki in the back room . their menu is soooo reasonably priced and absolutely delcious ! ! my friends and i would come here before going out as well ... .ca n't pass up the $ 4 saki bomber specials ... ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a true scottsdale tradition , kyoto offers fabulous sushi in a dive-y yet oh-so-hip atmosphere . their tako salad is one of the best and the teppanyaki tables ( for those who want cooked food ) really are a blast . kyoto 's hidden secret is its great lunch specials . you can get your sushi fix for under $ 10 and avoid the crowds that come in the evening . bento boxes with terriaki chicken will please your non-sushi friends . i 'm so glad this place survived downtown scottsdale 's growth spurt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love ! this is the go-to place when my boyfriend and i want sushi . and we are sushi lovers . the prices are ridiculously low for the quality and location . regardless of pricing , the sushi is still the best in the valley ( in my opinion ) . this is also coming from a japanese girl : ) in our most recent visit , my boyfriend and i sat at the sushi bar and asked the chef for a recommendation . we ordered the hawaiian ono sashimi because of it , and it was tasty ! we love our standard selection , but it 's nice to order new things every now and then . when you go for lunch , the specials are even cheaper in price and just as delicious . i have no complaints about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch for under $ 4.00 ? you bet you . super cheap lunch from 11-2pm tues-sunday . i usually get out of there with a bento box with chicken , rice , salad , and slices of oranges for $ 3.75 and a tuna roll for $ 3.50 , super cheap ! ! i heard dinner is exquisite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding service from nuko ... the rolls and sushi are of great quality considering the price . you must try the point break and the candy cane rolls -they are to die for . you can eat well for two by sharing sushi and rolls for approximately $ 42 + tip . love this place and think it will become my go to sushi place - they also have the teppanyaki tables which i have n't tried yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a treasure in old town scottsdale ! consider yourself lucky if you need a cheap lunch in scottsdale because this is as good as it gets ! i love their sushi and lunch specials . $ 3.95 for a full chicken terriyaki lunch , with salad ! ! i guess they do n't believe in inflation ? these prices can not be found anywhere else ... especially not in old town . their rolls are unbelievably cheap too ! i had an order of oysters one day and it was ... amazing ! once again ... cheap oysters that are fresh and served on a plate of ice . what more can you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got to revise my review . wrote a few months ago that the quality had slipped , but they are back to their old strength , and then some . awesome sashimi ! besides the usual ( tuna , yellowtail etc , ) , they had marlin and mahi today - wow ! service has always been great , by the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they say sushi bars are more about the decor and the swag than the food and boy did this lovely place in old town scottsdale live up to the expectation ! our itamae ( chef ) was very pleasant and delightful . he kept cracking jokes whilst showing excellent skills with the fork and the slotted spoon . the menus is good with decent prices . we had 2 rolls , 2 chicken entrees and 3 drinks for $ 45 . i felt the food was mediocre but i 'd overlook that in lieu of the wholesome experience , plus i am not a huge fan of sushi anyway . all in all , it was an awesome experience and i would recommend this as a must try for a night of dining fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sashimis were not fresh and warm , yes , warm ! $ 14 tuna toro lacked any flavors . sea urchins taste like chemicals , and not fresh either . nigiri rice were warm and hard so it 's probably from the day before . steak tataki were overcooked . a good place to get cheap lunch but not for good sashimi . service was sub par . will never come back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` a-ok '' . that describes fairly accurately my experience here . i imagine if i had gone for the teppanyaki i would have a higher rating , but i was in the mood for sushi . unfortunately , the sushi selection here is extremely limited . the fish was nice and fresh , although not the best i 've had . and there was a strange spice on the white fish that i found quite surprising . not necessarily bad , but it seemed out of place . the tako salad was quite tasty , although it was absolutely drowned in ponzu sauce , so beware ! overall , i would n't consider this as a `` destination '' to go back to ; however , i would n't say no if i were invited to go eat here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place and i love the manager dwayne he 's so friendly , the staff is always nice , atmosphere 's amazing , food is fabulous.. i totally recommend it and there teppanyaki bar 's great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for almost a decade now . i love it . great prices , great sushi , great chefs . they have lots of ingredients , including some of the more rare ones like kampyo . i almost always order a couple of rolls made `` my way '' ... all veggies ! yum ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best sushi restaurant in arizona ! i have been going many japanese restaurant . this is the one of selling fresh food with good price ! ! ! i 'm so so so happy this place came back to business after closed down for over 1 year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 stars ! after eating pure sushi , i 'd say it does n't have the freshest raw sushi -- and it does n't have the best americanized sushi . i did like the caterpillar roll as well as the tuna belly nigiri . the fried rice was tasty , however , because i like spicy , i 'd add some siracha to add an extra kick to it . it makes me crave tomato fried rice . the scallops were also good , however , i 've had better ones at roka akor ( although the one here is better priced for sure ! ) my other friends love this place . i think if i come here again , i 'd opt to get the salmon volcano roll -- i hear it is superb !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to kyoto about 100 times for lunch , and i 've never been disappointed . great prices , and a very friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the price this place is awesome . the service you may find a bit slow , but if your not a scottsdale brat , and dont expect someone else to wipe your ass for you , you will love this place . the lunch prices are unreal , and i 've taken my kids here for there birthday at the teppanyaki tables - which we all loved . the sushi is better than ra for the price in my opinion . so let me say again if you 're not a snobby scottsdale brat you will indeed love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my go-to lunch places since it is one of the few restaurants in the area besides quiznos , chipotle or the food court at the mall where you can get a lunch for under $ 10 . actually , it is under $ 5 . serious value ! i love the bento boxes , everything is always fresh . i usually get the teriaki chicken since i do n't like fried so much or sometimes when i feel like a splurge i get the sashimi . either way it is always good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love love kyoto lunch ! consistently excellent ! have been going there for years . keep up the great job kyoto japanese restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one star for the most terrible service in recent memory . our server `` dk '' was outright rude and horrible , and outright ignored us when she was n't making us uncomfortable . as a former waitress of 14 years , i have the utmost respect , patience and tolerance for my former bretheren - but this woman needs to go . bad dk ! otherwise , our teppiniyaki ( sp ? ) chef was wonderful , the food was delicious and fresh and a solid four stars . i have been going to kyoto since 1995 and it remains a fun and festive place with very reasonable prices . too bad it was ruined this time by dk ! dk needs a different job , more suited to her personallity , like euthanizing kittens or something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't expect much from this place . place is dingy , especially for it being in scottsdale . the service was okay , but the sushi rolls were sub par . there was even one roll , the group could n't even finish because the fish tasted old . we wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was great , chef was great but the waitress was awful . the place was not busy at all and we never got refills from the server , never got asked by the server how our meal was , and we 're given the bill until 40 minutes after we were done eating . it was brought by another server .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just like the old days . it can never reclaim those days but memory lane was fun .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for a birthday , two of us had the teppanyaki and one had sushi . we all ordered drinks , all of which were disappointing . two of the three sushi rolls ordered came out about 20 minutes before the teppanyaki chef , so she had already finished eating both of those by the time the chef came out . the last roll came out as we were finishing eating the teppanyaki . the sushi rolls were all good and the only reason for two stars instead of one . the two of us who ordered teppanyaki both got the filet mignon , both of which were the worst filets we 've ever had . the meat was very sour and unpleasant . as others have mentioned , the veggies in the fried rice are frozen and the rice is bland . while the sushi was good , we wo n't be returning . there are other sushi restaurants in phoenix and scottsdale that are more affordable and far better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of my favorite spots in in town . the good it 's always good and the service is tops . i recommend the salmon volcano roll if you are on a date . she will be impressed when that comes out . the parking has valet do that 's another plus for dates . me and my girlfriend did the teppan so i recommend that cause the chefs are really skilled and the food is delicious . the price for this place is very reasonable since you are in scottsdale . guys if you need a place to go and want to impress your date go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go for the screamin lunch menu ! all the usual fare for $ 3.50 and up . plus it 's in a nice area and the decor is pleasant . you can get the same stuff in a styrofoam bowl at those other places but why not eat it out of a bento box and look stylish at the same time ? not earth shattering but then again , it wo n't cost you and arm and a leg ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff took 10 minutes to get my friend and i menus and water . the sushi staff completely forgot about our order 30 min after getting salads and the appetizer . this place seems to be running in disarray .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "5 stars for lunch options and value , 2.5 stars for lunchtime sushi . 4 stars for dinner , 4 stars for dinner sushi . this place has two faces - a simple and incredible value during lunch ( 4 $ tasty lunch bento boxes ... are you kidding ? ) , and then a full blown , non-corporate teppan-yaki at night . i definitely tend to notice a difference in the quality of the sushi between lunch and dinner with the latter being preferable . dinner options are delicious and great fun , but the amazing dimension kyoto brings to downtown scottsdale are its lunch offerings . seriously , they 're good , and under 5 bucks . that alone makes it worth the trip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi that wo n't strain your budget . kyoto japanese has been my go to place for sushi for 25+ years now . lunch is the best value in town . if you are looking for a swank , place to be seen sushi joint , then head down the street to one of the other plentiful japanese sushi restaurants . if you are looking for a place with good sushi at a reasonable price and a friendly staff to serve you , then visit kyoto . i did notice that they recently raised prices after 25 years but i think you can still afford it . the price for a tuna roll is now a whooping $ 4 . come on ... .you ca n't beat that and it is always fresh . the teppanyaki tables are fun and entertaining . oh , almost forgot ... ... a sake bomber sake with a 22oz beer is just $ 6 ( at least last time i checked ) if you have not been to kyoto , be sure to make this one of your upcoming destinations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for hibachi and definitely worth a try for their sushi . the tables can get a little tight with a big group , so be prepared to get really cozy with your neighbors . the chefs are awesome and highly entertaining . sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing and the bartender was hilarious . definitely worth checking out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's been a while . ok ... .. still impressed with the pricing . affordable for sure . i like the re model . thought they were building a patio , but maybe not . new windows were cool . not sure how to describe the service . server , blah and i mean pretty blah . does n't mean she did a bad job . just blah . can kyoto invest in server uniforms ? we still had a good time . will be back . hope they will take a hard look at the service that they provide .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kyoto is now one of my favorite restaurants . i took a date there late on a saturday night - it was perfect ! the food was delicious , the cook entertaining , and the ambiance unique . i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really ? teriyaki chicken with a side salad and rice for $ 3.50 ? oh , and its good ? seriously ? i was amazed at how cheap their lunch specials are and even more amazed that it was actually quite good . the chicken was soft moist white meat with a tasty teriyaki sauce and mushrooms . i really enjoyed the sauce , because it was n't sickeningly sweet or heavy . the salad was as simple as they come ... just some iceberg lettuce with a surprisingly flavorful dressing . i am not sure what the dressing was made of , but my best guess is some combination of peanut , soy and ginger . very tasty ! it was really the perfect amount of food for the lunch hour . i walked away full and satisfied , but not so full that i had to fight the post-lunch food coma .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they do n't cook the fried rice in front of you . the scallops are the sandiest i have ever tasted ... almost not edible . the vegetables tasted like ... vegetables ... minus flavor . the soup was salty . the salad was ... ok . there is nothing desireable about the teppanyaki experience . the sushi looked good . i wo n't ever know if it is because i have no desire to go back there . since there are other restaurants that have amazing sushi ... i wo n't be back . last , the server , was sub par and did n't deserve the tip we gave her . do n't go here ... there are so many restaurants that are better in scottsdale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome lunch specials for crazy cheap . greta sushi as well . never had a bad experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best sashimi in the valley ! ask for belly-cut yellowtail ; so tender and juicy ! they also have teppan tables that are fun to sit at if you 're with a big party . the filet and scallops are delicious , the marinade compliments both of them . there can be long waits on the weekends , but it 's definitely worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed . the service was slow and they never asked for drink-refills . the waitress seemed to be mia most of the night . i was excited to hear that they serve gluten free soy sauce but you have to watch how they prepare it . they poured normal soy sauce all over my meal and i had to have them recook mine . we had a large group of ppl ( 15 ) and we agreed we wo n't be returning . on a positive note ... ..the sushi was awesome !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank god kyoto is back . been coming here for thirty years . this is as authentic as it gets . had the masago nigiri with eggs -- one word exquisite . had the beef sashimi extra spicy -- so awesome . the fried rice is the best . just the best most authentic sushi in az . masa started this place long ago , he would be proud that the food is still the best sushi in az try the saki bombers , they have 12 flavors . perfect local joint", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite spots to go to for good , cheap , and ( usually ) fast sushi . i usually always sit at the sushi bar , because this place can get busy at there regular tables . usually when i 'm in the mood for sushi , i go to this place . i love everything about it , the only couple times i havent enjoyed my sushi were when we had gotten a couple special rolls , which i ca n't even remember the name of those since they were so forgettable . service is great , and our drinks are replenished rather quickly . my fiance and i can become stuffed with sushi for about $ 20 for the both of us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for the best sushi and teppanyaki in scottsdale look no further ! quick service , delicious food , and just all around good experience . i 've hit up all the sushi places in scottsdale and kyoto has the most authentic and creative sushi . even my friend that frequents japan is greatly impressed with everything this place has to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great and the beer was cold but the main reason i 'm coming back is because of bailey , she was outstanding ! ! ! james", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great . everything else is amazing too . always a favorite place at downtown scottsdale .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the $ 5 hot and ready we grabbed for a quick dinner was lacking in sauce ( literally none on it at all ) ... but did come with an added bonus of matted long black hair baked into the bottom of our crust . yeah ... seriously ... feeling multiple strands of hair literally ripping in my mouth when i take a bite is about as disgusting as i 've ever experienced . this is the last time we will ever visit this location ... and probably the last time i 'll have pizza for a while . appetite ruined .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried calling my order in 20 min before closing and nobody answered 3 times . so i decided to drive there and place my order . when i arrived some lil girl greeted me with attitude . i noticed two employees arguing in the office . then asked for a manager . this girl come out extremely rude and asked what i need . i told her about my experience and she told me `` well you pizza will be out soon . what more do you want ? '' horrible customer service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been coming here for years . no food poisoning , consistent food quality , super fast service . for the price i have no complaints . the wings are imo soggy but again for the price not unexpected . the service is spotty but it 's pretty evident that many of their hires are younger people whom are still learning the ropes of having a job . i think that 's cool- young people need experience . and i get cheap tasty pizza . works for me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't laugh . the 4 stars is n't for the food obviously . i mean , what do you expect for $ 5 ? for the price the pizza is good and this place has been consistent for the last year since i have been living in gilbert . i go there more than i 'd like to admit . they are always wonderful with my 3 year old son . they give him a bag of cookies every time without fail . they have never not made his day . the staff is nice . in and out in record time every time . i call ahead and pick up randomly . if i call ahead my order is ready and correct . if i stop in they always have cheese and pepperoni in stock ready to go . what else can you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really love this little caesars . the pizza is always fresh and ready anytime i walk in the door . the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because i love crazy bread , but this location always falls short in that aspect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just want to say how incredibly helpful and friendly deryn and beau are . i 've had issues with my pool and they have helped me immensely with getting it back to being crystal clear in a fast and a cost efficient way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "deryl was very helpful and very knowledgeable about all of the products ! he was able to answer all questions and more ; we will definitely be back to this location specifically for the rest of our pool needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan , rick and kevin were great and very helpful ! would shop there again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another hidden gem . i have to say , the owners are nothing short of friendly and personable . the fusion rolls are amazing , chicken same , as are the sides . the corn bread ... .oh the corn bread . good food , good people , quiet and relaxed settings . ample parking in the rear . the only things i would put out there as cons are the wait and the lack of a soda fountain ( canned soda for those of us that drink quite a bit when we eat ) . this is n't fast food folks . if you are n't in a hurry and want good soul food , this is the place to go and relax .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . the couple is so sweet , fusion rolls are good . the mac n cheese is yummy . all the food i have tried is delicious and it re-heats very well . i always have more for later or the next day . i love this place . food is excellent . hot water corn bread is delicious and i would never leave out without some , i love it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the best meals of my life . the cornbread and greens were amazing , i 've never liked either of those things before . the ribs are great . the fusion rolls are out of this world . and the peach cobbler is so delicious it 's crazy . the owners are very sweet . i can not recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in here and the owner dave might be a sociopath . i saw him yelling at a mother with her child in her arms . when she showed the slightest hesitation in what she wanted he told her to hurry up , he really did n't care what she ordered , and that she could leave if she wanted . go here if you like being yelled at over a sandwich , scratch that , i beg you not to support a mean lunatic . you 're selling sandwichs dude , sorry you 're a washed up rock star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there again this year and it was just as good as last year . same great small town and same great subs . again , it 's not laspada 's , but its solid good eats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter came into get a sub for the first time and immediately was sick ; throwing up . clearly food poisoning . i called the store and spoke with the manager to bring the issue to her attention , to prevent anyone else from getting sick from their food . she completely denied the possibility of it being the store 's fault and did not even apologize . poor customer service . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best subs on town . hands down . fresh bread with a soft middle . i 'm obsessed with their pickles ! i bought a jar just to take home . they have some unique flavors of chips and soda pop . they also have party trays . perfect for parties or when you just do n't feel like cooking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . i eat a lot of subs and this was at best mediocre , although all the glowing reviews say otherwise . ordered a dave 's cosmic sub original . meat seemed cheap ( not high quality boars head etc ) , bread was crispy not soft and , served cold.cosmic sauce is just a creamy italian dressing with a bunch of cheap meat and bland mozzarella shoved on top . nothing special at all . i 'm all for supporting small shops with good product but honestly i can get way better italian sub at getgo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chagrin falls shack is my favorite of the dave 's locations . the staff is hilarious and incredibly friendly , and the little place itself will have you discovering something new on the walls each time you go . the only downside is that often times the sauce is pretty overpowering , which tends to mask the flavor of the other ingredients . pro tip : go for light sauce to make sure you get all the flavor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the subs are fantastic . i get the original sub and always make sure to grab a bottle of dave 's cosmic sauce since it tastes good on just about anything . we purposely took a detour to stop here for lunch on our way home to michigan and the whole time we were hoping that dave was n't going to be there . we encountered him before when we had family in chagrin years ago . luckily this time around his happy , cheerful , and welcoming employees were running the shop instead . stay away dave , it 's better for business . send your cute associate up to ann arbor to open up his own shop . go green : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "anytime i 'm in ohio i stop by for a crazy dave , its spicy and delicious , though i must say , i miss the old peppers on the sandwich", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a staple of chagrin falls , and where every high school kid in the area goes . the subs are excellent- dave 's special sauce makes them so . maybe a little too much cheese , but who cares , take it off . they are good . i make a point to stop by every time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love ! best sandwich ever . i love the baguette-esque bread , the sauce they smother their sandwiches in , and the variety of options . i always go back to the sloppy dave , but other sandwiches i 've tried are also tasty . the prices are even decent . i have yet to find a different sandwich shop to steal my heart away . p.s . the jalapeno chips are delicious , splurge the extra $ 1 and grab a bag . do n't spend the extra money on the cookies brownies though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is different for sure ... cosmic dave ... i get it now : ) sandwiches have two choices for bread ... white or wheat ... .it is sooo yummy too . love the special `` dave sauce '' still trying to figure out just what it was . he has it bottled so you can take it home and add it to your sandwiches too : ) turkey dave & dave 's club were both very yummy sandwich choices for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoy the vibe and the food . they even bottle their own sodas in a variety of flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are super overrated ... also if you like to see what a person looks like on lsd and being hit on by all their staff visit here ... overpriced too", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are ever in the chagrin falls area , this place is a must to go visit . i 've always been a big fan of their subs . i always get dave 's best meatball ever or the pizza sub . it 's definitely something you wo n't experience anywhere else . staff is super cool . always go there when i visit home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice sunrise . we went there for the waterfall and found dave 's . considering that i had no idea it was here it was great . had the sloppy . and it was as advertised . would defiantly go back if we were in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good subs . large sub sandwiches with fresh deli meat and heaping of toppings . beware large is acutally 2 normal sized subs . bread is nice and crusty . convenient consistent if not healthy fast meal option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dave 's is amazing ! i am a vegetarian and i always get the veg out . it 's is so satisfying . my husband is a meat eater and always changes it up . he especially loves the meatball sub . in general , we love daves-it never disappoints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in chicago and visit cleveland two or three times a year . i used to get a dave 's sub at least once a week when i lived in cleveland . i always get the same thing : dave 's far out chicken , the # 4 . the best sandwich made by anyone ever . my mouth is watering thinking about it . i want a dave 's in chicago !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent sub shop with reasonable prices . i had the dave 's far out chicken and it was one of the best subs i 've ever had , and i 'm fat so i 've had a lot of subs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was excited to try a sub from this local , independent joint . the sub was mediocre at best . the sauce , which should be a distinguishing factor in a sub world where all of the ingredients are essentially the same , was bland and tasteless . however the sub roll ( bread ) was excellent and the rock n roll pictures on the walls were great ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious subs ! hot , crispy bread that resembles more of a true baguette than something from a grocery store . i had my first sub from dave 's in 2002 , and i can honestly say that the quality is consistent . anything you get is good . the only thing that could be improved- the kid working the register was clueless .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always fresh , delicious and filling . grums in cleveland heights had always been my favorite but dave 's has them tied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great stuff . crispy hoagie roll baguette bread , quality ingredients . this is the anti-subway . i enjoyed my `` peace steak '' , a daily special . an overly large chunk of raw green pepper was the only thing keeping this from perfection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow great subs and the price is ok , the secrete is there saves sauce they use instead of mayonnaise . the coleslaw well let me just tell you this do n't order it figure money whatever made the coleslaw find another job . no taste no flavor just raw", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an 8 inch meatball sub . 3 large meatballs toasted with sauce and cheese . it was sloppy but good . my boyfriend had a dave 's original 16 inch sub which had pepperoni , salami , and prosciutto along with veggies and dave 's sauce . he enjoyed his sub . with a medium soda the bill came to 19.50 $ . there are only 3 tables for eating in and no public bathrooms to wash your hands .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they were charging more than the menu price because `` the new sign was n't in yet '' . who reprograms the computer with different prices than what was clearly on the wall . thefranchise owner seemed irritated when this brought to his attention .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "from out of town and only been once . the service was great and the atmosphere is cool , if you like psychedelic rock theme . the ingredients were fresh and bread was ok . the issue i had was the shredded cheese on the sandwiches , very odd . i guess being from new england i 'm not use to that ! locals love this place and i 'm going to try it again . the spot in chagrin falls is small and you probably wo n't get a seat . however , they have shops all over so i 'm sure the other spots a bigger if your with a group . i recommend trying dave 's !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved this place . i had a roast beef sub with yummy horseradish sauce . my wife really enjoyed hers as well ( the # 2 , i cant remember what it was called ) . plus the dude behind the counter was super nice and personable . and i got to tell my la-raised 7 year old about the james gang ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon dave 's when i made a trip to chagrin falls to visit another eatery . i ended up getting the dave 's cordon bleu and some root beer . the bread was the best part of this sandwich . it was crusty , but not too hard ... i do n't know if i can adequately describe the bread , but i really loved it . the sandwich itself was good , but there was a bit too much sauce on it . but i would go back and try another sub .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are great , and the atmosphere is unique ( in a good way . ) but i asked for my sandwich without horseradish sauce and dave turned into a total jerk , like he took it personally , anyway the food is great , but if dave is there do n't say the wrong thing ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i were visiting family in chargin falls and much to our surprise we stumbled upon a tie-dye painted store front in this tiny `` americana '' town . being that we live near sf , we were drawn to it like a moth to the light . dave was pleasant ( i 'm not sure why others have called him a jerk ... ) and we chatted about the bay area . i ordered the san fran sub and it was amazing . my hubby ordered the rueben and said it was one of the best he 's had . it was interesting to find a little piece of berkeley in the middle of cleveland , but was a welcomed find ! we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave 's cosmic subs is an iconic restaurant in downtown chagrin falls and they serve the best sub sandwiches in the cleveland area as far as i 'm concerned . the bread is fresh baked , the ingredients are tasty and of high quality , and the pickles are to die for ( just do n't ask for extras or where dave 's buys them , it 's a 'secret ' ) . my only complaints would be that they do not accept credit cards and that the line can be a bit long . oh , and dave himself is n't exactly the most pleasant bloke in the world , but he 's never thrown me out or given me trouble . just feign interest in his hair-metal band and or be an attractive female and you 'll do just fine with dave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great sub spot for ohio and is different from all the rest . their original daves and meatball are my favorite but so many other great options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmm love the garden burger sub . great options for vegetarians and meat eaters . great place for fast casual eating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst of all dave 's locations ... very slow and your order wo n't be correct . such a shame ... we love dave 's but we can not figure out why this location can not get its act together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 're baaack ! stopped in for a quick to-go between activities and after church today . co-owner , camerin , was behind the counter being her typical helpful , friendly and gracious self and eddie was fielding orders in the kitchen . my wife had her standard dave 's tasty bacon ( ca n't get her to branch out but she knows a winner when she tastes one ) and i went with # 17 dave 's best meatball sub ever . both were great and the sauces really make these subs stand out along with in-house baked breads . outstanding and without peer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich war jetzt zum zweiten mal mit dem fahrrad im biergarten des j\u00e4gerhaus . hungrig und durstig , nach einigen km auf dem rad . leider waren zum zweiten mal die maultaschen kalt . schade , aber das hat die gastst\u00e4tte nicht im griff . die getr\u00e4nke waren soweit ok. etwas mehr qualit\u00e4tskontrolle tut not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nach einer wundersch\u00f6nen und spannenden werksabholung im l\u00e4ndle bot sich danach das herrliche sommerwetter an , einen sch\u00f6n gelegenen und mit einer tollen aussicht gesegneten biergarten aufzusuchen . sehr gut besucht . sehr viel zu tun . entsprechend lange das warten auf einen dienstbaren geist . das lokal ist bekannt f\u00fcr seine schw\u00e4bischen spezialit\u00e4ten und so w\u00e4hlten wir semmelkn\u00f6del mit pfifferlingen und spargel mit kr\u00e4uterfl\u00e4dle . die gerichte schmeckten ordentlich , lediglich der beilagensalat hatte kein dressing gesehen . beide speisen kamen zur unterschiedlicher zeit , meine begleitung war mit dem essen bereits fertig , als ich immer noch wartete . die aussicht auf die alte reichsstadt esslingen entsch\u00e4digte aber daf\u00fcr .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das ist sehr gute ausflugsgaststaette ueber esslingen . wenn man draussen sitzen kann , hat man eine tolle aussicht ueber esslingen unter schattenspendenden baeumen . es laedt auch zu einer kleinen auszeit zw . dem radfahren ein . die speisen sind , typisch fuer dieses lokal , gut buergerlich , regional und ausreichend . ich werde hier wieder essen gehen , wenn ich appetit auf regionale kueche habe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein ausflug am sonntag abend . wollten die letzten sonnenstrahlen im sch\u00f6nen biergarten geniessen . ausblick und wetter waren auch klasse , leider das essen nicht . beim salat kam spontanes strandfeeling auf leises knirschen zwischen den z\u00e4hnen beim kauen deutet auf nicht ordentlich gewaschenen salat hin . die pommes zum schnitzel waren weich und lapprig , kaum salz dran und vom geschmack her so dass man glauben k\u00f6nnte dass das fett in dem sie frittiert wurden schon etwas \u00e4lter war . leider waren auch die panierten schnitzel nicht so knusprig wie erhofft und \u00e4u\u00dferst sparsam gew\u00fcrzt . positiv war die gr\u00f6sse der portionen , die bei besserer zubereitung der speisen f\u00fcr einen erneuten besuch gesprochen h\u00e4tten . sehr schade !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typisches ausflugslokal : weitl\u00e4ufige parkpl\u00e4tze , sch\u00f6ne aussicht , sehr mittelm\u00e4ssige k\u00fcche-", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sch\u00f6ner aussenbereich , den service fand ich sehr nett und entgegen kommend . allerdings stellte sich der auf der karte angepriesene baby-b\u00fcffelmozzarella als stinknormaler galbani-kuhmilch-mozzarella heraus . das habe ich reklamiert und man teilte mir mit , es habe einen fehler beim einkauf gegeben . bedenklich finde ich es dennoch . denn was , wenn ein kuhmilch-allergiker guten gewissens den mozzarella aus b\u00fcffelmlich f\u00fcr knapp 10 euro bestellt und dann ein ganz anderes produkt erh\u00e4lt ? nicht gut !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a couple weeks ago , i came to matsuda for dinner . i wo n't be back . i do n't think i can visit another ayce with worse service . they always serve you only half of what you order , pretend to not see you when you 're trying to get their attention and the place is just not clean ! 2 hours of waiting before any food arrives . yes , the food quality is slightly better than other ayce sushi restaurants . but i live in north york and happy to have sushi legend near me when i want my ayce sushi fix . there 's always something dirty in the utensils they serve in . my submitted photo already made the lipstick stain less obvious ... no thank you !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst restaurant i 've been to . the quality of the fish was terrible and the service was terrible . the fish did not taste fresh , and they kept dragging out our orders . we had to wait 30 minutes for one sashimi or sushi order . also , the servers kept giving us wrong orders ! it was so frustrating because they would bring food items that we did n't order ( like ice cream even though we just started eating ) and insisted that it was our order . lastly , when i got home that night , i had a major stomach ache and had diarrhea twice ! ! ! ! ! i will never be returning to this restaurant . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would definitely give the food here 4 stars but i knocked off a star for this review because i came here last sunday night with a reservation for 7:30pm and i was finally seated at 8:25pm.. while i 'm glad the waitress was apologetic and offered pop on the house , it was still a mistake that made my friends and i have to crowd at the front doors for an hour , and that 's not excusable . for only a few dollars more , i would recommend coming here on a weekend because they offer really delicious scallop , sweet shrimp , and baby cuttlefish ! yum ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "matsuda is exactly as you 'd expect an all you can eat sushi restaurant . not great , not bad , but acceptable . this is the place to be if you want all you can eat . food is decent . serve is fast . wait times are long . do n't come with more than a party of 4 . will return , if i 'm itching for all you can eat sushi . no real complaints .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the better ayce sushi buffets in the area . it 's quite expensive , but so good ! i love their golden shrimps and maki rolls . the dessert is yummy too . i would say this is basically the same as ten-ichi ( perhaps owned by the same person lol ! ? ) . their menu items are extensive , and i have yet to be disappointed ! they do get extremely busy during weekends though , so reservations are key in getting a table ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "matsuda is my go-to sushi joint whenever the sushi bug bites me ! this place has the best spicy salmon sushi and i am also a huge fan of their salmon roses . the servers never disappoint , they are very fast and knowledgeable in terms of what you are ordering .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok so i 've been here with my family and friends on numerous occasions . overall the food is great here , especially the sashimi . i 've been to many other ayce japanese restaurants and by far their sashimi ca n't be beat . dessert menu was great a well . so i give them a 4 star for the food . what changed the atmosphere was the server , he kept forgetting what we had asked for but in the end we still got what we wanted . maybe they had less staff tonight , maybe he 's a fairly new at his job , maybe there was a mix up with the orders ... . regardless of any of my maybes ... expect and know that you 'll be there for at least a few hours , bring your patience , bring good company and just enjoy it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here for my mom 's bday : d this is my 3rd time eating at this restaurant and it was awesome ! ! ! ! it was not busy when i went there which is a good time to get orders ! i recommend their sushi , sashimi , appetizer , grills and dessert . tempura was great too ! ! ! however , i did not like their `` mini '' pizza and so as the fried chicken wing : ( the service overall was great ! ! ! i had my own little post-it note to keep track of the orders , maybe that is why they did not miss my orders : p", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with a group of 5 ... ordered 20 of each fish.. gave us like 5 .. lol . takes years to get the waitress ' attention and when u finally do , they go like `` hold on '' and completely forget about you . the fish isnt fresh ( its frozen which shouldnt be if its a real japanese restaurant ) . nothing special.. dessert was literally cups of whipped cream with oreo crumbs or other toppings.. even the salmon rose was skimpy compared to the one at ten ichi.. and it tasted better there as well . bad service overall . food was meh . and price is $ 26.99 on weekends . edit : ive eaten at many other ayce restaurants and authentic jap restaurants dt where they actually speak japanese and not chinese.. and if we were to compare , matsuda is lacking in quality by folds ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here on the day after new years for lunch and i am very reasonable , i know the place was fully packed when we got seated . but as a restaurant you need to be prepared with the correct amount of staff to service x amount of people on a holiday stat day . we sat there for 2 hours me and 2 others and we only shared 20 pieces of sushi and drank lots of complimentary green tea . we asked for water and the waitress got mad and asked us to drink the green tea . at that point we asked for our bill and paid it and still tipped her like 3 or 4 dollars . i will never return to this restaurant or recommend it to others . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here all the time with my girlfriend . the sushi is consistently good and there 's a wide variety . i also like the decor - it 's very spacious and it 's cleaner than the ave average sushi ayce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard from friends that this place is pretty good . food was decent . proportions of rice to topping was fine . however . as a chinese person living with a chinese family , we always wipe down our dishes and utensils even when they 're already on the table . the white napkin was brown after i wiped the inside of the cup and soy sauce dish . nuff said . bye .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "`` it 's a nice ayce sushi experience but expect to pay top dollar if you can find parking '' there is such a vast ayce menu here that you might want to come on an empty stomach , and that includes saving some room for dessert . the problem is that items will take a while to arrive given how big and busy they almost always are . the quality of sashimi , rolls and other dishes are quite good , but the processing and cooking time varies widely so you really should make a slightly bigger order so it arrives to your plate staggered . they have all of the typical items as well as a large choice of their own custom special items to try . lots of meaty dishes , rice and noodle dishes as well . they have a good appetizer sectionm the dessert selection is huge including fresh puddings as well as your traditional ice cream . atmosphere has hard top stone tables and lots of ample seating . ca n't go wrong going here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "both the quality of the food and the service are poor . - took about an hour to be seated for a table of 2 . they sat parties with multiple people instead . ( asian business mentality : larger table = more $ $ , small table = less $ $ ) -wait time to get food on average was about 15 minutes . they are extremely slow - waiter forgot my order about 4-5 times . -waiter got my order wrong several times -waiter charged me the weekend price instead of the weekday price . -oh yeah , they 'll automatically charge you service gratuity of 10 % . i was n't going to tip them but it 's mandatory . beware , careful , those asian restaurants are all about the money and not about service or quality . they are sneaky", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sushi is mediocre and the service is poor , even by ayce standards . flagging down a staff member to order is impossible u less you wave your hands like an imbecile . at least 7 ppl walked by obliviously . the do n't get paid enough to care . if the food was above average i would give it 3 stars but unfortunately it is not . i can go to better ayce places with better quality food and the same shitty service . warning : they cut order qty in half as portion control . your order 6 they give you 3 . you order 4 and you get 2 . another thing is that the teapot lids are loose as hell and have some sort of crappie cable that does n't even hold it on . therefore if you pour the tea you run the risk of the lid falling off and getting hot tea all over yourself :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i think this must be the worst ayce place i 've been to . the food comes out cold and very underwhelming . ordered a kimchi seafood hotpot and it was so sweet i could barely eat it . the nori that comes with sushi dishes were very soggy , especially the ones wrapped around temaki , making it tough to chew . service was mediocre and dishes came out really slow , even on a monday night . i probably wo n't be coming back anytime soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so nearly nothing stuck out about our meal here . i came with my family to celebrate some birthdays , but few things actually stuck out . what this spot seemed to do well in was their cooked foods . the skewers were actually pretty great , but the sushi was a bit disappointing . the only sushi thing i really liked was the beef sashimi . we likely wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "probably the best quality ayce sushi resto in scarborough ( which , to be fair , is n't saying much as the quality of ayce sushi has declined immensely here ) . the sushi here is consistently fresh . unfortunately , so is the slow ( and sometimes forgetful ) service . the restaurant is fairly busy , especially on weekends and holidays ( by which i mean any celebratory holiday : mother 's day , father 's day , etc . ) not to mention it 's in the same plaza as a t & t grocery store , which can make parking a bit of a chore . but the quality you 'll get here is better than other ayce sushi restaurants you 'll find in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i dont usually go on yelp to write a review , but this place had my balls fired up . the food was great but the service was ridiculous . we were given only 3 menus when there were 5 of us . we paid $ 30 plus bucks for dinner when the jumbo shrimp never came ! ! honestly it was already dessert no signs of shrimp . like wtf . we told 5 waiters and none could give us a straight answer . the order system also sucks ! like why not have us write our orders down instead of the servers do it . youre giving extra work to them by going around the table . again the food was great . id recommend it to a hungry diner but dont ever order their slimy bubblegum flavored green tea ice cream . gross .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bomb ass food , horrible service though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "finally got my ayce sushi craving , this location is so much better than their sister location . service was fantastic , our server was very quick about things , attentive and when we asked about our food she always came back with it . ordered the fruit punch and it was really good ! she even surprised us with a 10 % discount !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place used to be very good with putting our orders in , but now i can ask for the sashimi 3 times before it comes , i think they cheapout and dont give away the expensive stuff", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here years ago with a bunch of my friends ( not in the vip room ) and back than service was great . food was on point . however i recently came back here for a birthday party during lunch hours and the host reserved the vip room . i found that at most times we had to wave down a waiter waitress to get any type of service . at times when we requested simple things like water and or forks it had to be asked more than once or we received it more close to the end of our lunch . food was great but made me annoyed since the waiting time was not worth it especially during lunch hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is amongst the pinnacle if not the finest on my listing of to japanese ayce style dining . pro : versatile menu with lots of items to choose from ( top quality dishes in every category ) sashimi is very fresh ( always ice cold when served ) very comforting japanese style dining atmosphere ( air , seating , lightings , restrooms ) cons : price , the premium comes with top quality food and service , definitely earned its right to charge the premium over other j-ayce wait time , whether it is for a seat or for your food it does take a while , overall its definitely worth the wait i have eaten at enough places to confidently say that matsuda is worth the trip and highly recommend ! 5 stars : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tend to come here for ayce sushi . it 's always fresh and delicious ! on fri sat sun , they have fresh scallops and steamed egg ! we generally come here because of these 2 items and their fish head soup , which is a bowl of delicious , fragrant broth . i salivate just thinking about it . of course , they offer the typical japanese ayce fare , such as a wide variety of sashimi ( dinner ) , nigiri , maki , hand rolls , grilled items , desserts , etc . their beef tataki is worth noting to be above average . some places are still icy from being frozen . parking is free in the plaza and it 's a huge lot , though it can get really busy due to the opening of a new supermarket where the old t & t used to be before it closed down . before you ask ... yes , this matsuda is better than their other location on don mills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "weekday pricing is $ 23.99 . average selection of sashimi , hot foods . many dessert options . not bad pricing for the quality and amount of food you get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the sushi here is prolly the best in scarbro markham area . the size of the rolls are generally pretty good . it taste fresh and healthy ! they have lots of sushi options . the restaurant is quite new..its large . probably one of the largest sushi places i have seen lol its nicely decorated and they have booths , group seatings , double and singles . take out is kindof slow tho , so instead of trying to get the sushi to go ... might aswell stay there and eat . the dining service is quicker lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my ultimate favourite place for all you can eat , besides ten ichi , which i later found out it is the same owner but with different names . the food is fresh and so delicious . they plenty of cooked varieties which is perfect for those who ca n't have raw food ( i.e . pregnant women ) . i would not go anywhere else for ayce places . service is superb , i have a 10 % discount card if i pay cash . i think they noticed that we became regulars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here on two occasions . once with two others after a quick doctors appointment ( which is right next door ) and once with the whole family ( 15+ reservation ) . i feel as if this place has the same owners as ten-ichi ( sheppard & mccowan ) as they have the same delicious mango yogurt that everyone ca n't seem to get enough of . they even the same waiters . ( yes i 've eaten at ten-itchi that many times to know the waiters ' faces ) . anyways , it 's got an average lunch menu ( i have yet to go for dinner , but i have avoided ayce dinners because they 're too pricey nowadays ) . i just cant justify paying $ 25 before tax and tip for something i can order for $ 10 less during lunch time . i gave 3 stars , but 1 extra for the `` golden fried shrimp '' - literally like tempura but tiger shrimps with spicy mayo . must try if you love tempura .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is great at this place . its all you can eat sushi so you ca n't really go wrong here . i have been here a couple of times and i have no complaints about the food . the layout is nice but i noticed that they were storing some drinks under the customers chairs . i also do n't agree with the weekend prices . we paid close to $ 70 on a saturday night for 2 people at an all you can eat resturant . during the week its not even close to being that expensive . the wait staff there was ok but they kept bringing us ginger pudding and we never asked for it . we would always send it back and then 10 minutes later another one would show up i would recommend eatting here just stay away from it on the weekend the prices are way too high", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the all you can eat options . despite being a bit pricey , the food is fresh and it taste good . we tend to go as a group and order a lot at once because getting a hold of the waiter after is really hard due to it being so busy . the dessert options are also pretty good despite it being in small portion . the fact that its all you can eat and you dont feel rushed out , when we keep ordering is amazing . its a great place to grab food as a group or as a couple .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our go to for ayce in toronto . good service , good selection and their sirloin beef , matsuda golden shrimp , beef tataki , eel fried rice and chawanmushi are our favourites . do make a reservation though . it does get crowded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here with my friends on a friday we arrived there at about 12:30 p.m and left the place at about 3:30 p.m . it was our first time trying this sushi restaurant and we were excited and even wanted to bring our other friends next time . we 've been waiting for a lot of dishes we ordered and we got nothing we missed about 10 dishes and left an all you can eat buffet still hungry . our experience was n't great , the food was really good but the service was terrible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food : not too shabby , better than most sushi places but not the best . would recommend the mango roll and sunshine roll service : god awful , asked for wasabi and pickled ginger many times and it came on the third time . we had spilt some tea on the table and we had to ask three waiters to get extra napkins . some sushi dishes took forever to come and some came quickly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a lot of variety . pretty good for ayce japanese . however the salmon was definitely below average . it did not taste fresh at all . the white tuna was really good though . service was friendly and fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to both the one locked in york mills and don mills and this one . i totally prefer the service and atmosphere of the other location but i 'll have to admit that this one has a better quality in taste . unfortunately most of the servers that bring out the food can not speak english thus making it quite difficult and frustrating to ask for specific things such as a spoon , or napkin . my server came rarely to check up on us even after we have finished the first round of order . and i also find it frustrating how i had to repeat one of the item , that i 've ordered , three times to finally have it served . interior decor wise , i 'd much rather go to the other location where there are more space and less crowded and decently quiet with a relaxing ambience . this location was definitely more crowded with a high noise level .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is n't too bad . it 's japanese food all you can eat . just be careful you do n't order too much . you ca n't finish it all if you do . the sashimi could be fresher . desert was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at matsuda right now , will never recommend this place to anyone . we only get 1 3 of what we ordered and we did not order lot at all . the food though not bad but compared with the price we paid and the waiting time , i guess we can find many other better restaurants than this place with the same price . very poor service , the ordered items never arrived . i personal feel it is a rip off restaurant as they use the waiting time to be an excuse to the customers for not getting food and we finally have to leave as our patience reached the limit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "growing up i 've gotten very much used to `` slow '' service from chinese ran businesses as its almost a high standard to be `` slow '' .. basing my review solely on ayce standard sushi . i 've been to this place probably over a dozen times as the food is n't half bad . i do n't really order rolls when i do ayce as its a waste of space . the fish is decent quality and the cooked food is good too . not getting into much detail as everyone should know the quality of food when you go to ayce , i do n't come here hoping for sushi kaji or jabistro quality food . +1 for getting 90 % of my order correctly most of the time +1 for a excellent dessert selection but -1 for untimely food arrivals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food and good service but is busy every time i 've been here so make sure you make a reservation ( even on the weekdays ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here few times and was never disappointed . this place is very nicely set up for an all you can eat sushi eatery . the portions per order is smaller so it 's good for trying out more items on the menu without getting stuffed on the same thing . however , due to the long line up , this would be a poor choice for a spontaneous outing and last minute craving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the mango yogurt and beef skewers were gooder.. the rest was typical ayce quality . i would come back : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place . came with family today for lunar new year lunch . surprisingly it was n't that full until it hit 1:30pm which i think is the peak time for lunch . we ordered a lot of food like my portion was insane ! lol . the price is pretty good for a ayce place , cheaper compared to ten-ichi but service is a bit lacking . what i ordered : miso soup chicken and beef skewers mango roll ( photo got messed up on phone ) rainbow roll ( photo got messed up on phone also ) spicy salmon roll surf clam sushi dynamite roll for dessert : mango yogurt tiramisu i also been to this place before it underwent new management but i noticed that they barely changed the seating and scenery minus the fact that they added more authentic japanese memorabilia like the oni masks above the washroom and private vip rooms . this time i actually feel more vibrancy and there 's more energy which is a good thing . next time when i go back , i think i 'll bring a more stronger camera then just my phone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i normally do n't prefer going to ayce , but when friends family want to go to an ayce japanese place , then matsuda would be a top choice . food : the food is generally okay for an ayce restaurant , nothing really wows me . i do n't expect quality when i 'm at an ayce , however sometimes the rice they use is very dry . also , sometimes the cooked teriyaki items are bland and it lacks taste . service : this place always forgets orders . majority of the time that i am here , i have to constantly remind them that some of my items did n't arrive . this is not a huge problem if it happens once during a dinner . but it 's a problem when they continuously forget to bring my food !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "shitty service . waited 45 minutes for my food that never came . they only brought 2 dishes i ordered . i do n't have time for this shit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is tasty and fresh . they offer more options in terms of dishes then most of the surrounding ayce sushi restaurants in the markham scarborough area . however , the service is n't so great in terms of wait staff interacting with customers as professionalism does not exist in the asian restaurant industry .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was fast , food is pretty okay , but service is terrible . they forgot food , gave us less than the amount we ordered and we asked for a fork 4 times . we never got the fork . one of the servers told us to ask someone else . the other location is much better", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bad service.. food is n't that good , never coming back - do not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , fish is good quality , but bad service . they leave out a lot of things when you order and dont bring everything , when i asked them to check what was left for our table no one had any idea what was left or able to answer , when they went back to check no record of things that were not brought and asked us to order again , theres a charge for left over food ... how do i know if they have made it or not already ? when they asked me to order again the waiter gave me some attitude , also had dirty cups for drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "t it can be a bit pricey but the sushi is on point . there are n't any restaurants nearby that can compete . the staff are really friendly and the atmosphere is pretty nice too . the wait times can be long for peak hours due to its popularity though", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really bad service , and rude staff . the one at don mills is much better . dont waste your time here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's my first time here and honestly i did n't have high hopes for this place . there has been so many ayce sushi places out there that is really not worth your money . the moment i stepped in , its nice ! and packed with people ... . good thing we made rsvp ! there was no wait for us . we quickly ordered our food , there is quite a selection ! which really surprised me , they had their own version of sushi rolls and they actually had authentic cold soba with the egg . it was yum ! the food quality is really good , and the portions is about right . the food came pretty quick too . the only complain i have about this place is that they need more waiters taking our order . i had to flag them for a few minutes before they would come to our table i would definitely come back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've gone to matsuda maybe about 10 times in the last two years and i 've never been disappointed . it 's simply the best ayce sushi in scarborough . the food itself is great for all-you-can-eat . the rolls are great and the mango roll is probably my favourite food of all time . there 's a great variety of food for lunch and an even bigger one for dinner . the service is so-so , especially during dinner . food comes 10-20 minutes after ordering which is n't bad , but the staff messes up an order at least once every time i come here . i recommend coming right when lunch starts ; you will have amazing service . the atmosphere is nice , but as with all ayce establishments , it can get very loud and is often full . again , coming during early lunch dinner is what 's best . overall , matsuda offers great food at an amazing price . this is my favourite sushi spot in my area and i 'm sure it will be for a long time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but service is questionable . their business really cuts corners in a really unethical way . a lot of the time they 'run out ' of the same items that could be considered worth more , serve dessert with plastic spoons that they re-use , and in my most recent visit , one of the managers came over to our table rudely scolding me about charging me double for assuming that i would n't be finishing my plate - meanwhile , i 'm still half way through our meal , chopsticks in hand , sushi in chopsticks . they treat their customers with very little respect and as you decide on the amount of tip they deserve ( or not ) , you realize that they include a mandatory service fee . come here if you 're just looking for a decent ayce sushi place but be prepared to deal with the rude lack of service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have such a variety of options on their menu , you can find something for even the pickiest of eaters . really good food . great service ( although , it does n't happen often , orders can get mixed if very busy but it 's minor so does n't take away from the experience ) but yeah , would definitely go again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually go there at weekend for dinner . the restaurant is always full and have to wait for 30mins or more ( for walk in ) . probably better to have reservation . well trained and experienced servers . tips are added to your bill by the restaurant already . sashimi ( fresh ) , sushi ( good , try the chef 's recommendation ( black dragon roll , mango ross maki ) ) , dessert ( mango yogurt , mango pudding-good , not a fan of their mousse ) a bit disappointed about the grill and fried food , the food is always over-fried and nearly burnt , so tastes kind of bitter . my favorite top 3 are the chopped squid sushi , baby cuttle fish sashimi , and surf clam sashimi . usually around $ 30 per person for weekend ayce dinner , for lunch ayce is less than 20 but no sashimi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg they must have changed the owner or chef or something . it used to be our go to ayce sushi buffet and i recommended all the times to my friends . i came back here after few months , the taste is different , the service is bad . they have more choices than before but the taste is worst than i can remember . the sashimi are so thin ! ! ! definitely not coming back and lots of customers complained about the wait time for food . not recommended at all ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is very enjoyable , it is comparable to ten-ichi . pro : sashimi is fresh and delicious . there 's a good variety of selections to choose from . not as packed as ten-ichi con : service is a bit slow . we had to keep reordering sashimi because they kept forgetting our orders ... but they were fast on refilling our tea cups ! new family favorite for sushi buffet : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here a number of times now . first time was very impressed with everything from their unique rolls mango roll is a must try , to their entrees and desserts . subsequent visits have been hit and miss with different things , so the inconsistency is my only complaint , otherwise this place would have gotten a 5 star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy matsuda and it is conveniently located on steeles close to my home . we would likely go more often but the service can be downright pathetic . i feel scammed sometimes being charged a service fee to get ignored and end up with the wrong quantity of food ordered . the matsuda golden shrimp are to die for , and they do have good quality rolls . try and go when it 's not busy and you will likely have a positive experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very expensive and the food was n't good . i ordered teriyaki salmon dinner ( $ 24 ) and the sauce was as thick and sticky as molasses . all the dinner came with was rice and salad ( the dressing for the salad was completely mayo based ) .. the only okay component of the meal was the rice . would never go again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a very busy ayce sushi spot with an extensive menu . food and service were both great . however they do occasionally miss some items on big orders .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a frequent here , food is pretty decent good in terms of taste and selection . the price is like your typical ayce sushi joints but this place has a free membership card where you can pay cash and save about 10 % or 15 % off . it 's mostly busy and packed so reservations are required most of the time so you do n't get there and wait an hour for a small table . their desserts are better than other places but it 's nothing to rave home about . interior looks pretty modern , waiters and waitresses know english but no way they 're fluent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to have ayce sushi tonight , food was good , above expectation ! they are not cheap like other ayce places , most ingredients felt fresh to me , sashimi wise i prefer salmon and white tune . mango roses maki was yum , steak was cooked perfectly . service was great , they have waitresses who are solely responsible for taking dishes away and delivery . some are to solely take orders . system is good . environment is decent , clean . no complaints . will come back for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch ayce and my party of three were greeted with the worst service ever ! we ordered food and could not finish some and were charged $ 5.00 for not finishing all of our food ... the fish on the sushi was thinly sliced and it seemed like they made the sushi with more rice than usual . the green tea ice cream also tasted very strange ... the waitresses were all very rude and seemed like they wanted us to leave soon after we were seated . safe to say i will not be making a return and will be spreading the word to friends and family .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was good . the waitresses were nice enough , but really speedy unlike the delivery of food . me and three of my friends went on a friday lunch ayce and we stayed for three hours . because we were waiting for our dishes to come . we had to remind the waitresses several times for our orders . longest time we waited was 30 - 40 minutes without any food arriving . other dishes came one by one with intervals of 10 to 20 minutes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude ! the little girl working the register in the evenings is incredibly rude . the food is delicious but nothing 's worse than feeling uncomfortable at a restaurant per terrible customer service . is it also yogi 's standard policy to turn the lights off ( while guests are eating ) , kick paying ( and eating ) customers out , and lock the doors 10 minutes before the advertised closing time ? if so , they should probably reevaluate that policy ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i only been to this place three times , and the third time i been here i ordered a vegetable teriyaki bowl as i started to eat my meal i realized there was a bug on my broccoli ( ill post a pic too ) and got sick to my stomach . apparently they do n't wash or check their produce very well and just cook it . i got my money back but will never come back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as for the food , nothing special . the sauce was bland . the food in general was rather unmemoriable . they get an extra star for their awesome soda machine . the reason i give so few stars is because advertised inside was a flyer inviting you to a talk about why christianity is better than your religion . this flyer was the only flyer in the entire store . it was n't in some public posting board ... it was taped to the wall next to the cash register and next to the bathroom door . if i 'm giving you money the last thing i need is someone preaching at me . i ca n't stand proselytizing . i wo n't do it . i wont tolerate it from others in my faith . i will not tolerate it from a business that wants my money . i will not visit this establishment again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally a teriyaki bowl place that does it right . nothing against samuri sam 's , but yogis is a bit better in my opinion . yogis ' menu is strait forward and clearly lists the options available . the place is clean and the staff is fast and friendly . the food is also very reasonably priced . i was very impressed with their different bowl plate salad options . you are able to order some teriyaki veggies , chicken and or beef pretty much however you want it . extra meat , over lettuce , over veggies , brown rice , white rice , etc . anyway , when i visit a place like this my desires are simple . i want a decent portion of not-overly-sauced white meat chicken over a bunch of veggies . that 's it . yogis delivers this and then some .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for such a small place , they do have a decent sized sushi list . prices are about what you 'd expect for sushi so it 's a step above kyoto bowl without going overboard . if you 're not getting sushi , about all you can expect otherwise would be some kinda teriyaki bowl , unless you plan on getting full on miso soup and edamame . the sushi was absolutely fresh . potstickers were perfect . kudos on having raspberry tea as well as regular . get here @ 11am if you want in . we did and i noticed that there is a huge business casual line by 11:30 on a weekday . they have a nice big screen tv with cnn news playing at a decent volume . right on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i reserve that 5th star for an establishment that rocks my world . however , a 4 star review on a concept like yogis is a big compliment . i may or may not be addicted to the # 23 beef and chicken combo with spicy sauce . it 's super good , very filling and does n't leave me with the regrettable feeling of most asian food places i frequent . you know the one ... it was so good but you 're going to spend the afternoon regretting it ! i feel great after a meal here , which means good fresh ingredients and no msg . staff is always friendly , place is always spotless , good is consistent . it 's as good as you 'll get without going authentic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food preparation and flavor . i live closer to the rio salado location but the food is sooo terrible there that i make the trek out to river view . food is made quickly and the service is good . minuses one star bc of the distance from where i live .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after seeing the not so stellar reviews after we dined here , we flew back and tried yogis grill again . we went before a cubs spring training game and the place had a few folk dining there . we ordered the chicken teriyaki ( with brown rice and veggies ) the avocado roll . the chicken teriyaki was cut very thin and delicious . the brown rice complimented the chicken and in all honesty , the steamed veggies were better than most restaurants we had frequented ! the avocado rolls were their version of california rolls with slices of avocado on top of the rolls . they were n't bad at all . my wife and i could n't figure out the bad ratings , but after trying the place out twice , we 're fans of the establishment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a ghetto handwritten sign on the door saying they closed at 8pm on sunday . sign taped to register `` to go only '' it was 7:30pm and all the chairs were on top of the tables and all sauces put away . awful customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the cashiers and workers here are awful . i live close to this location but drive to the one on grove by fiesta mall because their service is far superior . this location has messed up my order multiple times and the cashiers seem like they genuinely could not care less .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service is terrible . they do n't let you take sauce if you carry out or take out . the two terrible counter servers are rude and are not helpful . they do n't ask you anything , so make sure you know to ask for everything including silverware ! the food is always subpar . if its not available , just scratch it out . cheap on filling their soda machine tasted like soda water .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've slowly started to come back around to this place on occasion.. seems like they have better quality control lately . the staff is always friendly and the food usually comes pretty quickly . i will continue to visit this place on the regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you are not allowed to use the wireless . thats pretty sad . but they do have diet coke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was alright , my beef teriyaki was somewhat warm , as was my girlfriends chicken teriyaki . ordered a roll of sushi , was room temperature but tasted good . thankfully it did n't have any raw fish or i would have sent it back . i was put off by the whole `` our signature sauce is in a gallon pump and you ca n't have any lids for the containers '' thing . in short , employee was apathetic about customer service , food was not at proper temperature and definitely overpriced . will not come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not impressed . bland and basic overpriced rice and meat slathered in teriyaki sauce . i do n't understand why people flock here a lunchtime .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great for a quick lunch . they have several different options that are sure to please everyone . the chicken teriyaki bowl is my usual there and if you like your food with a little spice be sure to try it with the spicy teriyaki sauce . john will usually get the beef and chicken bowl and then order one of their sushi rolls as well . yogis grill also offers you the option to have brown rice too if you are trying to take a healthier approach . overall i enjoy this place when i am looking for a good quick lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wo n't be back . i finally decided to give this place a shot and there is n't one thing about i enjoyed . i got the chicken and beef teriyaki bowl and i was not a fan of the sauce , most of the meat was tough fatty pieces and hard to chew . the rice was typical for a teriyaki bowl place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is my staple spot for when i dont have food in the house . it is a little pricey but always hits the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is delicious but there is always hair on my sushi rolls . this happened twice . the to-go orders take long . you 'll still be sitting 20 minutes when you get there to pick it up . the girl at the counter is very rude . i 've told several of my friends and family to never visit this location . it took this experience happening to me twice to learn this is not the place to go anymore . horrible experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is consistently good . always clean . sushi is great considering it 's a `` fast food '' place . better than most places , but not my favorite sushi out there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so trash the sushi tastes like chemicals and like it was store bought . and the teriyaki chicken tastes like metal and the cashier was sluggish and basically threw the food onto our table . nasty place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious food ! the portions are great and the price is right . definitely give this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food at a great speed and price . if want quick japanese fix , this is it . nice `` fast food '' japanese food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad spot for chicken & rice . able to eat healthy brown rice all white meat & veggies . always a go to , when feeling fast food but want to stay healthy . they do n't let you use their wifi but have 3 of them ? ? ? sushi not bad here either , egg rolls also on point . they have dasani flavored water", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good food as long as you get white meat . i just get a basic teriyaki bowl spicy with white meat and it 's one of my favorite places . i go at least twice a week . the steamed vegetables are pretty bland but if you are like me you put teriyaki sauce on everything anyway so it is not so bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best teriyaki chicken in fast casual setting . service is always fast and friendly . a once a week spot for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very laid back , but the food comes out quick and great for the price . i am here weekly cuz the lunch special is perfect portion to price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap , average pizza - should really only be eaten after having had 3+ beers ... or just 1 if you 're asian .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so i 'm giving this place 3 stars because i 've had conflicting experiences . on more than 1 occasion i 've gotten a 'slice ' from edison 's and it has been decent . i definitely do n't crave their slices , but in a pinch , they 'll do . i 'm an admitted 'pizza snob ' from chicago , so i take my pizza seriously ! that being said , one night they were out of slices and we were forced to order a full pizza . i say 'forced ' because my stomach put me in a headlock until i ordered one . much to my surprise , edison 's full pizza is way better than their individual slices . it was more expensive , obviously , but if there are more than 2 of you in your group and you all want pizza , i 'd suggest getting a whole one made to order . i 've also ordered a salad from there once and it was completely covered in shredded cheese and onions . not really my taste , but if you love your salad drenched in cheese , then giddy-up ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whether you 're catchin ' lunch real quick , a casual date , or wasted on friday night , edison 's pizza is hands down the best in cleveland ! not to mention , the edison 's atmosphere is one of the best i have encountered up to this point in my life . kitchen staff is very down to earth , hospitable and on point . the same goes for the bar staff , all around great people and a good place to be and relax ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place really hits the spot . i have only had the slices and they were pretty good . lots of pepperoni . lots of sauce which i like . crust was crispy and not super thick . good amount of cheese . a little greasy , did the napkin thing . added lots of hot pepper flakes . this is probably some of the best pizza by the slice in cleveland . now i even had it one time when i was not impaired by mojitos , and it was still good . only 2.50 a slice . one slice was enough for me , but back in my fat days 2 slices would have sufficed . oh yeah , there is a bar attached to the place , in case you need a beer.the best by -the- slice used to be captain tony 's on coventry . i had some really good stuff in montreal and toronto but i do n't remember the names . i 'll stop rambling !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently delicious pizza ! with the bbq chicken i do recommend getting double meat . the last time i was there i got the ricotta . i was hesitant to try it but it turned out to be delicious ! and who does n't love their crust ... and with the honey ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is ... .a yes . its a no brainer , just good . i like the pizza as well as stromboli . great for a late night food run after a night out . quick effective service . even when they 're busy i 've never had a problem . do n't ever change !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't go as far to call it the best in cleveland , but it 's fantastic . definitely give it a try ! sample the white pizza - delish . great for late night - they will give you a hefty slice for $ 2.50", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best pizza i 've ever had ! here 's why : -generous cheese and toppings -crunchy bottom crust with a bit of chewy as well -the crust is dusted with fine parmesan , parsley and garlic -i swear i taste a hint of honey , delicious -friendly staff -quick service especially considering how small it is -great prices -open late !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edison 's is one of cleveland 's must try pizza places . their generosity with toppings and unique lightly buttered and parmesan dusted crust are fantastic . you will be given a side of honey for you pizza which i recommend trying even if your first reaction is to pass on the experience . you have several options as there is a bar area , regular restaurant seating , a patio and even an outside walk up to buy pizza by the slice . ( cheese and pepperoni only usually ) like any place in tremont you can expect a wide variety of beers on tap or in the bottle . this is one of the places i bring most non-clevelanders too at least once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes on a saturday evening after a few drinks you just want a nice big , greasy , cheesy slice of pizza . at edison 's you can find just that , and if you 're lucky , you 'll find an empty bench close by to sit on and enjoy that hot fresh slice of goodness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this pizza is the equivalent of taco bell food . it 's only good at 2am when you are really drunk . sober you realize it 's not made under the most sanitary conditions . the workers all wear sleeveless shirts and do not have ac so you can see the sweat dripping off them . they also do n't wear gloves or hair nets and they do not wash there hands between touching money and making your pizza . frankly i 'm surprised the health department has never been involved .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this pizza is great . my usually order is plain or pep , but the last time i switched it up and went with pep and bananna peppers . this was a great order . the pizza was packed from edge to center with pep like usual , and the bananna peppers were cooked , but still had their crunch . the combination of the acidity from the peppers and the sweetness of the accompanying honey sauce was fantastic . tried the wings this time as well . went with the edison 's buffaque ( sp ? ) . they were ok . the wing was cooked well , moist inside and crispy on the outside . the sauce was missing something . it had a vinegar base to it , but lacked a kick on the back end . in general , this pizza is a must try if you 're in the tremont neighborhood ( and the tremont neighborhood is a must visit if you 're in cleveland ) . i 'd even say its worth a drive there only for the 'za and a few brewski 's at the pub next door .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a slice of edison 's pizza on my way to flying monkey to watch the cav 's game and then i got another slice on my way to the car after the game was over . very good , solid pepperoni game . amazing crust -- maybe a little tiny bit too much parmesan cheese dusting but that 's just me : ) . really good ranch too ! ! i love ranch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edisons pizza still surpasses all other cleveland favorites in my opinion . that being said , their customer service skills could use some work . would it hurt to smile or try to be nice ? very gruff here . ask for a few honey packets on the side , everybody 's doing it ! the buffalo barbecue wings are also a good accompaniment to your pizza , besides an immediate nap after you eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmmm . my favorite pizza in cleveland . i may be wrong about this , but i 'm pretty sure most of the pizzas are pre-made and then run through again after order to give the crust a really nice crisp . it is literally the greasiest thing i 've ever eaten , but it 's totally worth every bite . the customer service here ( oy , vey ... are they ever happy ? ) is n't very friendly , but the pizza pulls at my heartstrings . if you have n't tried it , do it . but keep it simple . do n't overdo the toppings . do it . i dare you . xo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best greasy pizza in the whole gd state of ohio . try the cookies on the counter too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arrived in cleveland on business - as a foodie and huge pizza freak ... i had to try this place . took a cab from downtown 2.5 miles to the west side and was very happy with my decision . this is the classic dive joint ... there are no hostesses ... you walk past the bar and bang a left to the `` order window '' ... they write down a time when the pie will be ready on your order stub . it was well worth the wait ! this pie tastes like `` marions pizza on steroids '' ... if you are from kettering centerville ... this should make sense ... beautiful crunchy crust and excellent sauce ... this place is a gem ... i 'll be back ( if i 'm in cleveland ) - nice work edisons - ( i ate all but one slice of a medium mushroom well done pie ) ... if you 're not ordering well done , do n't talk to me about pizza . peace", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely place for a quick late night slice of pizza . for just $ 3 a slice ( + $ for extra toppings ) , its a bargain . i ordered a cheese slice with chicken while my gf had the pepperoni and mushroom . both slices were quite big and were loaded with toppings . the slices itself was thin but with a big crunchy crust . the sauces and cheese on the pizza was quite good and was not too oily . the chicken on my pizza was lightly seasoned and was white meat . i would say there 's close to a small can of mushrooms on my gf 's slice ! the pepperoni was also very good and crispy . this place opens late so i 'll definitely keep this place in mind while strolling around tremont .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i still love this pie , but tonight 's service was rather disappointing . a bit of an attitude from the servers , they got our order wrong , boo . the worst part was i was excited for the great pizza i was used to , but got a pizza way too loaded up with mushrooms , just sitting , soggy-like on top of our pie . it just was n't as good as usual . i 'll come back but tonight was not so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best pizza i 've tasted in cleveland . new york style is their game . everything i 've ever eaten from this place has tantalized my taste buds . the novelty of dipping your crust in honey is not only clever , but totally delicious . if you have not tried this place , fix yourself . : ) keep up the good work you guys ! see you soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best pizza 's in cleveland . the pepperoni pizza if filled with incredibly crisp pepperoni and all pizza can be bought by the slice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as i live in tremont , this place gets some good traffic from me . i love the beer selection , the casual feel and the giant super cheesy pizza you can pick up through their little side patio . the crowd is always mixed and dogs are welcomed . they have an interesting , but slightly worn-down patio out back for when the weather is nice . i also adore the thomas edison-themed interior with old patents and electrical equipment - quaint and cozy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their pizza is my absolute favorite . but , i 'm not the only one . so , their wait times are usually outrageous . and , they do n't open til 4pm , which could n't come sooner on many o ' sundays . but , it is always well worth the wait . they really do n't skim on toppings . if you could n't see the crust , you would think you were just eating a big round hot flat salad . beware of the pizza by the slice . you 've been drinking , you smell the pizza , you order it , you watch them pour parm cheese on the butter on the crust , and you ca n't wait to get that in your mouth . then you do . and you wake up with blisters all over the roof of your mouth because you could n't eat it fast enough . they 're the best .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live right around the corner and pick up food from here often . portions are all large and will last you a few days . i love their house salad . it has fresh mixed greens and tons of toppings ! ! i also really like the cheesy bread and calzones . both come with sides of ( cold ) marinara . slices are greasy but delicious with lots of cheese ; definitely good to satisfy those late night munchies . staff is not always the friendliest . i understand they deal with a lot of drunk people and are super busy , but it 's the same when i come here on the weekdays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "little , local , pizza place ! despite the heat , the employees were super helpful ! we had a medium pepperoni and a medium chicken bacon ranch for a family of four ( 3 guys , one gal ) ! this is not a sit down and eat place ! ! they do have a deck behind with some tables and chairs , but no inside seating . very small counter , but great service . the pizza is the best i have ever had ! personally , beats mellow mushroom ! ! 5 5 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "undoubtedly the best pizza in cleveland . i used to live right across the street , i so miss having those delicious pies right at my fingertips ! i now live in texas , and have yet to find anything even close . my favorite is the hot bacon and spinach pizza , which is topped with enough bacon to cause instant hypertension . however you ca n't go wrong with a slice of pepperoni ( so crispy ! ) . do n't forget to drizzle honey on top , an unexpected touch that takes it to the next level !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best pizza in cleveland . i 'm always surprised when people have n't heard of it before . unless you want to wait a long time to eat , call in your pizza order before you get there . the pub has a cool vibe to it and a great beer selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had the sketchy service other reviews are mentioning but their pies are some of the best in cleveland . great little place . can be very busy but if you want good food sometimes you have to wait . i highly recommend edison 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really want to like this place . the food is good , but i called for a pickup order ; an hour and 25 minutes for a pizza . i did n't even say what i wanted , i was immediately told how long the wait was . as if they did n't want to be bothered . been going here for years ... i do n't know what their issue is lately . p.s . placed an order at crust ... 15minutes . just saying .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my partner in crime and i were looking for a good pie late one night and decided to give this a try . it is a different set up from you typical joint . there is no table service so you have to order your beer and pizza separately . the menu is quite extensive with some good options . we decided to go with building our own medium pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms . i was a little skeptical of the $ 16 price but i was not disappointed . when the pizza arrived it was loaded with toppings . edison 's is by far the best place i have had in amount of toppings . the taste was on point and one of the best pizzas i have had in a long time . one of the nice things was that the pizza is brought to you in to-go box . so once you have had enough you can just pack up and head out . i will definitely be back to check out some of their specialty pizzas . highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good but pricey . medium 8 cuts 3 toppings for $ 18.95 . vs my favorite place for over 40 yrs back home in canton . can get a large 15 cuts 4 toppings for $ 16.95 . 7 more pieces , one more topping for $ 2 less ! pizza was tasty tho .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hole in the wall but the pizza is amazing ! very dive bar feeling inside but the live music is a bonus . pools tables are a nice addition . bathrooms could use some attention .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great trivia , good beers , amazing pizza . wow . goes perfect with the beers . ample seating and great , personable servers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza was amazing ! stopped in for a few slices , tried both the pepperoni and the cheese- they were both so delicious . the space in there is very limited but you can take your pizza next door to enjoy . the prices are great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edison 's is a place i hate , yet love . the pizza and sandwiches are good a dive never had a bad meal . unfortunately , the service is consistently slow . it should never take an more that a hour to get a cheese pizza . i wish they 'd expand .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this rating is only for the taste of tremont experience . they were quick to order , friendly when asking for suggestions , and quick to get the food out hot and fresh ! the pizza was perfect amount of sauce , crust , and cheese . it was the perfect thickness , was n't deep and was n't thin crust . did i mention the slices were a large size ? that was awesome ! i have been wanting to try them and could n't pass it up at the event . cant wait to go back again and try more than one slice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i seen a picture of one of their pizzas and decided to go check out the spot . go to place my order and the lady said it would be 1.5 hours for a pizza at 4pm on saturday . i was offered to buy slices of pizza at $ 3 a piece , but my family is 4 people . why not offer my family to wait in the dinning room and give me 4 slices of pizza . why let the customer with money walk out of your business , and she seemed to not have a problem letting us leave . i can understand if it was delivery , but 1.5 hours for a carry out pizza smh ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "decent pizza with real cheese and meat ! cooked to perfection with a crispy parmesan crust . you can grab whole pies or fast and convenient individual slices . my favorite foods are the toasted sub sandwiches on amazing cheese bread , and fresh toppings ! the bacon is fantastic ! ! ! ! overall $ 20 for a single toping pizza is a little high , along with one oven and a high demand , the wait your food can take hours , with some questionable customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4.5 stars . i think i somehow suffered a head injury previous to my first review of edison 's pizza . either that or just a so-so experience my first couple of times here . the pizza here is great and the loading of of toppings that they do here is awesome . that goes for any pizza too - not just pepperoni . get a bacon pizza and see that thing just covered with the stuff . it 's not a saucy pizza , which i normally like it that way . but they manage to create a great pie without much . i have had the pizza many times now with many variations of toppings ... they are all great . the buffalo chicken pizza is a cool choice too but i 'll warn you it 's certainly spicer than you would expect . the combination of edison 's pizza and edison 's bar is just perfect for a good night out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect greasy bar pizza . i 've gone here a bunch of time , one of the few places in cle that has green olives as a topping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super greasy but was a good late night choice", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best pizza ever ! ! ! we have to call in several hours in advance if we want to order on the weekends but it is well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yaaaaaassss kweeeeen ! best pizza in the cleveland area ! the only complaint i have is that they get so busy wait times exceed an hour most weekends . but as long as your do n't have a furry friend with you , you can just grab a drink at the attached bar while you wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is going to be a short one ... i 've had a few pepperoni pizza and a few sandwiches from edison 's . the sandwiches are always huge and taste great . the pizza is definitely among the best in cleveland . unfortunately , i feel that it 's also the greasiest oiliest pizza i 've ever eaten and i almost always get a stomachache after eating it . this makes me sad . still , the crust is excellent and whatever blend of cheese they use is perfect . they also give you honey for dipping , something i do n't think i 've seen anywhere else . it 's a nice touch . i definitely recommend edison 's , but be aware of the grease and the ( potentially ) long wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was excellent and side salad portion was huge . the bartender was very nice but once you go over to the pizza side the whole atmosphere changed . the younger lady taking our order was hesitant when we asked questions and gave us the wrong dressings for our salads . when i asked for the correct dressings the older lady was not too nice or accommodating . i went back up to her and asked for salt and pepper and she told me they did n't have any . no salt or pepper in a restaurant ? i would recommend this food for take out only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to be in the mood for pizza and last night i was . went in and it was an hour wait , so went over to edison 's pub form a beer . may write a review for the pub but the only problem i had there was i either got the wrong beer or they did not clean the lines well . anyway , back to the pizza . it was good , probably better than angelo 's but far below vincenza 's . pricey , about 18 for a medium with feta and pepperoni . eh , a good place and will most likely hit again sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , let me state that this was the first pizza i had since moving from jersey . this is not good pizza . horrible ingredients and service . the only reason they get one star is because that was the only option . try angie in independence , oh ... that is a good pie !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've lived in tremont for 2 years and edisons has always been my go to late night snack . the slices are perfect for a quick fix but the specialty pizzas are delicious as well ! chicken bacon ranch is the besssssst", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza took forever to come out and the person behind the counter seemed offended that i had the audacity to ask them to take my order to the bar when ready as i was there for bar trivia . idk if it was out of spite or a mistake , but when it finally came out the slices were wrong - i asked for three slices of different toppings and they gave three slices of all three toppings . i also did n't think the pizza was that good -- plenty of better options around . not a must visit by any stretch", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i grew up in new york not far from nyc and edison 's is as close as i can find to a nyc slice ... this is my favorite place for piazza in cleveland ... the stark weather salad is awsome too ... i definately did not expect mesclun greens from a bar pizza place ... really good surprise ! thursday night trivia is fun but gets loud and crowded so get a good table by getting there early ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greasy ! ! ! not gourmet pizza but still good for a quick bite ! always nice to grab a pie and sit on the back patio ! plus dogs are welcome !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love pizza ! ! ! ! ! ! and i 've been all over the city trying pizza since i was a young lad lol . a friend of mines told me about the place and me and wife stopped here after leaving downtown a few years ago ... right away i fell in love and the relationship is still going strong when you can master classics like pepperoni , you have to try more . the chicken bacon ranch is out of this world . the calzones are as big as the small pizza box i have designated this place as the best in cleveland . i wo n't stop eating pizza and traveling the city , but this is my clear cut favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the pizza here but most the time i have it is when i 'm listening to the blues bands on saturday nights.i will say edison pizza is some of the best i have ever had and will continue to have it.i just like walking in and saying can i get a `` slice '' because it comes out very hot and very good.i will say get a slice and go next door to the pub and order a sessions lager and you cant miss on that.edison pizza is a must have if your ever in tremont", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i gave this review 4 stars for the pizza alone . i 'm convinced that edison 's makes the best chicken bacon ranch pizza on the planet . every friend that i have shown edison 's to has told me it is some of the best pizza they 've ever had . the staff is very abrupt . i have n't exeperienced them being rude , but they really do n't have any inclination to acknowledge you other than to take your money . you also may find yourself waiting upwards of 90 minutes if you order on a weekend evening . do n't plan on eating there either , the pub is n't a good place to dine . take it home . the pizza is phenomenal trough , i can promise that . if this place rose their standards in customer service , and somehow accommodated people who want a comfortable atmosphere to sit down and eat their pizza , edison 's would be a staple of cleveland .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pizza ! the owner . or manager , was possibly the least pleasant person i 've met in cleveland . ... so . if you were a seinfeld fan ... he 's cleveland 's version of a balding , goatee clad soup nazi ... maybe he just had a bad day ... either way . really good pizza ... and we learned the s cleveland secret of drizzling honey on the pie ... . definitely worth the try if you are in tremont ... .or cleveland ... or ohio ... . mr. pizza nazi ... . just messing with you a little . overall good experience ! no pizza for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza at this spot is n't bad plus it stays open late so ca n't beat that after a long night . slices are fairly good size . i got 2 pepperoni slices . they were fresh out the oven and slightly greasy . perfect . sauce is pretty good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here way too much . it 's a probem ... .a delicious problem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have lived in cleveland for two years now . i 've tried lots of pizzas . there are many good ones . edison 's is arguably , the city 's best pizza . the crust is a bit thick but not crunchy . there is just the right amount of cheese , thick and gooey . the toppings are just the right amount . the sauce is tangy and good . it is sprinkled with parmesan to finish . delicious ! it is connected to the bar next door . just order carry out and park yourself into a booth . you 'll love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "edison 's pizza is pretty good pizza , but they are open late night on weekends which makes them better than everyone else by default . after the bars edison 's is clutch when you just want a slice of hot pepperoni pizza and to dip it into ranch ! if you are a toppings person they do not shy away from loading it up with everything you order . the only downfall is the amount of time it takes to get a full pie late night . sometimes the wait can be over an hour and a half . lesson learned always order by the slice . they make the slice pizzas in between everyone 's orders so slices are always available first ! ! i have yet to go into edison 's for the beer but i hear that it has a very hometown bar feel with cheap , cold beer . what more can you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely top notch . great pizza for decent money . the quality and quantity of the food is hard to compare", "score": "5"}
{"review": "agree with other reviews about the 'attitude ' . needs improvement . there is an air of `` just tell me what you want , because this job is cumbersome '' . i ordered one pepperoni slice , and please note that you should probably allow slice of pizza to cool for about 11 minutes , before you attempt to take a bite . that puppy was barking hot . anyway , crust was fluffy and airy , not crispy at all . i enjoyed the 31 ( yes 31 ) little baby slices of pepperoni which adorned the slice . sauce was totally sweeter then expected . average slice i guess . would n't go back though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yum yum in my tum tum ! pizza , wings ... its all soooooo good ! others feel the same because there is always a long wait ! anywhere from an hour to two hours on a friday saturday night around dinner time ! a little pricy , but i wouldnt spen my money on any other pizza ! omg it 's soooooo good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy smokes had a large pepperoni- bacon pizza and there was literally 5 lbs . of bacon on it ! fancy pepperoni also , served with honey to dip it in . awesome drunk food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best greasy pizza in the greater cleveland area ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hole-in-the-wall pizza joint in tremont ... but those kinds of places are the best kind ! i love this pizza . the pick-up building next to edison 's pub barely has standing room for more than a couple of people , and you ca n't really see past the counter ( which might be a red flag for the average germaphobe ) . i 'm a bit of a pizza traditionalist , and their cheese pizza is greasy , cheesy perfection . the parmesan crust and the ratio of cheese to sauce is spot on ( more cheese than sauce ) . the price is reasonable for the size of the pizza ( thin , long slices ) . they 're now open until 2:30 am on saturday nights.. i just wish more pizza places near the flats delivered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza at edison 's is good ... but damn , the wait times they quote are crazy . i called at 6:45pm on a weeknight and was told a 1 hour wait before i could pick up my pizza . geez . always be prepared for a long wait time for this pizza whether you are calling for pickup or ordering next door at the bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome . just awesome . if you 're looking for delicate thin slices , this is not your place . if you want a pizza piled high with good greasy toppings , here you go ! i ordered the ranch pizza , but instead of chicken and bacon , got spinach , onions , red peppers , and fresh tomatoes . when i went to the window to pick it up ( to go ) the woman asked `` how 'd you come up with this idea ? '' i told another place used to make it for me . when i picked up the box , i was surprised how heavy it was . got it home , cut a slice -- wow ! instead of just bits of spinach strewn about , there was a whole layer of it under the cheese ! they did not skimp with toppings ! this was a to ally different animal from the last place ! i can only eat 1 piece at a time , it 's so filling . nice flavors , generous toppings , a great deal for under $ 20 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive had this pizza twice since i moved to cleveland . ( i am eastsider and dont get over much to the west side ) ..the first time i had it honestly was not a fan at all ... the crust was gooey and the sauce had no flavor . i was also sober . this as i have found was my mistake when coming here . the 2nd time around , i had a bit to drink before coming her ... and the pepperoni pizza was amazing . im upset they could n't put sausage on for me but hey it is what it is ... next time i need something to soak up the bourbon i know where im going.. may have to order a whole pie this time around .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hot bacon and spinach pizza was the best pizza i 've ever had - i highly recommend it ! we had to wait about 45 min to an hour for it though . worth the wait , but i 'd call to order in advance next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place serves fantastic food . i have n't had anything that i did n't like . all the sauces that come with your plate are great with varying levels of spice heat . this place is definitely a hole in the wall , but worth a visit if you 're in the area . seating is cramped inside , but there is plenty of outdoor seating if you can tolerate the summer heat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious tacos de shrimp and manta ( sting ray ) tacos ! ! must try place . fast and great service cash only", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had 2 caguamanta with shrimp tacos . definitely hit the spot for being hungover . they dont serve beer unfortunately and also make sure to bring cash only . will def go back to try other items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , this place is small but huge in flavor ! they have tacos de birria , caguamanta , camaron , cabeza , and chicharron ! they also have different types of caldos but i have n't had that , yet ! you must try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has brought the hole in the wall to another level . outside , cash only , no english menu . however , all the tacos we got were delicious . shrimp , beef , beef tough , fish , roasted pork . there were a lot of toppings on the taco . they are fresh and very tasty . definite authentic mexican . and the soup , it is nothing i have tried before . taste pretty good , not too greasy or salty but very flavorful . will go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taqueria yaqui is the real deal . we had the manta ( stingray ) , cabeza and the chicharron . excellent ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i had the money i will eat here everyday . everything and i mean everything on the menu is so so good..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tacos de cabeza hands down only reason it 's not a 5 star is because they do n't serve asada which is weird but that 's okay because the cabeza ones are all you need and do n't forget a tostada de ceviche ! the best !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best authentic mexican food in phoenix ! check it out and try the manta tacos ! i 've been to dozens of mexican restaurants in the valley and none are as authentic as this place . the salsa is hot as you want or mild for the less daring . this is a regular stop for me and my wife whenever we crave mexican .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "and this is why hole in the walls are the best ! felt like it was a taco that you find on the streets of sonora", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a total hole in the wall but as amazing as everyone has said . service was friendly , quick and helpful for my non-spanish speaking family . pork and shrimp tacos were both amazing and fresh . the guac was different than i 'd had in the past but i ended up pouring it all over my tacos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "muchos lugares para comer tacos pero como este no hay 2 est\u00e1n buen\u00edsimos ( vien perrones ) lo \u00fanico malo es k solo aseptan cash ( efectivo )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tacos ! very authentic and tasty ! not a chain , so do n't be afraid to explore . nice people and great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for truly authentic tacos and great ceviche ... you need to try this place ! some seating inside and they bring tables and chairs to put outside . great food ! we will be back ! ! check their schedule as they do n't open all the time . cash only ! they dont serve anything else but tacos and tostadas but that 's all you need ! the birria is devine and the aguachile omg", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while i was out and about one day i stopped in here to get my toenails tended to . my toenails griw faster than lightening speed and my workout shoes become painful if not cut short . the place is clean , a major plus in my book . may did my pedicure and she was very thorough . no complaints . i 'll be back fo sho !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to a lot of nail salons in vegas but i keep going back to vanity ! if you go during the weekend be prepared for a wait , if you 're a walk in , but it is definitely worth it ! i have yet to be disappointed with their work . all the workers are professional and work fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad ass pedi for $ 20 . i tipped 30 % because she gave me such a good rubdown i almost passed out ! lol the place is nice inside and everyone is super nice . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not much has changed since my last review . and they still put up with me ! i love this place ! been coming here for over 5 years ! kristy does the best nails and is great with free handing designs if you show her a picture . may and danny give the most amazing pedicures . i recommend the deluxe pedi . it comes with an orange scrub and a peppermint mask wrapped in hot towels . pure heaven ! i would come for that everyday if i could ! whole staff is super friendly too . i feel more like a friend or family member coming to visit as opposed to a client .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved out to las vegas about 3 months ago and was in need of a good nail technician . when i find a place that i like i stay loyal so it was very difficult for me to leave los angeles and start over again . i was lucky enough to have lisa do my pedicure and gel manicure the first time i came to vanity nails . lisa is amazing at what she does and i 've been a frequent customer of hers ever since ! the staff is very friendly and professional and the salon itself is very reasonably priced . i ca n't sing lisa 's praises enough ! i definitely recommend calling and making an appointment so you do n't wait , but the first time i waited it was n't longer than 5 minutes . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it here ! ! a friend told me to try this salon after no luck finding somewhere i liked in the first year i lived here . they are always so nice and accommodating and very clean . ask for kevin or lisa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "henry , the manager , usually does my nails and does a great job . he is very skilled and friendly . meticulous in his work . always does my nails with a smile . gave me a very nice gel polish french manicure today . i have only had good experiences there thus far . the place is always busy . seems to me they must be doing something right if there are always customers . brought my roommate there and the staff was sweet and accommodated us by putting us in a special area so we could sit next to each other and chat while we got our pedicures . we were both pleased with the service . look forward to my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "besides the fact that its right next to my house , i think they are very friendly , i always bump into my old industry friends and friends from all over town ! i love the work they , they are clean , the price is right , and i would highly recommend this place to get your nails ! if you are a tourist , i promise you its worth the drive because i have had my nails done a few times on the strip ( @ mgm in my hotel , @ caesars palace , and @ the planet hollywood ) they were sloppy , always in a rush , and i had to keep telling them over and over that its sloppy and they wont fix it . one person ( @ mgm ) said it was my feet ! lol ummm no ! i highly recommend a local place , and this is the place to go ! plus town square and the outlets is right next door !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girl and i have been coming here for years and we always love the service and the people here ! i always get the deluxe pedicure from holly and my feet and toes are always looking good and relaxed after she 's done , she 's also applies exfoliating gel and ends with a foot massage . henry and kristi always take care of us and we 're always extremely satisfied when we leave . if you guys are looking for a place with talent with an affordable price , this place with take care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seems like a nice place but the guy told be it would be a 30 minute wait , i asked if that was the max amount of time and he said it would n't be any longer than that . an hour later he comes and takes the top coat off my nails and then says it will be 10 more minutes . god only knows how long it would have actually been bc i had to leave . without my top coat . if he would have been honest from the start i could have gone somewhere else or just come back later ! just be honest , bc now you 've not only wasted my time but i wo n't believe you in the future . thanks for wasting my time on my day off , awesome .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i hate writing bad reviews ... it 's why i have so few of them . however , this place compelled me to . if i could give this place less than 1 star , i would . they rushed our pedicures after we declined upgrading our service to the deluxe and left polish all over our toes . my friend ended put getting her eyebrows manicured , and was left with a mess . both brows were different shapes and widths . though we both left tips because of courtesy , we were so upset !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place . everyone was so nice . we were i'n town for a convention and . needed a rush manicure . they were most professional . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed taking my niece ( 7 years old ) to get pedicures . nice people , good pedis ! $ 20 is n't a bad deal : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at this salon , however it came recommended.. but i should have checked yelp first . my service was good.. no problems there . my pedicure was ok.. i will wait to see how long it will last . a good pedicure lasts 2 1 2 weeks , so we shall see . my gel manicure on the other hand was sub par . i think that the gentleman who did my nails was not proficient in french manicures.. or even gel manicures for that matter . i spent an extra 30 minutes in the chair trying to get the tech to fix the mistakes he made ( e.g . crocked tips , nail polish not fully applied to the outside edges of my nails ) . after 25 minutes i just wanted to leave , so i left the salon disappointed.. with remnants of my previous gel color chips embedded into my new gel color.. i wo n't be going to that salon for a gel manicure again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i discovered this place last spring following a disappointing experience at polished and since then vanity has become my go to spot for pedis . i 'll be the first to say it 's not the most posh and the nail polish selection is n't the best but they always work me in , there 's never a wait , i 'm in and out in 35-40 minutes , my feet look good and best of all it 's only $ 20 for their spa pedicure . i 've only had a manicure once and heidi did a great job both with removing my current disastrous gel manicure and making sure my hands looked good for the weekend . since i do n't have acrylics i ca n't comment on the nail techs in that regard . their clientele is a mix of all ages of tourists and locals . the ladies doing your nails are quick , friendly and i 've never had an issue with cleanliness . when i 'm not looking for all out pampering but just want feet to look pretty , for the price it does n't get better than this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had to scramble to find a place to do a fill and pedicure for my sister 's wedding the next day and chose vanity nails because they were close but not one of the fancy , expensive spas on the strip . i got great service ! and my nails were super cute . the staff was friendly and i was done in a reasonable amount of time since i did n't have an appointment . i would definitely go back if i needed my nails done in vegas again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "too bad there is n't a zero star rating . terrible service since i was not a regular ! was a walk in told it was an hour wait . came back in an hour and was told some of their `` regular `` customers changes their minds about services and we had to help them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this nail shop since i moved to vegas . it took me a while to find one i really liked and they are pretty good . my favorite is liam he is absolutely awesome . i usually stop in once a month during the winter and twice during summer . you do n't have to make an appointment but it gets really busy here so i would recommend you do . my favorite pedi is the lemon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holly is the best ! i will travel the 50 miles round trip , because no one can compare . she makes the shape of my nails just how i like & she likes to make sure i leave with what i asked for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved to las vegas and took a chance on this place , and im really happy ! ! my technicians name was may and she was awesome ! ! great attitude , great manicure , pedicure and massage , its hard to find someone who is a triple threat ! ! i 'll definitely be back just to see her : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think this place is great . ask for henry or christy , they both do great nails . it 's well priced and they have a ton of nail polish options . i 'd say the mix is 50 % locals and 50 % tourists . it 's super clean and they do a good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean & fun atmosphere with nice people to do your nails ! if you do n't like fake nails i recommend paying the extra $ $ for the gel polish ... looks awesome and lasts for weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely phenomenal ! ! i love holly ! ! ! she is god sent they have over 6000 colors ! ! ! ! they were sweet , clean and efficient ! holly made me feel like family ! looks like i have a reason to fly to vegas every 2 weeks ! ! ! who else is gon na do my nails like this ! ! ! ! my nails are the bomb ! ! ! ! yes ! ! ! you must come here if you want someone to do your nails and care about what they do then go here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shelac polish started chipping in two days . got them done wednesday and they are chipping by friday . also , i can see the bumps and indenting on my nail from the damage she caused removing the polish .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "will find anyway to over charge you . if you ever want pink & whites make sure they do n't chirp gel . she did pinks with gel tips ontop of the powder charging me $ 10 at $ 50 and they look terrible . the whole point of pink & whites is it looks more natural . my advice is if you want to go here to clearly make them repeat back to you what you want and expect to pay otherwise they 'll use their language barrier against you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visiting vegas to see my guy jt , and needed my nails done for his concert . i had a very specific design in mind ( suit and tie suit and tie ) , and i never get designs so i went for it . most of the employees were very nice , and welcoming but the guy that did my designs could n't have been more rude , and unpleasant ! he even kept messing up the design then would get an attitude with me ! now keep in mind that i got a pedicure ( $ 20 ) , a new set ( which they kept the price on the dl until they were done even though i asked twice ) . at the end of it all i left paying $ 70.00 for a pedicure , and a new acrylic set not gel , not french tip but acrylic ! ! ! i figured that vegas would charge more for everything but this was ridiculous . next time i 'll be sure to get my nails done before i leave arizona .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super pricey for no reason . it was $ 30 to fix two broken nails ( $ 6 each nail and they charge $ 13 for a polish change ) i only came because my girl at shimmer nails were booked . i would recommend them before ever going here . they have excellent customer service and they serve mimosas ! ! ! anyways.. $ 30 for a repair and polish change is crazy !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great pedicure joint . friendly staff will keep me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for 5 years now . henry always takes care of me , best foot massages and nails i 've ever experienced . i 'll never leave : ) thanks henry ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't pleased with the paint job , but i think that kevin is probably the best cuticle-getter i 've ever had ! : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not from vegas and love getting my nails done when i come , since i like to treat myself to shopping ( outlets ) and nail services , when i 'm here . i come a few times a year and have had the hardest time finding good nail places in vegas . i really enjoyed my visit here and though a bit more pricey than other places worth it ! i got the sweetest girl that was gentle with a toe i was having trouble with from a previous pedicure . i say try it and make up your mind because i was shocked to see bad reviews . my nails are super , super short and i felt they help me choose best color to not focus on that fact . -clean -friendly service -next to outlets ! ! ! ! ! -next to 5 guys burgers win , win , win lol : ) d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i have been going to vanity nails approximately 5 years . its conveniently located less than one mile away from our house , however during this time it has progressively gotten worse . the employees speak to each other ( in their language ) practically the whole time they were giving us a pedicure and clearly , by their facial expressions , they are talking about us . even though there are still a couple of good ones left , it 's impossible for them to be available at the same time for us when we arrive . its a darn shame because we really use to enjoy going there , but it seems were going to have to find a new place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vanity nails is a great place . henry and christy are amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! everyone there is friendly and helpful . i travel quite a bit and they always get me in and take care of me at a moments notice . my nails always look great and i receive lots of compliments . great job vanity ! ! ! price is great ! ! ! ask for henry and christy ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owner henry is super friendly and he is definition of great customer services . he know how to builds relationship with his customer . i do n't think i would go to another nails salon after i went to vanity nails . i went to get pedi and mani . jennifer receptionist sat me down with kayla . kayla is super friendly . she 's great with hands massage . she does her job right . i was satisfied with my gels mani and pedi . it came out incredible . i would definitely make another appointment with kayla every time i get my nails done and would always come back to vanity nails . i honestly do n't know why people would wrote nasty common about this place when they had one bad trip . i went to many places and i experienced many terrible customer service but vanity nails really value their customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great first time experience ! i got a pedicure and it was well worth the $ 25-it was great ! next time i 'm in vegas i 'll have to go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get your wallets out - starbucks has `` bucks '' in its name for a reason . although more expensive , i ca n't deny that yes , i am qrite the starbucks fan . chai frap ? cinnamon dolche ? sesonal drinks ( big ups to pumkin spice ! ) ? kinda love it . this is one of the two starbucks close by in my area . if i feel like sitting down and staying , this is the location i choose . there is a lot of seating and it can be a tad less busy . service is friendly for the most part as well . side note : i hate how when i want my drink made with skim milk , they call it a `` none fat '' . yes i get that the milk is less fating but i just like the taste ! ca n't you just say skim ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this location . the wait times can be long as it is the only starbucks in the area with a large seating space complete with tables and couches . free wifi ! everyone loves free wifi and it actually works well . the staff has recently changed , but they are extremely friendly . my app would n't work one day , so they gave me my coffee for free and told me to pass on the good karma . made my day . they always have a good selection of breakfast items and treats , but make sure you get the breakfast sandwiches early in the day . they do often run out of thw turkey bacon egg white breakfast sandwich by noon . i 'll continue to go to this location frequently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice sampling of sweets but they do n't have a blonde roast on tap.. try the one at the longos instead if you want a blonde roast ( like a traffic light away )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no idea why but this location has always had the most suspect service of any starbucks i 've ever been to . it was recently ask redone inside but it 's mood is to somber and the acoustics are terrible . the location note serves the reserve blends and had a `` clove '' brewer . the closest used to be toronto and it may still be . this location did n't new out up to the level of quality i expected . if you 've been to the roastery in seattle then you know how it should be ! part of the blame i think is due to the machine and general work area not being the cleanest . for any type of detail i believe in a 3 strike policy before complaining . this review is strike 3 fir this location . i 've avoided it over the last year and will continue to but sometimes it 's the best choice for where i am . i hope things improve our the next 3rd strike is s complaint to head office .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this location ! steph , alicia and natalia are the best ! always wonderful and my specialty mocha is always perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to numerous starbucks locations around ontario , and though they range in taste , style and setting , i have never really been that disappointed ; that is , until now . the starbucks location on 321 cornwall road was a nightmare . the barista 's were more interested in socializing then allowing me to pay for my drink , service was extremely slow and there was no line up ! not to mention , i ordered a hot cinnamon dolce and my drink tasted revolting . my drink was freezing , lacked flavour and no cinnamon had been added . normally i would ask for the bartista to fix the issue when inside , but i was in a rush and did not sip the drink before i left the location . upon getting into my car , i found the drink to be inedible and i ended up discarding the mess in the closest garbage i found . i swear to never come back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "probably the worst starbucks i have ever been to . the manager must be new because he clearly has no idea what he 's doing . i was there at 8:30 the other morning , there was a very long line and he had a barista on break , in line , ordering drinks ! service is extremely slow even when there is n't a line and staff are rude and unpleasant to speak to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one word ... chicken tikka masala ! ok ... it 's one word if you say it like i do . i like to say it fast so i can hurry up and get past the ordering part and on to the eating part . this place is awesome . i ordered samosas , garlic naan , mixed grill ( tandoori oven cooked variety of meats ) and chickentikkamasala giggle . the mixed grill was good , but the naan and the masala was the highlight . i had to slap the hubby 's hands to keep him from eating the whole thing ... ok ... by 'slap ' i mean i may or may not have skewered his fingers with the fork , pinned them to the table and gleefully devoured the tender saucy piece of chicken as he sniffled something about needing an ambulance ... we 're so playful . disclaimer : no hubbies were actually harmed or manhandled before , during , or after the consumption of the delicious items procured from i.d.p . the improvised narrative describing the dinner-eating portion is fictional ... the tastiness of the items we ordered is factual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never had indian food prior to coming here . after coming here i fell in love with it ! ! oh my god their lunch buffet is the freaking best ! ! so many bold tasty flavors ! love love love it . i 'm obsessed i seriously go there once a week now lol . it 's my new addiction . oh yeah ask for the garlic naan ! ! yummy omg it 's also free : ) update : 01 2017 i lied the garlic naan is n't free .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fiance and i wanted to try out indian food , so he looked up on yelp ( i taught him so well ! ) a place that was close to us that had pretty solid reviews and found this place . we had never tried indian food before , but we were both impressed . i was in love with the chicken tikka masala , it had such a different but very delicious taste to it . my fiance tried it and was impressed as well . we both are n't too fond of spicy foods , so we ordered both of our entrees mild . my fiance got the chicken curry and thought that was pretty good also , although we both agreed my entree was the best . the garlic naan was amazing , i fell in love with naan that night . the service was great , they were friendly , made sure we were okay and enjoying our experience , and they kept our drinks filled . we will definitely be back to this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my all time favorite at idp chicken tikka masala , peas rice & garlic naan ! ! ! yummm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good indian cuisine . beautiful interior and great food . they 'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale . they appear to have a buffet option , though i have n't had the chance to try that yet , as it 's for the lunch crowd only .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting . good reviews looked good and they were accurate . i have to admit , this was a great culinary experience , not just for my guests but also for me . i had n't been to an indian restaurant since arriving in the usa . it was worth the wait ! spice , heat , flavour , goodness . all in several dishes . side note : the little store attached to the restaurant had a variety of sauces that i could only get in australia . i will definitely be back to pick up local specialist items !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent value and cuisine . the buffet is amazing in quality and flavor . best on days when they are serving the vegetable korma . desserts are excellent as well . i would recommend this long-standing restaurant to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a spot close to the airport . after reading reviews was skeptical but since we were going early gave it a shot . the food was fabulous and the big shocker was the service was excellent ! many reviews found the service horrible . we were very happy with our meal here and would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! haha ... yeah this place is cool . just looking at it makes me feel cool . not gon na lie , i was a little skeptical coming here because honestly , it 's not in the best part of town , but it 's great . come here . i judge a place by its chicken korma my favorite indian dish . and this place did a fantastic job . the biryani was a little lack luster but it still had great flavor . the cashier guy was super nice , he engaged in painful small talk with me haha . that 's a plus ! and man ! bollywood music ! i got my food to go so i did n't get a chance to get the whole experience as a sit down customer but i 'm sure it 's just as good . enjoy ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seems like they have too much business and are way too busy . i called twice asking to speak to whoever i need to to inquire about holding a party for my upcoming event . both of the times i was told that i will be called back but they never did . i guess you dont need my business . i will be happy to take it elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious . i loved the chicken tika masala and the garlic naan . the service was really good as well . definitely will be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cockroach on table ( and a neighboring table ) . lamb super mealy . wine bottle `` opened '' in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle . no apologies . just arguments . you 've been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've recently moved to phoenix and we 've been looking for a fantastic indian restaurant ( and i think we 've found it ! ) the restaurant is nice , with nice decor . the service was friendly and quick . the waiter was a pro and we loved one to ten spicy-scale for our dishes . i ordered veggie korma , he got the chicken tikka masala , and we shared some naan and the 'assorted snacks ' ( vegetable pakora , samosa , sheesh kabab , papadum ) . everything was delicious . giant food baby . we 'll be back for the lunch buffet and we ca n't wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes i would say this place is good . service a little slow maybe but the quality of the food was very good . nice atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome vegetarian food here . we tried shahi paneer and dum aloo . both were awesome and naan was fantastic ! ! .though mango lassi was disappointing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food and great environment . the lunch buffet is the bomb . the three different chicken dishes are out of this world . the bread the waiters bring is mouth watering and the price is very reasonable . a must go to if you like indian food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second time staying at the baymont , and i could not be happier . the room was spacious and very tastefully decorated , the check in and out processes was streamlined and quick . something that is consistently a major thing for me : housekeeping respected the `` do not disturb '' sign . i work nights , and it drives me nuts when i 'm woken up by housekeeping at 8am . in plenty of hotels , the `` do not disturb '' sign gets ignored . that has never been a problem here , and i love that . for the first time , i tried to breakfast here . i was impressed by both the variety and quality . i pass through the area a lot , this has become my go-to spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , quiet and friendly ; everything i 'm looking for in a hotel . i had one of the whirlpool suites and it was a very spacious open room bigger than a few apartments i 've had in the past . great stay and plenty of dining options within walking distance . would definitely stay again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great stay at the baymont tuscola . we got in late but the staff was still extremely friendly and helpful . i was lucky to get a whirlpool suite which was bigger than my last apartment . it had a jacuzzi tub that i did n't use , which made me feel like jay-z . the beds were super comfortable , there were two sinks and when i turned on the tv , chopped was already on . the continental breakfast had a waffle maker , which also made me feel like jay-z . very clean pool and hot tub ( which i did use ) . there 's also a taco bell and a burger king next door . if you 're looking for a quiet relaxation , waffles and fun flirty chat with senior guests , baymont inn tuscola is the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 . you charged me $ 82.14 for a room at 2am . no one else was giving you any money at that time , work with the paying customer 2 . the giant stains on the carpet could not hide the wear and tear or other unknown stains . terrible , charles tipton", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as of 1 1 17 they doubled their walk in rate to $ 150 ! these people are nuts . when they told me $ 150 to walk in , i walked the hell out . go to umc quick care or legacy care ( pecos & wigwam ) for $ 75 . the receptionist blamed it in the new company that just took over . oh and if you have a medicaid card guess what ... its all 100 % free . but the working man gets his rates doubled . they also have an online check in so you dont have to wait . i filled it out online and when i arrive they tell me they have no record of me in the system ! seriously ! ? this place sux - service and price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there this afternoon to try to get relief from a severe migraine - i did not have my insurance card ( anyone with a migraine will tell you it 's hard to think clearly ) but i had the group number and phone number . tell the front desk i need a doctor bc i had a migraine - she looks at me and tells me we do n't prescribe narcotics ... ... .. ok - not looking for narcotics but relief from my migraine ( even just a saline drip since i had been vomiting all day ) . anyway - the girl at the front desk ran me out of there and told me to go the emergency room . why does urgent care exist if they will just tell you to go to the hospital ? front desk treated me like a pill seeking freak when all i wanted was relief from a migraine - do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i saw that this clinic had 3 stars which was much better than the one close to where i live ( eastern and horizon ridge ) but i give this clinic 5 stars ! the drs rotate throughout the carenow system ! the office staff was very comforting and friendly ! the rooms were very clean and the decor excellent ! dr cendana was very nice , warm and friendly ! he was very thorough and asked a lot of questions and insisted if my sinusitis bronchitis did not get better in 5 days with mess to come back and see him ! i would highly recommend this clinic ! additionally i only had to wait about 20 to 30 minutes and was out of there 's in an hour and 15 minutes ! but , of course i came at 800 am when they opened ! oh and with my obamacare i only paid $ 50 that 's all and all my prescriptions turned out to be free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this location on several occasions . the snoody little receptionist with black hair is very unprofessional and you can tell she does n't like her $ 12hr job . doctors and ma 's are friends . other front desk staff is also friendly . she needs to go !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not recommended neither the doctor nor the nurse practitioner listened to the symptoms and prescribed medication that had nothing to do with what was wrong with me . i made two visits not knowing that the first visit i was given medication that would not cure the problem and on the second visit 5 days later and worse off was completely ignored by my list of symptoms .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "every staff member including the dr . seemed to be in a bad mood . not one of them the entire time we were there , was friendly . never again will we voluntarily go back there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice . once when my boyfriend had unbearable stomach pains and recently when i became painfully ill. my primary doctor was fully booked and i needed immediate care . i was called into the room quickly and the physician 's assistant was very kind and had great bed side manner . unfortunately , the 3 stars is due to the fact that we were there for an hour an 20 minutes . i understand that there were other patients before me , but holy cow i was in a lot of pain . i got my prescription and everything seems to be under control now . if i need urgent care , i 'll probably be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had mixed experiences here . today was absolutely horrible . the dr. ( some weird russian bitch that did n't speak english ) , was a total fucking cunt . she never listened ! i 've been in the medical field for a long time so i know what i 'm talking about . im a paramedic , pharmaceutical technician , cna and ed technician . plenty of professional licenses behind me . this idiot ( why even call her a doctor ) did n't even know what xanax was ! i ended up telling her to cut out the attitude because she 's the most ignorant doctor i 've ever met . atrocious bedside manner . when i 've gone there other times , i 've had decent experiences . but with this bitch , ha forget about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there early monday morning with pain and lump in groin . no doctor on duty just np . was told right away `` we do n't prescribe pain meds ! '' did i ask for pain meds ? hell no i wanted to make sure i did n't have a blood clot that was about to migrate to my heart or lung or brain and kill me . was told by the np i had a `` swollen lymph node '' . thank god i did n't believe the np because i immediately drove myself to the er where i was admitted for a blood clot ! geeze ! im sure i 'm not the first person they miss diagnosed ! stay away ! waste of time and money and nearly cost my life !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "urgent care ? ? ? hardly . we sat in the lobby for over 2 hours and were n't seen . i did n't even want to give them one star . do n't go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away ! took my mother here for some pre-surgery doctor ordered tests . they were happy to take her medicare , but then would not send results to dr office . after 5 days of arguing the dr office finally received the files . customer service blows !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience ! all the staff were very welcoming . nurse practitioner kelly was very personable , professional , and knowledgeable . provided very useful advice based on common patterns amongst various health trends as of late as well as additional symptoms to look out for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service just cuz i 'm pregnant and they see i am sick they do n't want to give antibiotics they no i have bronchitis", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you have no insurance the cost for an office visit is $ 125 . : ( thanks obama care for 'affordable ' medical care . hope i get reimbursed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after spending 3 hours waiting at another urgent care . they sent us to this one . quick and easy. ! ! ! this is my go to place now ... ..the other location eastern and horizon ridge was ridiculous no staff member let us know they doc was doing something that would take hours . was rude . they should have said something way sooner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so after i was turned away from the other urgent care location because the doctor was out to lunch , i went to this location . as i walk in the assistant tells me that he 's sorry but there 's no doc on duty today ? why the h -- - are you open then ? ? then they refer me back to the urgent care i had just left with the doctor who was out to lunch . no thanks . i 'll take my business to another company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "inquired about seeing a doctor when i have kaiser , but they did n't even let me finish my inquiry before telling me , `` we do n't take kaiser and you have to pay . '' when i told them i did n't mind paying , they they handed me a clipboard with paper work . not a great first impression at the front desk , and i was the only customer that walked in at the time , so they could n't have been too busy -- and definitely did not need to be rude . if the front desk is rude , i would not bother seeing a doctor there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "am here on vacation and was concerned about an inflamation on my big toe . on a saturday afternoon , i was seen immediately after filling out the paperwork . the dr and assitants were very helpful and professional . in and out in about 30mins . am very happy with the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im usually wary going into new urgent care clinics . but after this experience i 'm probably going to use this location from now on . i was in and out in less than an hour . had a breathing treatment and everything . hands down best urgent care experience i 've ever had . super clean . friendly staff . np dennis was very friendly and listened to me . this place is 1000x better than any experience i had at a umc quick care where you wait three hours and the place is filthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably best staff you can find at an urgent care . short wait times and clean office . cons : expensive even with insurance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a great experience . the receptionist , dallas , was bombarded with patients all at once . she was patient , organized , and had a very pleasant attitude . she got us all in right away . i will definitely be going to this urgent care from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being sent here from another location that would not see my 3.5 year old ( eastern horizon ridge ) , we got to the waiting room with our paperwork already filled out . it was not their fault we were behind other patients , so we waited . zoey at the front desk was helpful and seemed to be always busy . there were 2 patients ahead of us but it was n't too long until we were called back . the nurse was very sweet with my son . dr. johnston came in and was great . he took a look and confirmed what i thought- ear infection . he patiently answered any questions and was very professional . while waiting for the prescription to be written up , we thought of a few more questions . he came back in and was so nice . we got our prescription and my son is now home feeling much better . in and out in about an hour . ( early on a saturday . ) thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the waiting is too too long . it 's not like they are a specialist . i actually timed it . they open at 8:00 am . i arrived at 8:09 am . only one patient ahead of me . only 1 patient was there prior to me , and we finished filling out the paperwork within a minute apart from each other . so she must have arrived around the same time as i did . she was seen at 8:44 am . over half hour wait when no patients were inside . and me , i waited for over an hour . this is ridiculous , they can organize themselves better to attend the clients in an appropriate time . apparently they were also bought out . never returning here . do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best experience we 've had in las vegas at any medical facility ! went in on a monday night for my son 's ankle , after an injury at a soccer game , in & out in 45 min . everyone was extremely nice & professional . we saw dennis , the nurse practitioner . the front desk , his medical asst & dennis were all great ! we will definitely visit , as needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after all my experiences at the urgent care extra on eastern and horizon ridge this is the best . i was in and out in about an hour . ca n't beat that especially when i went at 7pm . the pa was very attentive which the ones at the other location were too but i waited about 4 hours before i got a room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here 3times . because near my house . i always waiting really long time . even patient is only 3people.. i easy waiting always 2-3hours .. what 's wrong this dr ? ? ? i do n't understand why so slow ? ? ? also the stuff 's attitude was terrible . i do n't think i come back again . other urgent care is much better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they do not call your insurance ( when they are in network ) which is illegal . then they charge you full amount for a visit . per contract with my insurance , once they take my card they must verify it and run it . these people are unethical , greedy and evading the law . i also heard them talking about me while i was in the room . i was sweet at first so nothing bad but maybe you should n't make fun of someone 's height ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has very bad management skills , guests should n't be talked about as there leaving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just came here for the first time and i had a wonderful experience . ladies at front desk were nice and friendly . dennis was my doctor and he was fantastic , great bedside manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in at 8:00am for a blood pressure issue . i need some dental work done but the dentist wo n't do oral surgery until my blood pressure is under control . one other person was in the waiting area before me . i was called back within 10 minutes of arriving . i was seen by james boesiger , pa-c 5 minutes after my vitals were taken . he was kind and took the time to listen and address my needs . it was my 2nd visit to this clinic and my 1st visit , i had a similar experience . i will use them again as needed . today 's visit cost me $ 125 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is so unprofessional- its crazy . 1 . do n't expect to be called in any kind of order . 2 . do n't expect them to answer any of your questions while you wait . they have no idea how long anything will take . 3 . do n't ask too many questions- because then they all disappear to no doubt talk about you- asking questions . 4 . oh & keep in mind there is only 1 doctor . 5 . please do better than i did- find somewhere else to go . there is no need for you to be under the weather and deal with this non-sense . 6 . this place is a joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife had a sore throat and we went to the closest center where we were at the time . we were greeted by the most pleasant receptionist . her name was shenna . we gave her all the pertinent information and then after a short wait saw a nurse and dr who immediately diagnosed the problem and prescribed medication . thanks to all that work at this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at first reading some of the reviews i was hesitant to bring my daughter in , she has a bad cough . but upon arriving we were greeted warmly with a smile & the nurse , charles , was super . he made my daughter smile , was pleasant & incredibly nice . then we saw the doctor , dr barlaan she was amazing . explained everything perfectly , the best bedside manner in an urgent care facility that i 've ever seen . ever . also the wait was super quick . we were seen within 20mins & out of the office ( which included an x-ray ) in 40mins . this was on a saturday morning @ 10a . i would definitely come back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best urgent care experience i have . to start sheena in front desk was very helpful and so friendly . then to asja who took really good care of me . with my anxiety and stress level so high , asja keep me calm . she made sure im all ok before i was sent home . she 's the kind of nurse who loves her job and felt it . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst urgent care ever . if only i gave give them negative star i will surely do it , doesnt even deserve a one star . been waiting for more than hour to see a doctor & & it wasnt that even busy . after waiting , i met doctor ( i forgot his name ) he 's an old man and very awkward . he doesnt seem to care ! ! ! he 's blunt , he 's slow ! he 's asking me what i want from them . you know what , i aint gon na go here to see a doctor if i know what to do . i 'm here for your opinion of whats wrong with me or how can you address my issue . after this doctor asked me some questions & do pe . he just walked out the room and told me to wait in the lobby , without explaining what meds he will give me or what will be the plan ! ! ! aint coming back here anymore . staff are very slow too . i am so disappointed with their service ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i remember the doctors being much better last time i came in . dr. pena was ok but he downplayed my very painful and recurring condition with a bare minimum prescription for a drug that might give me relief . do n't even bother asking for pain meds of any kind , even non-narcotic , he just ignored that topic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friendly staff , been here twice ( once for me & once for my child ) both times virtuous service . in & out within an hour . dr in the room and diagnosed problems right away . i 've been to the one on warm springs and green valley parkway thats the one to stay away from . i 'll drive the extra few minutes to this location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly two very important words to hear when you are n't feeling 100 % . this urgent care is wonderful . in and out in under an hour , very friendly and compitent staff and doctors . office is very clean and nicely decorated as well . will be back if the situation ever arises again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first time any version of an urgent or quick care has lived up to its name ! i could n't believe how fast i was in and out of there , or how nice everyone was . the place was clean , the staff was kind and efficient , the doctor knew his stuff . for someone who hates going to doctors , this was possibly the most pleasant experience i could have ever asked for . i really appreciate it . they made feeling terrible a little better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter fell off her scooter and cut her chin up pretty bad . she was 5 years old at the time , and the injury would definitely require stitches , it was scary for myself and my baby girl . part of her skin was hanging ( sorry to be so graphic ) . needless to say she was in a pretty good amount of pain . when we arrived , the front desk staff had her taken back within about 5 mins and apn dennis cendana and his nurse were very nice . it 's not fun giving a child a shot in the wound areas and stitches , but they made her feel comfortable so it went quickly and without any crying : ) afterwards they treated her with a lot of tlc , great bedside manner ! the wound healed nicely with hardly any scaring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the old tiny 's which was one of my favorite breakfast stops . now this nice lady has taken it over and it was not very busy when i stopped by but the food was great ! the sausage was really fresh tasting , the eggs were cooked perfect , the potatoes were pretty good but i used to really love tiny 's along with their homemade salsa . the best part of the whole meal was the biscuits and gravy . i am not a huge fan of these but i was in the mood and i am glad i was because the gravy was phenominal ! ! it was thick and flavorful and made my morning .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place really had potential . they were out of almost all the muffins and it took a long time to get our food . i guess i expected a little bigger portions sizes . they food was good . just some simples improvements would make this place very special indeed ! i 'll be back to give them another chance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pros . friendly wait staff . server engaged us and made us feel welcome . stuffed french toast was excellent . the strawberries and creme in the middle was to die for ! place was clean , cozy and quaint . cons . waitress forgot our muffins . we were one of three tables . cluttered wall space , dining area , everything . wife 's pancakes were meh . they were good but not spectacular . ihop might have a better pancake i am afraid . there muffins were ok . this is what bothered me . muffin but the best ? me thinks not ! they were supposed to be a bakery but had very little options to choose from on their bakery menu . apparently , catering comes first and the restaurant second . too bad . i really wanted to like this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been trying to just try this food for about 2 months . every time i 've gone there the hours change . when they say they 're open the doors are locked . i actually saw cars there once , but when i got closer no one was inside . after multiple attempts i gave up this place is never open . it is muffin but lies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "closed when it sign indicated open multiple times . business might be closed or need to update their sign ? possibly confused about arizona 's lack of daylight savings change .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere ! had the french toast and ate every bit . they made my daughter a special request sandwich perfectly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was so delicious ! service was above average but not the best . we came here for breakfast lunch and had the stuffed french toast , breakfast on the run with a side hollandaise sauce , buffalo meat , and chicken fried steak , and there were definitely no complaints on food ! well be coming back here next time i 'm up here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "muffin but the best has amazing food and great service this place really is muffin but the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went and it was fine for breakfast . service was nice food was eh . nothing special . wish i had more to say about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we 've been here a few times . they have some unique menu items , i especially like the elk and the buffalo options . the 6x6 burrito was delicious . each time we were there they were short handed , making service a little slow . the staff does explain this and apologize though . based on other reviews this seems to be a recurring problem . the restaurant is cluttered but it does n't really bother me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a really , really cozy little hole-in-the-wall diner and bakery that i fell in love with . they have well-priced specials and the food service is great . i would have loved to try their blueberry muffins but they actually ran out : ( the restaurant is a little cluttered , but if that does n't bother you i can recommend this mom & pop restaurant highly . try them for breakfast ( obviously )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! i just had the best ever chicken fried steak with gravy and eggs . i 'm looking fwd to trying the swiss elk burger or the buffalo patty melt sandwich . this place is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you ca n't be in a hurry if you go there , that 's for sure . breakfast took an hour , but we were just there for a nice breakfast , no rush . the people who run it are sweet and friendly . the food was fantastic ! i highly recommend the biscuits and gravy . they have unique food choices including buffalo and elk . the only complaint was the bacon was super overdone . i would n't dock them for that , though because everything else was amazing . new favorite breakfast spot . yummers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a gal from the east coast i am quite particular of the establishments in which i choose to dine at . do n't let this little place in a plaza scare you away , it is wonderful , food is homemade and the chef takes her job seriously . today i had the best egg sandwich i have ever had and the potatoes were amazing ! good and friendly service , great chef , my only minor complaint is the size of the place but other than that 4 stars all around", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had breakfast at this cozy local place twice now . the staff is very friendly and the food tastes great . i would definitely recommend the biscuits and gravy . they 're probably the best i ever had . also a great place to purchase fresh baked goods . i have n't tried their breads yet but the muffins and cinnamon rolls are yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a cool little hole-in-the-wall . the staff are really friendly and fun . perfect mix of great service and leave me alone , i 'm trying to eat . the food is higher quality than the appearance of the place . it has a nice diner atmosphere , but without the low diner quality food . it has the classic diner coffee , though . i actually enjoy that , but some of you might be looking for higher quality coffee . they might have other coffee options ? i only ate breakfast here and i will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no muffins on a sunday morning , maybe time for a name change . owner said she had a big catering order ? maybe time to run one business at a time ? stafff untrained and unfamiliar with the menu . waited for food for 20 minutes and the toast arrived ice cold . corned beef hash seemed like canned , also pricey . do yourself a favor and go to the waffle house .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today was our second visit ... great food , friendly service and a real `` mom and pop '' feel . their sos was fantastic , the cinnamon french toast was great too ! thick sliced bacon and we got a cinnamon roll to go . this will be a weekly visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cozy friendly atmosphere , wonderful tasty food and good service . all the ingredients for an excellent dining experience . the name says it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this small hidden gem . they have a wonderfully welcoming staff and great food for the price . you sincerely can not beat it . i suggest the biscuits and gravy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place had a chill atmosphere . workers were extremely nice and boba was great . definitely come and try it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are so honored for the sneak peak ! i give it thumbs up for my delightfully refreshing jasmine tea + lychee jelly . it 's the perfect quench for this insanely hot weather in vegas . and i also give it thumbs up for the fun & relaxing ambience . make sure to look for the hidden jokes ! ( review from teenager customer ) after swim practice , mom told us she was taking us to a surprise treat ... it was tea space ! ! i ordered a jasmine milk green tea and absolutely loved it . so lit . i also enjoyed the friendly environment i was in . everyone was so nice ! furthermore , the cartoon anime posters all over the walls topped my first experience off . thank you , tea space ! ! i 'll be back soon ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's hot . it 's honey sweet . it 's the softest boba in town ! the house milk tea is a special tea infused with a deep brown sugar flavor that you do n't get anywhere else . some of my faves are the okinawa milk tea , which has a rich sweet flavor . and hokkaido milk tea , which has a creamy milk flavor like the white rabbit asian candy . and the mango lychee smoothie is to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute place nestled amongst some of my favorite places . we tried the strawberry mango , peach , and winter melon with mango jelly slushies . all really refreshing and tastes great . they have great service and friendly staff . we will definitely be coming back soon to try other flavors and drinks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in the vegas area this weekend and was lucky to try out tea space to fight off the 100+ degree heat.. how the locals deal with the weather is beyond me . tried the house special milk tea , which is always my litmus test ... i can tell the tea was freshly brewed and not the powder stuff , and the boba had the perfect softness and chewy texture . hubby got the okinawa tea , which had a nutty brown sugar taste that was to die for ! the kids love the smoothies with mango and lychee jelly . everyone left happy and refreshed , ready to go back out into the baking sun . highly recommend this tea shop , and will definitely be back next time we are in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new tea shop , friendly staff , and they absolutely know what they are doing . best tea i 've ever had that i did n't make .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was craving some boba today and stumbled on tea space , came in and everyone was very nice and welcoming . ordered the hokkaido milk tea , really good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks getting a sneak peak ! had the winter melon with pudding . very delicious . never had pudding in my drink before . ca n't wait to go back and try more . i 'm excited to try a milk tea !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the thai milk tea with honey boba . it was very good , but i would 've liked if the boba was cooked a little bit more because it was too hard for me . but overall , the employees asked if there was anything that could be changed and were very helpful , sweet , and comforting . the place was very cozy and i 'm definitely coming back for a second timer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the okinawa and milk tea - delish ! ! ! ! nice meeting you min and alvin ! thanks for opening up a tea space close to home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best boba i have had in las vegas ! my barista , gabi was extremely helpful and courteous . amazing boba with even more amazing service . gabi was the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just accidentally stumbled upon this place looking while waiting for an oil change . i accidentally showed up before their opening time of 11am not knowing they were closed , i apologized and was ready to leave when they offered to make me a drink anyways ! it was a kind yet unnecessary gesture that i appreciated . not many businesses would do something like that . unparalleled customer service ! thank you to tea space for being kind and accommodating . side note , the okinawa coffee with sea salt is wonderful . definitely recommend if you like flavorful , creamy , strong coffee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tea is super delicious and the boba is perfectly chewy . the staff is super nice and inviting . i guess i went before they we 're officially open and they were very good to yelp and facebook users if you check in . conveniently located with plenty of parking , it 's nice not to have to fight for a parking space or walk a mile . we will definitely be stopping by regularly on our way home from work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cute environment and the drinks taste pretty good ! we got the honey black tea and the brown sugar milk slush with egg pudding . both drinks were equally delicious . they have computer desks to work at near the back that have outlet plugs and a lot of wall art to admire as well . it 's definitely a boba shop that you can either relax or get work done", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new hangout ! we are not locals here . the teas and smoothies were yummy and tasty ! we had the strawberry mango smoothie - not too sweet and a nice blend of flavors ! also ordered the house milk tea ( # 1 recommended drink on menu ) and the okinawa milk tea - very good tea ! not watered down as other places . liked the options of add ins - we had honey boba , lychee jelly , and pudding . the decor is also fun ... take some time to read them ! you 'll love at least one of them and maybe even have a little chuckle ! super hero themed ! place is not too far from the airport , towards direction of henderson , on 215 off warm springs or eastern exits .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the mango lychee smoothie and passion juices with boba , and they were delicious . boba perfectly cooked , nice and firm with soft centers . you can substitute soy milk if lactose intolerant for all the milk drinks . owners and staff are friendly . definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do not support this establishment . you can not tell someone to leave their guide dog in the car and you should be ashamed of yourself . this dog gives this woman independence and you ca n't request that her husband guide her because of this . guide dogs go into food establishments everyday and by law you can not ask or tell them to leave . these are working dogs , they 're not pets . please take a look at bill 70 . service dogs are protected from discrimination . not allowing this dog into your establishment did not only go against the law but also canadian human rights . i hope you learn from this experience and will not let this happen again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bob , you are a law breaker and an awful person for not letting that visually impaired woman in with her guide dog . you do n't leave a guide dog outside as you suggested . you so blatantly have broken the law and admitted as much to the global news interviewer . you deserve the full consequence of breaking the law , and i hope the bad publicity forces you to shut down and get out of our neighborhood . i will do everything i can to tell people about your discriminatory practise and try to reduce your business as much as possible . as a sidebar , i 've eaten here in the past and never came back due to the food being barely mediocre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hope no one ever sets foot in this place again . kicking out the guide dog of a vision impaired woman . disgusting and shameful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ikki sushi is one of the most homey restaurant i been to ! no snobby japanese sushi chef or cool japanese waitresses in kimonos ... just a japanese family owned sushi joint . ikki has no swanky or chic decoration ... it is kind of outdated and run downed and dare i say a little dumpy ... father as the sushi chef and mother as the kitchen chef.. and their son ... a cute little boy is the assistant waiter ... when that boy served my lunch special california and spicy tuna roll ( $ 7.95 ) to me and asked me to eat.. i could not stop smiling ... . for the price , the sushi is not bad ... i had better ... and i had worse ... but is the hospitality and that family vibe that made this lunch memorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i kinda want to give this place 4 , and it might just get there with time ! it 's kind of humble . this place is our neighborhood sushi place , and we 're happy to go back repeatedly . the service is inconsistent , but the people are very nice ! not professional - but very nice . the sushi is n't amazing , but it 's fine . what i really love here so far is the udon - it 's smallish , but surprisingly rich and delicious . it 's the perfect dish for getting over a cold ... or a hangover ... . ! it 's pretty good value too . fair prices . not cheap , but ... ok. just look out for the parking lot . and the weird sponged paint job in primary blue . both are kinda bumpy and weird .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my neighbour and i teamed up together to enjoy a bottle of wine and tempera . i ordered a bento and it was enough to fill along with lots of flavor . my favorite part was we were not rushed to get out ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : great sushi , the best in the area . i 'm not sure why other people are saying its not fresh as every time i 've been there it has been surprisingly fresh . crispy salmon rolls , cali rolls , shrip rolls , tofu , and salted edamame are all great . even the salmon sashimi was surprisingly good compared to most sushi places in the gta . very homely atmosphere which is still clean and well put together . this place has been around for well over 10 years . they have take-out and will even deliver in the area if you spend a certain amount . good service . good value . cons : rough uneven parking lot ( not a big deal )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem . the service is efficient and the bento boxes are excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "low expectations initially ( from outside it looks ghetto ) but the sushi was delicious and the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now that it is summer , two of us have sat outside in their patio twice and the first time , nobody came out to serve us so we left . the second time i came with another person , we were there for about 2 hours and we were their only customers . even so , no one visited us at any point to make sure we did n't need anything , every time we needed service , i had to get up , go inside and find the waitress to ask for things like napkins , drink refill , desert , and bill . apparently if you sit in their patio you are not a part of their consciousness anymore . i basically had to serve our table . and to remind you , the place was empty ! how could the waitress forget her only customers ? very weird .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the nicest decor or surroundings but if you 're looking for good , affordable sushi to go then this place hits the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really love their avocado rolls : ) also their bento boxes are quite good ! one of my favourite sushi places~ a bit pricy though", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unfortunate name . servicable sushi . good prices . parking . cooked foods better than sushi . large portions .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eh . small , not very nice looking . sushi is.. ok to not great . we waited forever to be served and get our food . i wo n't be coming back here again . the wait staff are very nice though , but i was n't impressed with the food and wait time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "summary : the building has poor appearance , but the food is good and service is decent . i recommend this place cautiously . i came here on the recommendation of a friend . from the outside , the parking lot looks poorly maintained and the building has chipping paint . on the inside , the decorations are okay ( not excellent or bad ) , but the bathrooms are ugly . my expectations were set low . when we ordered and our food arrived , i was delighted that it looked and tasted normal . the ingredients ( esp . meat and vegetables ) tasted fresh , and my fears did n't materialize . i feel a bit bad for the couple of waiters and kitchen staff who were serving our sudden influx of ~20 people on a sunday night . some responses took longer than ideal , but i think they did a good job given the circumstances . the handwritten receipt was a bit of an oddity . it 's been so long since i 've encountered one ; something like 1 in 30 restaurants maybe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love getting the spicy salmon set to go since i live close by . boyfriend always says to check my bill because sometimes he charges me wrong . anyways just writing about the sushi makes me hungry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "+fresh good sushi sashimi +atmosphere is okay feels like japan so that 's always nice +sushi chef is a really nice guy if you get to know him", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had heard good things about this place , but i was disappointed post-meal . the decor is nifty , and that 's the only good thing . prices are a little high , especially for the quality . nothing tasted fresh . even the california rolls tasted like store bought sushi . no flavour , just texture . i do n't plan on going back , and i would n't recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really awful sushi . it 's just not very fresh and they use instant miso powder . the tempura also comes from a package and is the wrong shade entirely ( a sickly white versus golden brown ) . the salmon tastes really old and they do n't even have ikura . maybe if you never eat sushi , you might be fooled into thinking this is acceptable , but it would never fly in tokyo , even in some little suburb like taito or something . it seems like someone decided that there was more money to be made in sushi than in burgers-n-fries and went into cheap , short-order sushi . a real dissapointment but at least their name tells the truth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best sushi restaurant in cliffcrest.it has been that way for years . food is always fresh and tasty . owner always kind , generous and helpful . social media mob , take your negativity elsewhere . this is a decent place to eat . do n't let unbridled hatred destroy another good food establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salmon was very red.. instead of the usual orange they used tabasco as hot sauce instead of siracha in the mix for spicy salmon maki . did not taste good . chicken katsu was very good.. we got a huge portion . good food selection , pricing is decent . parking lot is very run down with massive potholes and no painted lines . maybe i would come here again.. but probably not", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm allergic to crab meat and this is the only sushi restaurant i 've been to that would n't change it to another fish . horrible customer service . not recommended . plus the fish is n't fresh either", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner is a misogynist discriminating ass . disgusting allows children to run rampant in the kitchen then kicks out a visually impaired woman because of her guide dog . referring to her as a `` problem '' . sick", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a used minivan with a deep ugly dent in the back hutch door . got estimates with replacing and painting door for $ 3000 and fix it in a body shop for $ 1500 . one of the shops gave me the number from cliff and i gave it a try . cliff removed the dent like a miracle and i never expected such a successful job . the dent practically is gone and hard to see any signs of repair for a fraction of the price what body shops was asking . anytime i will recommend cliff to my friends when they are in need of a dent repair . thanks cliff for the great job ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cliff was so awesome in getting me a quote before i got there , and letting me know i could stop by at my convenience ! his price was more than reasonable and my car looked good as new after my dent repair ! ! thank you so much cliff . i highly recommend pressadent for quick , cost effective , friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pressadent does amazing work ! had a dent in the hood on my car and cliff got it out seamlessly . i ca n't even tell it was there . i would highly recommend to anyone needing dent repairs . also , be sure to check out his website as there is a 10 % off coupon on the home page !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cliff came by and took a look at the dent and was able to work on it the next day . aside from the deep scratches , the dent is virtually nonexistent . i highly recommend to anyone trying to get an eyesore of a dent off of their vehicle . thoroughly pleased with the work done and at an affordable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cliff was so helpful and professional . we had been told that it would be difficult to remove a dent made by a baseball due to the velocity of the ball ... .several dent repair shops told us there was nothing they could do . cliff looked at the dent , was honest about his assessment , but gave it a shot anyway . the dent is gone and nobody would know the car had been hit by a ball ! he was not going to charge me if he could not make it better and was very fair with the price he charged . he takes pride in his work and i would not hesitate to recommend him to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the way i feel about winners is the way i feel about cupcakes . it makes total sense that i should love it and eat it more often than the average person , but i ca n't seem to ever walk away with anything . sure , i 'll go in and gawk for hours on end , try on their boots , feel the bathrobes and imagine myself in them , but for some reason , there 's never anything that blows me away . then they added homesense , and i thought , yes , now that i have a place to furnish , this will definitely be the place to go ! lovely new renovations , always new things to pick up and ponder about . but nope ... never a purchase again ! despite all this , i still have deep winners love . i love it in the way that i feel like , one day , it 's all going to click and i 'll be buying things nonstop ! until then , they are my source of endless strolling and `` maybe today ! '' checking in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "far better than the disaster that is at college and yonge . the addition of home sense adds a lot . lines can get long , overall a better than average location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this store gets a better shipment of high end name brands than the one at college . come here if you are looking for higher end clothing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a winners advocate . always have been , always will . i do like this location because they usually have some awesome bags . but like any winners , you must go frequent and with no expectations to be surprised . if you 're in the neighborhood , pop in and see if anything catches your fancy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location has slowly been going downhill for the last two years . i usually stop in every few months to see what is there but i rarely find anything i like . the appearance of the store has also been in decline , i find more and more that it is frequently disheveled looking with clothing strewn about on top of the racks and on the floor . despite this , the last time i was in there the line ups to pay were wrapped around the store so some people must be finding things that they like .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "with over two floors of discounted apparel and housewares , this winners location on bloor street west at first does n't fit the mold most stores on that street since it 's not a high-end retailer . smaller than the sister store at 444 yonge , this winners locations has a wide range of apparel , linens , and other housewares that are readily on stock . store is kept in great order and the prices ca n't be beat . purchased a pair of calvin klein king-size pillowcases for only $ 14 ( originally $ 50 ) which is a steal here in canada . best time to shop is on friday afternoons when new merchandise is being put out for the weekend shopping crowd . recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love winners , but i 'm continually disappointed in this winners . being on bloor and avenue there is a much higher percentage of high end designer goods . there 's actually a separate section for them . i love to stare and touch all these gorgeous items . some are decently priced ( still expensive but at least somewhat in reach as a one time treat ) . but the rest of the winners is cramped ( women 's clothing section ) and has dim lighting and surprisingly not a lot of good selection . it 's like yawn . i do like the shoe section and the jewellery section and he home section , but the clothing section is seriously lacking . they draw you in with the beautiful high end designer section and then a huge letdown with the clothing for the regular people like me . i 'll always stop in when i 'm in the area just to see what bargains i might find ( oh the lure of a bargain can make me go anywhere..lol ) but i do n't think i 've ever bought anything at this location ,", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my favourite winners in the city ( i have n't visited them all , but most ) . since it 's located in yorkville , they carry a lot of higher-end fashion brands . the second floor has accessories ( shoes , handbags , belts , hair accessories , soaps & shampoos , etc ) . plus a really nice jewelry section ( not all winners have $ $ bling bling $ $ jewelry ) the 3rd floor has all the clothes ( mens & womens ) , swimwear , lingerie plus kitchen & bath products and the change rooms at the far end . it 's mostly clothes , really . like most winners locations , the change room facilities kind of suck , i always get a slow-moving attendant coping attitude and treating me like a criminal even though i just want to try on clothes . check-out is also somewhat sucky , usually meriting a 5-10 minute wait to pay , but nothing extreme . the awesome clothes deals make up for the customer service faux-pas ' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with angel l 's review . there is nothing that blew me away there either . things also looked as thought they 'd been picked over 100 times . the racks are way too overstocked which means ( a ) you ca n't see things perfectly ( b ) things keep falling off the rack ( s ) . even the spice marinade section in the home sense area was a bit lacklustre . i bought a box of scottish shortbread which seemed like a good idea deal at the time - except there was no discerneable taste of butter , i.e . lower end brand .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i always like the cleanliness of this winners but they have cut down their runway section . it 's still pretty good for jeans and tops but only a handful of dresses . seems college now beats them for that section . i do like their men 's sections here though as there 's more selection and much more in regards to accessories for them here . this location k have yet to be lucky in the shoe department as o find more at the college location . overall , the store spans over two floors and you are bound to leave with at least one item .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went to visit this winners to pick up some luggage ( and an iron man mr . potato head . tony starch ! hah ) we had a question , and asked a girl named rosa . it was a seemingly simple question , but took a little more work than we thought . rosa stuck with us the whole way , finding out who we had to speak to , and getting everything done for us . simply great customer service . also , i like how the selection tries to be yorkville , but the prices are still very winners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got some earrings , a wallet that my iphone can fit in and 3 pairs of shoes . that 's if for a plus size girl like me . the clothing section was so pathetic that it should n't exist . why bother wasting money on signage when there 's no clothes ? ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "winners feels like an outlet store 's outlet store . the 'good deals ' and 'fashion finds ' are practically nonexistent ; all the supposed good finds have been picked . maybe woman find the good deals but from a male 's perspective , it 's just a waste of time . unless you 're a size xxxl , you 're not going to find anything worth buying . and good luck finding the entrance if you come from cumberland and not bloor street . i was fed up before i even entered the place . the whole winners `` experience '' just feels depressing . the fluorescent lighting , the rusted metal racks , clothing fallen to the floor from misshapen wire hangers , the sad looking staff . i think as a brand they need to put as much effort into the store as they do in the advertising .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this winners . not only is it a refreshing change from the many overpriced clothing retailers in the yorkville area , but the mens section actually has a good amount of variety . i 've managed to find everything from nice casual denim and collared shirts up to more formal work slacks , dress shirts and even a couple of ties . i 'd say its a toss up between this one and the college park for what i would consider to be the best winners in toronto , so it 's definitely worth a stop in if you 're up for some rack digging as per the usual winners shopping style requirements .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i find certain winners much easier to find things in than others . this is one of the 'others ' i really like it and all , and i guess based on its location i have noticed it had more 'higher end ' names than some of the other locations around the city ( or is that my imagination ? ) but when i 'm in a cheap-o mood , that often results in leaving the store empty handed . and finding your way up and downstairs always confuses me even though i 've been there a gazillion times . it 's quite pretty , though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "of all the winners in the city , this or the one on front are the best ones . i 've gotten good jeans , shirts , t-shirts and cologne here at good prices . bonus marks for the fact that it 's in yorkville without the boosted prices . also , their sunglasses rack sometimes has ray bans and oakley 's . staff is friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this winners location at bloor and avenue probably carries a lot higher end brands than the other locations because of the proximity to yorkville . also , the women 's clothing , shoes and handbags departments takes the most space of the two floors . since the renovations , the layout has significantly improved making the shopping experience a more enjoyable one . the store still gets a lot of customers , but it 's definitely not as chaotic as the winners at college park . this winners is also attached to a homesense store on the second floor through the men 's department , so definitely a convenience if you 're looking for houseware items and miscellaneous seasonal items as they always have plenty of selections . the staff are usually friendly , fast and efficient like most winners as they manage the lines pretty effectively . so checkout is often a breeze and you never wait longer than 5-10 minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good place to shop brand name stuff with discount price . but not all the time you could find it , you have to go there quite often to check them all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the space is smaller than other winners because it shares a section with homesense . that being said , the department is smaller and consequentially , limited selection . the winner 's section is nothing to write home about , it has your usual gear for men . the homesense section is , in my opinion , better . with items here that you ca n't find anywhere else ( and i 've been to a lot of homesense 's lately ) . prices always seem reasonable for home decor , until i remember that most decor do n't have any functional use .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i received the best help from a gentleman by the name of ron . i 'd gone to a different ups location and was told they would n't take my return packages . i phoned this location and ron said `` no problem - if they 're unopened , mark them refused , return to sender and bring them in '' . i did exactly that and he kindly helped bring them from my car and send them back . it 's so nice to deal with kind , friendly people . thanks , ron ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always get the quickest , friendliest and most helpful service from this ups store ! convenient location with upfront parking which is super handy in shopping centers when trying to carry packages in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this owner is so helpful ! i could n't find an address that i had shipped to before and he had it on file : ) thank you so much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josh has mounted tv 's for me on four different occasions . he 's quick & he provides quality service . his prices are very reasonable as well . i highly recommend him if you need your tv mounted !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i found josh on thumbtack due to his reviews ... i did n't give him much notice and he still managed to get the job done on time ... they actually arrived early and was ready to work ... they were super fast and very friendly ... i could hardly believe that they did such a good job at such an affordable price.. i will not only refer josh to my family friends but have already set it up so he can mount my mother 's tv as well ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josh and his team have been rockstars ! this review is past due for these folks . it started with my tv but i have asked for their help with pretty much anything i am not 100 % on skill or time for equipment setup . the first time ( a while ago ) i had josh 's help i lost his contact information after he left and did not remember the business name on yelp . i liked josh 's profession service and knowledge enough that i spend a considerable amount of time scanning yelp and my records looking for his contact info . been a happy client since . josh 's prices are fair and he is patient and knowledgeable willing and able to answer questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josh is amazing ! i bought a mount from costco and he was able to man handle my 60 inch tv by himself ! that alone is impressive ! he 's a great guy , worked around my schedule , and did an outstanding job . he came prepared with hdmi cables that were long enough to go behind the wall which was an added bonus since that did n't even cross my mind . overall , an amazing job for 1 2 the price everyone else quoted me . i 'll definitely be calling josh again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "josh is absolutely an expert at home electronics , and simply outstanding at what he does . i highly recommend him for any tv mounting or in home electronics needs . he mounted our tv , for a very reasonable price , and was able to place the tv and xbox cords in the wall with no issues . he actually saved us money in the process and we were able to return our $ 100 in wall cord and cable power kit . he was also prompt to arrive , efficient , and very honest and thorough in his work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not a golfer but i can fully appreciate a pretty , well run golf course and cedarwood is just that . the greens are nicely kept , the staff is very helpful and all the carts were in working order . in terms of the difficulty of the course , most of the folks i spoke to while assisting with a nonprofit golf tourney mentioned that cedarwood is a great , mid-level course for all players . the club house is spacious and open and the food is pretty tasty . all factors are definitely important to take into consideration when planning a charity golf event ! if i were to golf , cedarwood seems like a solid place to check out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i attended a wedding reception here and it was a great facility for a dinner event . of course , the facility was beautiful and staff was friendly . the food was pretty good . the layout was perfect for an event like this - there was plenty of room for lots of large dinner tables as well as a dance floor . they kept the beverage stations open and well stocked . the bride and groom were very pleased and the guests had a great time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "casual dinner with members tonight and food was great ! service was inexperienced . always love the location and people !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "staples has lost their way . back in the late eighties they hit the ground running with discount pricing on office supplies and quickly gobbled up market share . today , they are a large company and seem to subscribe to the `` gordon gekko '' mantra `` that greed is good '' . my son and i went looking for a high end backpack that could stand the stress of a lap top and some heavy duty books . that backpack was over $ 100 dollars . i guess it was on sale from $ 130 . we should all be so lucky to snag a $ 100 plus backpack ( can you feel my sarcasm ? ) . so i decided to think outside the box and went into one of those sporting goods stores and snagged a better backpack ( since it could accommodate a larger pc ) in the $ 45 dollar range .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a good experience ... ... the people working at customer service acted like we did n't exist and acted like their job was sooo hard . all i wanted to do was exchnage some ink cartridges for some coupons . i was new to this myslef and they expected me to know everything about it . i will not be coming back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "geez talk about bad service ! we took some ink cartridges back to recycle them and we were treated very horribly ! whydto they call the customer service station `` customer service '' ? ? they obviously do n't live up to their title . i was starting to loose it when we were skipped in line and ignored , all because an employee did n't want to bother with taking a couple boxes of used ink cartridges . sorry staples ... office max will now have my business !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "zero customer service . not busy at all and many workers who visibly seen me looking throughout each aisle . literally it was another customer and i throughout this staples . no greeting of a hello , can i help you , are you finding everything okay , have a nice day . nothing . extremely cold . products are pricey .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "completely dead and when i finally found someone to direct me to where their external cd dvd drives were , i was given two wrong isles . then i went up to the front to ask and she asked someone through her microphone thing with no response . she then went to the . ack and asked someone who put me in the right direction . as i was browsing , the person who told her where it was finally came out to ask if i found everything alright . i get it , slow day , bad day , but c'mon people . where your customer service ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "useless 'customer service ' and one rude and unprofessional employee . it 's no wonder stores like these are going out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in with a last-minute print job that i needed right away for a presentation . since they have an `` instant '' print center , i just figured they could ... you know ... print instantly . i was told they could n't start my job for `` at least '' three hours , maybe more . i tried to explain my urgency and the `` instant '' part of their name , but the counter person truly did not care whatsoever . on the office supply said they are alright , but sometimes out of stock on just basic things you need . if you need help or have a question , good luck finding someone !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lots of office supplies . not sure about the prices , but i agree about the service . not very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "with the way that customers are treated i predict this staples will be one of the next to close , as many have . they do not even take there own coupons and the smart ass manager makes statements like `` have a great life `` wow that is true customer service ! as you can see by the other reviews the staff at this store needs an attitude adjustment ... ..as this seems to be the norm i will never return to this location . oh and by the way i will have a great life !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "crappiest staples ever , wouid have rated 0 for my experience . visited the store for a store pickup usb 3.0 pendrive , the guy in counter gave me 2.0 one , when i told him he took that back and went for checking his inventory . came back after sometime and said he is cancelling the order because they sold out the product . then i asked for at least 2.0 he said i need to pay 10 bucks extra to get that , absurdddd . this is how staples trains their staff to be , already i had a bad experience and he was not ready to compensate for it , instead was asking money for a lower version which already he gave to me . i have been many stores but never had any experience like that , i will never buy anything from staples ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst customer service ever . no wonder why they have two stars only . went to the print center to be treated the worst by the rudest , unprofessional supervisor there . i expressed my concern to the assistant manager who promised to have the general manager call me . i will never return to the store they will lose a lot of my business printing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "totally agree w the negative reviews here..shopping here is a nightmare..terrible customer service..bad morale..could not get help and when i did everyone in the store acts as if they are zombies..should have known when i tried to call first and took 10 minutes to get through recordings to talk to a person in the store ... went to office max and had a completely opposite experience ... everybody there acted like they were happy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we do n't have a staples in alaska so this was first visit to one . it reminded me a lot of what office max sets their store up . although i love the selection a lot more . i came in for envelopes and unfortunately they did n't have a smaller box than the 100 envelopes for the regular sized ones . i only needed about 15-20 . i guess i will leave the rest in my hotel room ... maybe someone can make use of the rest . i was a little disappointed though , and maybe this was a smaller store but i have heard many people say staples is awesome and even though some of their selection was better than the other office stores around i was n't too impressed after all the hype it was given .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the best place in my opinion to get your office , school supplies from . they are a bit over priced on many things and they lack simple customer service . there is rarely anyone around to help you and things can be a bit tricky to find .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst service ever ! if i could hive them zero stars i would . i made a purchase online to pick up in the store . i arrived and was told someone would have it right up . after ten minutes of no filing cabinet and all the employees just ignoring me i realized that there were several right there on the floor . i was insulted that the cashier i initially spoke to who was also standing 4 ft from me acted like i was n't there . not once did he say sorry for the wait or that he would check on why it was taking so long . after 20 min of being ignored i went to customer service and cancelled my order . i then went over to office max and bought the same product . i paid 20 dollars more but the service at office max made it worth it . i will never return to this location . they have no idea how to take care of their customers ! i wo n't be spending another penny in there again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "schade eigentlich ... ambiente und personal sind recht nett ... wenn hunde erlaubt w\u00e4ren , w\u00fcrde ich da auf dem weg ins b\u00fcro 5x pro woche kaffee + croissant einwerfen . soll aber nicht sein ... zitat : `` wir mussten uns entscheiden : kinder oder hunde ! '' ... aha .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tolles ambiente , nette leute , sehr faire preise ... zu sch\u00f6n um wahr zu sein . schon fast zu beliebt . pl\u00e4tze sind zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck vor allem sonntags hei\u00df begehrt . aber auch abends zum guten wein vor allem im sommer auch draussen sehr gem\u00fctlich . too lazy to translate ; ) basically : awesome and fresh food , great prices , cozy and still stylish place . `` must have '' is the `` bircher m\u00fcsli '' for breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das perfekte fr\u00fchst\u00fcckscaf . - das hat sich herumgesprochen . so kommt es , dass man am wochenende zeitig aufstehen muss , um noch einen platz zu ergattern . aber das lohnt sich . beheimatet in einem restaurierten eckladen im stuttgarter westen besticht das seyffer 's mit ganz viel stil . barocker kronleuchter , helle farben , h\u00fcbsche accessoires , die mischung aus andalusischer bar und \u00f6sterreichischem kaffeehaus ist so gem\u00fctlich , dass sich hier ein bunt gemischtes v\u00f6lkchen aus westlern und fans aus anderen stadtteilen zum relaxten beisammensein trifft . ob leckeres fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , eines der t\u00e4glich frisch zubereiteten gerichte , auf die man auch gerne ein wenig wartet , einen espresso an der bar inklusive schw\u00e4tzchen oder am abend , um den tag mit einem bierchen ausklingen zu lassen - das seyffer 's ist immer f\u00fcr einen da . super .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "man komme nur nicht auf die idee , am sonntagmorgen spontan zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ins seyffers zu gehen . ; ) die chance , einen tisch zu bekommen , ist n\u00e4mlich minimal . und das aus gutem grund . es hat sich herumgesprochen , dass man in diesem freundlichen eckcaf\u00e9 ein reichhaltiges und liebevoll zubereitetes fr\u00fchst\u00fcck bekommt , das zudem auch noch preislich sehr erfreulich ist . falls man doch auf diese idee kam , kann man die wartezeit gl\u00fccklicherweise sehr angenehm in gem\u00fctlicher runde an der bar verbringen . ein schlemmertipp sind die frisch gebackenen belgischen waffeln und die opulente hei\u00dfe schokolade nach italienischer art .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "h\u00fcbsches cafe , leckeres fr\u00fchst\u00fcck und essen , umst\u00e4ndliches tee-arrangement , manchmal l\u00e4ngere wartezeiten , nettes personal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir haben zum fr\u00fchst\u00fcck einen tisch reserviert . leider wurde die reservierung auf die falsche uhrzeit notiert und so mussten wir 15 minuten warten bis ein tisch frei wurde . die speisekarte war eher klein , aber es war f\u00fcr jeden etwas dabei . leider gabe es aber seitens der bedienung falsche ausk\u00fcnfte auf r\u00fcckfragen zur speisekarte . die bestellung ansich ging sehr schnell , allerdings mussten wir gute 30 min auf das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck warten und es fehlten dann 2 getr\u00e4nke und ein fr\u00fchst\u00fcck . das essen und die getr\u00e4nke ansich waren sehr lecker und h\u00fcbsch angerichtet . allerdings wurden die br\u00f6tchen von der bedienung mit der hand angefasst ohne eine gabel o.\u00e4 . die einrichtung des cafes ist sehr sch\u00f6n , gem\u00fctlich und stilvoll . allerdings ist der ger\u00e4uschpegel sehr hoch . leider st\u00f6rt zus\u00e4tzlich der geruch ( vermutlich aus der sp\u00fclmaschine ) , es riecht leider immerwieder sehr unangenehm . fazit : essen+getr\u00e4nke sehr gut . service l\u00e4sst sehr zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig . falsche beratung , lange wartezeiten , vergessene bestellungen . ambiente ist sch\u00f6n , allerdings st\u00f6rt hoher l\u00e4rmpegel und unangenehmer geruch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super fr\u00fchst\u00fcck , super service , super kaffee , in der sonne gesessen und genossen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr nettes caf\u00e9 mit gem\u00fctlicher einrichtung . das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ist super und reichhaltig . allerdings muss man nicht nur auf die waffeln ( wie unten erw\u00e4hnt ) lange warten , auch das klassische fr\u00fchst\u00fcck braucht seine zeit . daf\u00fcr war das ei auf den punkt und brot br\u00f6tchen lecker frisch . die bedienung ist nett , die aversion gegen hunde und kinder wohl nicht immer f\u00fcr jeden nachvollziehbar . in unserem fall wurde die ruhe allerdings von einer ca . 40-j\u00e4hrigen dame gest\u00f6rt , die lautstark \u00fcber ihr liebesleben berichtete ... ; - ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "15 ' wartezeit f\u00fcr einen ( sehr schwachen ) latte macchiato , \u00fcber 20 ' bis ich zahlen durfte . 1 bedienung f\u00fcr \u00fcber 2 dutzend g\u00e4ste . serrano auf den panini eher so naja . trotz netter terrasse eher zu vermeiden .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super milchschaum mit soyamilch und diese hat nicht mal einen aufpreis gekostet . allgemein sind die preise wirklich mehr als angemessen , die lage ist ruhig und gem\u00fctlich , das caf\u00e9 und der hervorragende service l\u00e4dt ein eine weile zu verweilen und zu entspannen . die karte sieht auch super lecker aus und zu den waffeln gibt 's unter anderem wei\u00dfe schoki aufstrich- was soll man da noch sagen ? : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe seyffer 's ist sch\u00f6n und gut . hervorheben m\u00f6chte ich die einrichtung , den cappuccino und das bircher m\u00fcsli . die bohnen sind von der r\u00f6sterei fr\u00f6do . mir gef\u00e4llt es morgens , mittags und abends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das seyffer 's hat mich gestern abend wirklich mal so richtig \u00fcberrascht ! eigentlich kenne ich mich in der stuttgarter kneipen und caf\u00e9-szene schon sehr gut aus , aber das seyffer 's ist mir bisher schlichtweg durch die lappen gegangen . und ich muss sagen , dass es potential hat zu meinem neuen lieblingscaf\u00e9 zu avancieren - nicht nur im stuttgarter westen ! die atmosph\u00e4re ist gem\u00fctlich warm und herzlich , am eingang erwartet einen sofort eine gro\u00dfe bar und etwas erh\u00f6ht stehen zwei getrennte r\u00e4ume mit tischen zu verf\u00fcgung . wundersch\u00f6n ist auch der riesige kronleuchter , der zusammen mit den vielen teelichtern zumindest im winter einen kuschelige atmosph\u00e4re schafft . wirklich sehr angenehm ist auch das klientel . keine stresser-typen , sondern angenehmes studi-volk gepaart mit mittdrei\u00dfigern . genial ist zudem , dass es hier einen kostenlosen wifi-hotspot gibt , sodass man auch mal sch\u00f6n im internet surfen kann . da auch die bedienung sehr aufmerksam und h\u00f6flich als auch das essen ( haupts\u00e4chlich salate und panini ) in ordnung und preislich im rahmen im liegt , gibt es f\u00fcr mich hier nur die volle punktzahl zu vergeben !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das seyffer 's ist das pefekte fr\u00fchst\u00fcckscaf\u00e9 . alles ist sehr lecker , liebevoll zubereitet und von bester qualit\u00e4t . das ambiente ist stilvoll aber trotzdem angenehm leger , der gro\u00dfe kronleuchter im eingangsbereich ist genauso ein blickfang wie die vielen details in dem sch\u00f6n restaurierten , alten eckladen auf zwei ebenen . aber auch als gem\u00fctliche abendkneipe taugt das seyffer 's auch wenn es manchmal etwas undurchschaubare bzw . wechselnde \u00f6ffnungszeiten hat . im sommer l\u00e4sst es sich angenehm auf der stra\u00dfe sitzen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kommen bei stuttgart-besuchen immer wieder gern zum fr\u00fchst\u00fccken hierher . sehr gem\u00fctlich , netter service , angebot vielf\u00e4ltig & lecker . vorteil : es gibt keine reservierten tischw\u00fcsten . nachteil : man kann nicht reservieren . aber wartezeit l\u00e4sst sich ganz gut am tresen \u00fcberbr\u00fccken .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das seyffert`s ist ein sehr gem\u00fctliches lokal . ohne hund auch zu empfehlen . das schild am eingang hatte ich nicht gelesen , dass hunde nicht erw\u00fcnscht sind . das ist ja auch o. k. . der kellner wies mich leider erst darauf hin , als wir es uns schon gem\u00fctlich gemacht hatten und die karte in der hand hatten . ( er sah uns doch reinkommen ? ) schade , denn wir w\u00e4ren gerne \u00f6fters auf einen drink vorbeigekommen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sehr gem\u00fctlich , stilvoll eingerichtet . die heisse schokolade war prima - sch\u00f6n dick , knapp am pudding vorbei . das kennt man sonst nur aus italien spanien . perfekt ! ungew\u00f6hnlich : meine freundin fand auf der frauentoilette ein schild mit dem hinweis , dass l\u00e4rmende kinder im caf\u00e9 nicht erw\u00fcnscht sind . statt alle weiblichen besucher damit zu konfrontieren ( ungeschickt ) , k\u00f6nnte man ja auch nur im bedarfsfalle durchgreifen , wenn auch kinder im schlepptau sind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freundliches , studentisches personal . samstags ziemlich voll . kann schon passieren , dass man sich an einen tisch dazusetzen muss . die karte , die auf din a5 beidseitig bedruckt und laminiert ist , l\u00e4sst durch eine auswahl an fr\u00fchst\u00fcck das wasser im mund zusammenlaufen . das teuerste fr\u00fchst\u00fcck liegt bei 16 euro . hinzubestellt werden kann , was das herz begehrt : bircher m\u00fcsli , ei , obstsalat , butterbrezel , panini ein h\u00fcbscher kronleuchter beeindruckt im eingangsbereich . gem\u00fctlich f\u00fcr den start in den tag !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "der tresen und der ofen sind scho ein blickfang im seyffer 's . die fr\u00fchst\u00fccks- mittagstisch- und kafeekarte \u00fcberzeugt auch , hier etwas l\u00e4nger zu verweilen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super nett hier ! abends gibt 's kleine und gro\u00dfe speisen die alle gut schmecken . nette bedienung und ein kuschelig-gem\u00fctliches ambiente kommt noch dazu . leider ist es manchmal einfach zu klein f\u00fcr die vielen fans .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich war mehrmals abends oder zum brunch und es gefaellt mir sehr ! alles lecker , bedienung sehr freundlich , absoluter geheimtipp.das fr\u00fchstuck bietet frische und leckere produkte an . bin fan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "einfach nur zu empfehlen ! sehr nette leute - gutes essen - gute auswahl an getr\u00e4nken und ein unschlagbares fr\u00fchst\u00fcckspaket in allen variationen - dann auch noch ein einfach absolut dienstleistungsorientiertes und echt freundliches personal ! wer noch nicht da war muss hin- 5 sterne plus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super s\u00fc\u00dfes cafe im stuttgarter westen . ich komme hier wirklich gerne hin . das cafe besitzt eine wundersch\u00f6ne einrichtung und das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ist wirklich unschlagbar g\u00fcnstig f\u00fcr stuttgarter verh\u00e4ltnisse . im sommer kann man richtig gem\u00fctlich vor dem cafe in der sonne sein fr\u00fchst\u00fcck genie\u00dfen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hippe und doch ruhige , trendige und familienfreundliche oase im stuttgarter westen . echter juwel ! und jetzt auch mit herbsth\u00e4user pils - dem besten bier \u00fcberhaupt ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier gehen wir am wochenende ab und zu fr\u00fchst\u00fccken . lokal : das lokal ist rustikal eingerichtet , die verwinkelte struktur hat allerdings einen gewissen charme . im sommer kann man auch drau\u00dfen sitzen , allerdings finde ich das nicht ganz so gem\u00fctlich . am liebsten sitzen wir in dem bereich \u00fcber der bar . service : der service ist freundlich und schnell . auch die kleinen werden freundlich begr\u00fc\u00dft und behandelt . speisen getr\u00e4nke : das fr\u00fchst\u00fcck ist frisch zubereitet , lecker und ausreichend gro\u00df . hier gibt es nichts zu meckern . preise : preislich liegt das seyffer 's irgendwo in der mitte . nicht billig aber auch nicht \u00fcberteuert . unser fazit : auch wenn das lokal f\u00fcr uns verkehrstechnisch ung\u00fcnstig liegt kommen wir gerne wieder und vergeben hier und heute f\u00fcnf sterne .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr gem\u00fctlicher laden , sch\u00f6ne einrichtung . die speisen sind lecker , getr\u00e4nkekarte super . eigentlich der perfekte laden leider wartet man ganz gerne mal l\u00e4nger auf die bedienung , weil telefonieren , plaudern und rauchen wichtiger scheinen . das hab ich auch von anderen schon oft geh\u00f6rt und sollte sich \u00e4ndern . deshalb auch nur 3 sterne ( weil es bisher immer so wie oben beschrieben war ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "die location ist s\u00fc\u00df , aber ein paar dinge haben mir nicht so gut gefallen ; der karte habe ich entnommen , dass schnittlauch zum r\u00fchrei mit zus\u00e4tzlichen 0.50 eur , sowie leitungswasser extra berechnet werden . das empfinde ich als kleinlich und das geh\u00f6rt f\u00fcr mich ( in ma\u00dfen ) zum service dazu . der service hat uns leider nach der bestellung sowie als wir zahlen wollten vergessen . erst als wir wieder daran erinnerten kam ein ich hatte noch keine zeit hm", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ich sch\u00e4tze mich zu den gl\u00fccklichen , die in der unmittelbaren umgebung des seyffer 's wohnen . das seyffer 's bietet einfach alles , was das herz begehrt egal ob man einfach mal den abend mit freunden bei netten drinks ausklingen lassen , sich ein leckeres fr\u00fchst\u00fcck g\u00f6nnen oder ein kaffee f\u00fcr zwischendurch mitnehmen will . das fr\u00fchst\u00fccksangebot ist einfach gro\u00dfartig .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr vielf\u00e4ltiges und leckeres fr\u00fchst\u00fccksangebot . im sommer eignen sich vor allem sich die sitzm\u00f6glichkeiten au\u00dferhalb des cafes ideal , um ein wenig sonne zu tanken . an wochenenden ist das seyffers leider immer ziemlich voll , so dass man mit l\u00e4ngeren wartezeiten rechnen muss bzw . darauf , dass man \u00fcberhaupt einen tisch ergattern kann ( aber daf\u00fcr k\u00f6nnen die betreiber ja nichts ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mein fr\u00fchst\u00fccks-tipp im sommer mitten im westen sch\u00f6n in der sonne sitzen , bei schlechtem wetter in toller atmosph\u00e4re innen . manchmal arg laut , und hin und wieder sind die bedienungen auch etwas verpeilt . das wird aber auch sofort , kulant und freundlich wieder gutgemacht . wehmutstropfen : die \u00f6ffnungszeiten sind unzuverl\u00e4ssig wir standen zu den offiziellen zeiten schon oft vor verschlossenen t\u00fcren .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "an sommerabenden gibt es kaum etwas sch\u00f6neres als hier drau\u00dfen zu sitzen . es passt einfach alles . danke", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can just imagine all the hardships that those fabled explorers lewis & clark had to endure as they explored the unchartered west of the usa from 1804 to 1806 . harsh weather conditions and long hunting expeditions in search of food . in my quest for sustenance today i ventured out to the local kfc to bag some chicken . it was like watching a movie scene in slow motion as it took probably close to 10 minutes before i received my food . yeah , we 've come a long way since 1806 where they could only wish to even capture any food within 10 minutes . in addition , i guess since the outdoor air temperature is only 89 they did n't feel like it was worthy to turn on the air conditioning . there was no air flow with fans , it was stifling in the restaurant . now the food did taste great but there is plenty of room left to improve the customer service and ambience of this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this kfc sucks ! 2night the drive thru clerk asked , '' like to try our grilled wings ? '' i said `` yes . '' she said , `` sorry- we do n't have any . '' wtf ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's no lolo 's but it got me over a fried chicken craving , i 'd give this 2.5 stars if i could . i do n't think kfc is as good as it used to be , but hard to say since my palate has certainly refined over the years . the gal at the drive thru was very friendly , so there 's my bonus .5 star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i very rarely eat fast food , but i was craving some crunchy chicken goodness , with a biscuit and slaw . the only think awesome about the place ? sporks ( why have n't they ever become mainstream , the world may never know ) ! they were out of biscuits and dropped my change onto the pavement without offering to make it right . they may be right down the street from me ... but i will be sure to stick to local mom and pop shops going forward .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this kfc was the worst in insulting you with the `` food '' they serve . they will sell you chicken that is old ... so old that the juice settles back into the breading on their `` extra crispy '' that it actually turns grey and soggy . this has made me decide to spend my money $ 22.00 to be exact elsewhere . ... ..mr. sanders would be ashamed . ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you 're at kfc , let 's not get high and mighty rating the quality of the food . 5 stars for he customer service here though . they are cheerful and friendly . ca n't ask for much more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : quick , friendly service . consistent food quality . cons : greasy fast food chain in a bad neighborhood", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay clear of this place ... just spoke to the general manager `` kevin '' about or horrible experiences there . bad bad employees and inedible food . he said they know the store is struggling and they know that they have `` no one trained '' there . that being said he refused to refund via mail . i would have to drive down and ask for the refund in person . i offered to email or snail mail the receipt , but would not waste any more of my time or gas money so he can keep trying to `` train '' their staff . avoid this place like the plague ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! always such friendly workers when i go through the drive thru . smiling and kind . it 's so so nice . makes me smile too ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "6 5 14 20 minute wait in drive-thru with no acknowledgement or empathy . will go to church 's down the street where they are better staffed . my break time is precious after all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "recently went back here because it was customer appreciation day and they had a great special i showed up about an hour before they closed there were no customers , but they seemed to have to check to see if they had the stuff that i ordered , per the other reviews i know they can only hold food for a certain amount of time before it goes bad , i think they are not ad-hearing to those guidelines , the grilled chicken i got was pretty dry , like it had been sitting a little to long . overall the store was clean , the price was good and the service was descent . i would suggest maybe going during the afternoon when they are going thru product to guarantee the freshness of it . let 's just say i probably wont go here , unless i am craving it . it 's edible but not much more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i drove twenty minutes on a friday to get my family dinner . i arrived at 910 pm and they are supposed to close at 10 . the employees had already closed everything up.when i placed my order they gave me some lie about they just sold all the chicken and we would have to wait 20 mins for more and fit the fryer to heat up . they closed everything up early . such a terrible experience . would not recommend.will be contacting corporate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible drive thru service . tried to pick up food for my co-workers and they told me i could only make two separate orders . i asked if i could drive thru a separate time and the lady was very rude and told me they do n't allow that ! ! really ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't see myself ever coming back . went through the drive through and had to wait about 3-4 minutes before someone even took my order . then waited another 5 minutes before i got to the window ( there was only 1 car in front of me ) . once i got to the window they repeated an order that was n't mine , so i had to repeat it . they took my money and then i sat for over 10 minutes ! the manager passed by the window a number of times and never made eye contact . they opened the window only to tell me that it would be another 4 minutes and i should pull around to wait . i could 've made my own chicken dinner at that point .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really excellent quality of service by an extremely helpful counter person who showed me exactly what i needed when i explained the problem . i paid for the food and visited the ( clean ! ) restroom to wash my hands . when i returned to the counter , my food was ready . yes , as another buyer said , its greasy fried chicken . that 's exactly what we order at a kfc . if i had wanted crispy lettuce , i 'd have gone elsewhere . hats off for keeping it real , colonel sanders !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome school for any kid ... i was wondering about my lil one how would he adjust and cave creek montessori did make an amazing difference ... he s presently in mrs.uma class and she is a wonderful teacher..very patient and caring ... am so happy that my toddler is here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two of my daughters have attended ccm , and my third will be there soon . the school is a peaceful , calming place with amazing teachers . my girls are so much more independent now , and i attribute that to the methods used at ccm . also , the community of families is very friendly . i recommend this school without reservation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both of my kids went to preschool here and now they are in high school . i always recommend the school as a great place for kids to get a jump start . my kids excel in school and i think a lot of that has to do with the early education they received at cave creek montessori .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after visiting several montessori schools in our area , cave creek montessori was a stand out winner for us . we felt welcomed from the first moment we stepped through the gate and the warmth and care with which my son was treated won us over immediately . my son has been attending for 9 months and has recently transitioned from ms samantha 's toddler room to ms lakshmi 's preschool room . all of the teachers and support staff have gone above and beyond to make my son , my husband , and me , extremely comfortable . and we 're thrilled with our choice of this school . our son has thrived and the growth in his vocabulary , attentiveness and sociability is better than we 'd hoped . any minor concern we express is addressed immediately and we receive ongoing feedback on his progress . the fact that my son is excited to go to school each day and smiling when we pick him up is a testament to how great this school is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3 year daughter had been attending montessori for about a year . but her favorite attraction is not the playground or the kids ; it is the goat and horse . of course , she loves miss lauren , who is a wonderful teacher and loves the kids . and believe me , as someone who teaches for a living , i am really fussy ! owners roy and cathy take a personal interest in every one of the kids . my only issue was when we first signed up we were kind of lost . but that was soon corrected and since then i have been happy . no drama when i have been late picking her up . and always a big smile when they say hi . the learning is based on following by example . classrooms are full of training aids and these actually are used . at her previous school they had great looking toys and aids , but they stayed and looked brand new . mmmm . last of all i love the structure and motivation approach . great place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all three of our kids went there from toddler room to kindergarten . what a great experience for us and our kids . they loved it at ccm as did we . having a place , as parents , that you are confident in a great learning experience that allows you kids to have fun as well is very comforting ! thanks for everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all three kids have gone through the program . our oldest two have moved on and are doing well academically and socially . i believe ccm was the key ! we have one more year left at ccm with our third child and still plan to stay involved with the school even after she graduates . thank you for doing such a great job with our kids !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i enjoy browsing the literature in the library , but i also come here to get culture passes for museums and gardens in the metro area . while the exterior design of the building is a bit puzzling , the location is very convenient - it is found along the circumferential road around the metrocenter mall and parking is never a problem . the library is spacious and well-lit , and the staff is friendly and very helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've spent a lot of time studying here recently for a pretty crazy test . it 's not the biggest library but it 's the most convenient for me ( right on the way home from work ) . they 've got some comfy chairs and a great selection of movies and cds as well . all that being said , what has happened to our library system these days ? ? ? i feel like nobody respects it anymore and people talk on their phones , scream at their kids and have incredibly personal conversations at a loud volume in the study areas . i wish the public library system would hire me and give me a nerf bat to beat overly loud strangers with .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of new books ! their claim to fame besides the futuristic look mentioned by erin , is really their new book selection . you 'll often find books recently mentioned in the press . it 's all self-check out but that 's pretty much the name of the game now-a-days . just keep in mind when standing in line to check out or speak with guest services to `` follow the yellow brick road . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this library for years and i must say they have improved a lot . it has 2 floors which they alot for various age groups . they have a section for little kids that includes a play room for babies and toddlers , section for teens , and adults as well . they have reading program for little kids as well . they also have the ff : computers , cd dvd audiobooks , manga section , news magazines . they also have a meeting room that they rent out with reservations for $ 10 hr , and 2 study room for thise who 'd want to use it for a study group . overall , this place is still my fave library !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this library - it 's spacious , easy to find what you are looking for , has ample seating areas and table space , and has a great kid 's area with computers . i have never had a hard time getting information on had to wait long to speak with someone at the information desk . everyone i have encountered has been knowledgeable and friendly . my kids like to use the computers and when we are the only ones using them , they automatically extend their time so they can continue to play . the location always has a great selection of culture passes available . i have had the best luck earlier in the day , of course , but even later in the day there has been a decent selection . the only drawback to this location are the transients that are hanging around inside and out . the staff keep watch to make sure that people are not up to no good , but i have yet to see anyone who is loitering be approached . it 's a possibility that staff is not allowed to but , i 'm not sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy futuristic library batman ! i think because my mom is a librarian i have a homing device for any and every library in every city i travel to . i just stumble upon them . i came upon this branch as i wandered aimlessly through the metro center mall parking lot getting ogled and sweating like a leaky fire hydrant ( mmm imagery ! ) . i asked about a guest pass to use the computers and was given a full use library card by a very friendly gentleman , whom , while he knew i was only here for a week , proceeded to detail the entire functionings of his branch and the other regional branches . he was enthusiastic so i did n't try to stop him . the library is all bright yellows , reds and shiny steel . there are cool twists and turns of architecture and design and the computer equipment is very current and all of the staff members offered help since i looked so bedraggled . if i did n't have tourist 's guilt about actually going out and doing something , i would have stayed there all day reading .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great branch and location but there are always a ton of screaming kids there . i miss the days when librarians would shush people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was one place i loved as a kid and i 'm grateful it 's still here for my kids : ) it 's always been a great library and the building itself has always been really cool looking : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the library of my childhood ... it was an experience in wide open spaces , lots of walking , and books tucked away on shelves that were anything but crowded . beautiful building and a memorable experience . i do miss , however , the libraries of the past ... with crowded aisles , shelves ready to burst with too many books , old card catalogues , and librarians waiting for your questions . must admit , though , it was gorgeous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this library and if they do n't have it they will find it for you . the staff is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in quite a few libraries and thus one rates high on the scale . the staff is helpful and charming . the books , cd 's , pcs and reading study areas are well organized . its clean , even the bathroom , and considering they get the homeless people ( like a lot if libraries ) that 's a plus . the architecture is industrial punk meets silo america . lots of eye appeal in a stark , raw way . i rarely find a misparked book , so they must work real hard at careful reshelving . they have a new checkout program which tells you how much money you saved by borrowing the books instead of buying them . we know ! they 're closed on friday but have extended evening hours on tuesday , wednesday , thursday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have sent glass for repair but not received it back . my payments were refunded through credit card protection . i later found a lot of customers disappointed . this marc bruening glassworks should be shut down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company does not return phone calls . i called and left a voice message regarding a broken window in my home . obviously that is a serious concern for many people . you would expect at a minimum for the company to respond . even if the job is too small or outside the scope of what they do . a thirty second phone call seems does not seem too much to ask ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my review is zero . this is the worst service that i have ever received in my life . i gave him two small cruets to fix . it took him over a year . i even had to return one and it took another three months . i called or emailed him at least 50 times and he would not respond . i left messages and he was either not in or never responded . absolutely the worst business man that i have ever dealt with . at one point he offered to refund my money . i told him yes refund it ... ..of course he did not . he deserves no stars . actually he does ... .he deserves minus 5 stars . if you never want to see your crystal again ... be sure to send it to this guy ... ... ..i could go on and on and on ... .it was that bad ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just today i received a well-packaged box containing 5 waterford glasses that needed repair of chips on the rims . i had a very positive experience with this company- marc was great , receptionist was fine , and the quality of work was exceptional ! initially , i called to get a price quote ; bruening was fair and less than another company checked . i was given an approximate time ( 6 weeks ) that the work would be completed . to my surprise , it was shipped 2 weeks early ! the stemware was so adeptly repaired , that it is difficult to tell them from all my other pieces . nothing but an a+ from me ... i would highly recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a horrible experience ! i have never seen anything as dishonest as the practices of this business . they ( marc and brian ) have no shame . my husband and i have contacted them countless times by phone and email . on the rare occasions when they answer the phone they make promises that they will `` look into it '' and `` call back '' or `` ship out my glass any day '' but it 's been over a year and still nothing . although i paid 1 2 up front ( and it was a lot of $ ) at this point i just want my glass piece back , even if it is not repaired . the piece has sentimental value as my husband and i purchased it in italy on our honeymoon . i wish i had been more thorough in my research about this business before i sent this glass piece to them . please ... .. if you are considering sending them anything to repair ... . do n't do it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not one to write a review and wanted to share my experience with marc on repairing a family heirloom glass cake stand . i live in the area and personally visited bruening glass , i explained my concern and he did a fantastic job repairing my treasured item . it was repaired in a timely manner and i had a pleasant experience . marc called me to follow up which i so appreciated his concern and his workmanship was excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "total disappointment compared to the old location . the beef ribs were good , but $ 9 per bone ? ? ? the dirty rice was unedible . completely mush and sitting in a pool of grease . was excited to have one near my house , but will not go back to this location again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good ! ! ! glad to have a good bbq spot on our side town ! we had the meatloaf ( as featured in food network ) ... pulled pork sandwich ... .2 meat combo with pulled pork and hot links ... .brisket 3 ways ... .let 's not forget the sides ... mac and cheese ... .greens ... .potato salad and baked beans ! all really good pork was a little dry but had some moist pieces . we will be back ... .please stay consistent ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic old school bbq ! saves us the drive of heading to the industrial location behind the strip of the original . ca n't go wrong with anything they have . great sides and even better bbq !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was great . i asked for recommendations amd everything the girl said was good was awesome ! will be coming back ! the collard greens and hush puppies are a must . my husband got the 3 ways of brisket and that was also delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered from the wrong location and showed up to this store to pick up my order . they apologized for the mix up , called the other store to confirm my order , put a rush on it and then took care of the bill . all of this while there was a line out the door . i was incredibly impressed with the customer service and the bbq was outstanding . it was my first time trying either location and i will definitely be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as soon as i walked into this place i felt so welcome ! i could n't get over how the owners momma was sitting a table over from my girlfriend and i talking to another couple like they were long time friends she even offered them to try some of her food ! you do n't see that very much.. the staff was so amazing and very friendly the come out and talk to the customers ! not to mention the food is amazing ! ! i love this place and will definitely be coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great new location near 215 and flamingo . awesome bbq and excellent service . be sure to try the corn nuggets and the delicious fatty brisket ! ! ! ! the only negative thing i can think of was that it was quite hot eating inside ... .must have been 85 degrees inside . other than the ac , this place is a must go !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the meatloaf ! ! ! ! it 's the best and ca n't be beat . i typically hate meatloaf , but something about smoked meatloaf with brisket and pork just made me want to try it . happy i did ! we also got chicken that was moist and has excellent flavor . the mac & cheese , hush puppies , and peach cobbler was also on point . we will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my roommate and i have been here twice now , and we 've been super impressed ! the first time we went we got the five meat sampler which includes ribs , brisket , chicken , pulled pork and hot links ! my favorites were the chicken and pulled pork , while my roommate preferred the brisket and ribs . as for sides we got mashed potatoes , mac and cheese , yams and added cornbread ! my roommate had nothing but good things to say about the yams and i loved their mac n cheese ! best of all is their service . the employees are all awesome and make the experience a great one ( it 's just one of the reasons we decided to come back ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bbq ! ! love the 3 meat combo plate . great flavors & quality food . the sides are excellent too . very homemade & fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to love this place because it was affordable , accessible ( close to where i live ) , and had a large selection of colours ... but , compared to similar places like spring nails or tips and toes ( both on bloor ) , tiffany nails is just your average nail salon in toronto . why ? 1 ) i am disappointed to say my pedicure is already chipped : ( 2 ) although i did n't have to wait when i arrived for my appointment , the whole process took over an hour ! not to say i wanted a rushed job either , but a pedicure that lasts over an hour should n't already be chipping either ! i had high hopes for this place especially since there are n't a lot of places that does nails along st. clair ( at least none that i know of ) but i will definitely not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we picked this our based on yelp reviews for nail salons near us after breakfast at emma 's country kitchen . it was definitely a great decision . a women there told us it 's one of the cleanest nail places in toronto ( although slightly confused how we ended up there because it does n't seem like a happening area ) . it 's well priced and well done . they did some awesome nail art ( see pics ) and were very friendly and professional . my sisters and i all left very happy and one even thinks it was her best mani ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went on the advice of fellow yelpers and the reviews you posted . i was n't disappointed in the least ! thanks everyone ! i had a manicure and pedicure for $ 35 , this included : polish removal , cut and file , a nice little exfoliating scrub , lotion , short-mini massage , and new polish- what more do you want for $ 35 for a mani and pedi ? ? the salon was impeccably clean , well organized , and had more than enough colours to chose from . it 's right on the tram line , the stop at or just after st. clair and bathurst . i 'll be going back for more soon , hope to see you there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love that this salon is close to my house . i 've never had a problem waking in and getting a mani pedi right away . they are super diligent about their quality of shellac which is what keeps me coming back . my last mani lasted 3 weeks ! also had my waxing done here a few times and they go above and beyond .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a prime example of amazing customer service ! sweet , knowledgeable and accommodating staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent ! very clean , affordable , and friendly staff that do a great job ! plus the massage chairs make everything better . ca n't wait to go back for another spa day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot to get your nails done on st. clair that is clean , friendly and well priced . compared to the other nail salons that i tried on st. clair i found this one to be the best service , great mani pedi and the cleanest . ask about their rewards program and you can get a free paraffin wax : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice salon but typical of most assembly line nail shops . i did n't have any connection with the ladies and my negative review is regards to the fact that they use the jacuzzi tubs which is absolutely gross . think about it , i do n't want to bath in the previous clients athletes foot water .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been coming to tiffany nails for over 6 months and i must say , this place is prob one of the best nail salons i have been to in a while ! ! especially in the st. clair west area ! all of the staff are extremely friendly & talented at what they do , and most of them take their time to perfect their work ! i have never had a bad experience . they also provide clients with client stamp cards , if you fill up your card you receive a free paraffin treatment or eyebrow waxing ! ! great lil treat : ) 10 10 ... thank you tiffany nails for making my nails look fantastic all the time ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is close to st.clair west station , only a five minute walk west past bathurst . -m", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a joke . i have been several times and every time the manicure lasts maybe 2 days . their shellac lasted me 5 days before chipping . and to top it off , they made me bleed last time i was there . why do i keep going back ! ! ? they 're like a bad ex boyfriend that you never learn your lesson with the first 5 times . no more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible pedicure . went with my daughter and granddaughter . they have a sweet little pink butterfly chair for kids . my technician was awful . i 'm sure he was n't trained . only cut my nails on one foot ! i do n't think he could understand what i was saying . he said `` short '' . & i said `` not too short '' . no cream , no massage . he used a pumice bar for exfoliating . he did paint them well . it was really a minimal polish change . my daughter paid . $ 25 . charged the same for kids mani pedi ! would n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i normally get my shellac manicure here with may however i made a big switch to bio gel extension recently from another salon downtown , it was an okay job but tiffany nail salon is incomparable from the others , specifically michelle- she is fantastic , she is very thorough , the best bio gel refill service i ever had . i highly recommend this salon . they are always accommodating and lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we booked an appointment an hour earlier and they took us in right on time . fiona has great at making sure the length were all even on both hands by comparing each finger with the other hand . we took her time and did a great job on my uv gel nails . i will definitely go back and book another manicure or pedicure with her . very happy with the final piece .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a shellac manicure . pleasant experience , i 'm very picky when it comes to nails but they look perfect . will be returning", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has changed so much and sadly not for the better . my nails chip in a day and the condition of the manicure never looks good anymore . the girl who first did my nails has moved on long ago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place . been here a few times and they always do a fantastic job on my nails . michelle did my shellac manicure today and its the best my nails have ever looked ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to love this place . i have had amy three times now , everytime since the first , i give her the benefit of the doubt . she does n't speak english , she doesnt listen obviously due to this . she files and clips way to much , applies shellac in the worst possible way , in which it leaves bumps at edges of nail . i have had black applied before with only two layers . she did three . honestly my head felt like it would explode every single nail she painted . it took an hour to do my nails", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no frills : this place is simple . if you 're looking for an extravagant , relaxing spa experience , this is not the place to go . if you are looking for a quick , quiet mani pedi , then i 'd highly recommend tiffany ! they 're fairly clean , and their shellac is only $ 30 . there 's not much of a massage , but i 'm not big on the whole massage thing anyway ... so it 's not a big deal . the staff are pretty friendly and courteous to customers . the shellac selection is pretty good and they also do biogel for $ 55 ( or $ 65 with shellac ) . i 've also had my upper lip waxed here before . the technician was very gentle and i could barely feel a thing ! for every 5 visits , you get a free eyebrow waxing or hand treatment . be sure to grab a card on the way out . i 'm a regular customer here and i have n't had a bad experience yet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just walked in and got an appointment 1 2 hour later on a busy saturday . we got the pedi with 15 minute massage for $ 35 ( taxes included ) . my pedicurist was very nice and did a great job clipping and painting my nails . the foot massage was n't bad . though , next time , i may save the $ 10 and get the pedi for $ 25 instead . it was n't that the massage was bad , but i just do n't think i need it . they give you a stamp card so if you do 5 services , you can get an eyebrow waxing or paraffin treatment . place is very clean . definitely will be coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lately tiffany nails has unfortunately gone downhill . my manicures chip same or next day , and even when you make an appointment you 're stuck waiting . it really sucks - i loved this place . pedicures are also not the best ... . they has been the case on my last 3 visits . i hope this improves , or i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome spot with great prices ! i wanted to tip well but when i paid with the tap there was n't a tip option . the lady left quickly as it was busy but i wanted to tip ! will be bringing cash next time not use tap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really nice place and a welcoming environment . their prices are fair , and the quality of their finished work is very good . the loyalty card is a nice touch , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in for bio-gel overlay , which in my experience should be cured in several thin layers . technician tried to do one thick layer ( which in my experience is very painful during curing ) . i asked her to thin it out , which she did . it looked pretty good in the end however began to peel within a week . she also pulled out a tray of tools that had clearly been used already , even though i was there half an hour after opening . she did switch it out when i pointed it out but i did notice a lack of sanitizing oven autoclave . will not be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the club is rad itself.. the girls are not that great . some staff are cool `` house dad '' but the rest of the staff seemed to be unorganized.. there is no crowd . i hope this club survives ... but vince neil need to promote better . nothing like the original l.a. rock strip clubs like crazy girls or 7th veil . biggest problem is that its a dejavu . business now closed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i say motley you say ... . ? ? ? ? ? went to ggg when partying in vegas , loved it . it was a rock video with great dancers ... . and killer music . my friend an i arrived a little early but that was ok because all the dancers were with us : ) ... drink prices were average.. but ... . the best part ! is meeting and partying with vince neil ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! it was his sons birthday and we all just partied till god knows when ... . all i know is that when i woke up i had a smile from ear to ear ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this club . i 've been to a few over the last 3 years , and this one is in my top two . the girls are n't pushy , they 're actually kinda chill , and i 've seen a lot of talent . they 're pretty , and very diverse in looks ... super skinny , older , thick , curvy ... variety is the spice of life ! my favorite time to go , though , is wednesday nights , for karate karaoke ! strippers dance while you sing , and its open bar and free pizza ! what more can you ask for ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was in vegas for the shot show last week and had some time to spare . i have been to a few clubs in the past and am growing tired if the rap hip hop music that seems to be becoming more prevalent at these clubs . boy was this club a nice change of pace . most of the time they played good old rock and roll . so to have the music i like , along with some very beautiful girls to look at made my night complete . to viktorya and the girls that made the night a blast , a big thank you . to the couple of girls that think you are owed just cause you walk in the door , you got ta earn it to get it . i would definitely visit this place again if i ever found myself back in vegas . keep up the good work vince .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took a visiting friend here for a birthday party . little did we know it was also vince 's birthday . the music kicks ass ! the girls by and large were pretty hot with some sporting tattoos that just merely upped the level of hotness to another level . got to see vince hang out with his friends . saturday there is no cover till 11pm but we had to pay $ 25 to get in as it was a special event . luckily they gave each of us two $ 12 tickets to redeem for drinks . coming from portland , which has more strip clubs than anyplace in america , i 'd say this place does pretty well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "l & l carpet cleaning did a great job ! lucas is really nice and texted me an appointment confirmation and arrived on time . i was worried about the pet stains and black spots from where there 's a lot of traffic in my apartment . he pre-treated and got everything out though ! my carpet is a light color and now looks virtually new . i 'm very happy and will definitely refer them and use them in the future . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l & l carpet cleaning did a great job cleaning the carpets in my home . i found them on groupon and they upheld the deal without trying to upsell me anything ! pre-treatment was included in the base price and i requested deodorizer for one of our rooms . lucas texted me a few hours in advance to make sure we were still on for the appointment . he and his brother arrived 5 minutes early and got straight to work . overall it took a little over an hour to take of all of our carpet ( living room , dining room , 2 bedrooms and hallway ) . the carpet looks almost brand new ! i will definitely use this company in the future ! thank you l & l !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beginning with larissa ( the first part of the l & l team who manages the appointments and follows up with confirmations ) this company is all about customer service . add to this the second half of the l & l team ( lucas and his brother ) and this is a # 1 carpet cleaning company . they are knowledgeable , professional , punctual , and genuine young men . my carpets are 100 % better ! i not only will be using them again , i will be referring them to my family , friends , and neighbors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "l & l did a great job with my carpets and i will def be using them again and referring them to friends ! they were very nice and professional both on the phone and in person . larissa confirmed my appointment as well as followed up with me afterwards to make sure i was satisfied with everything . lucas did a great job by arriving on time ( and actually had to wait for me because i was late ) , got everything done in about an hour , and was very friendly the whole appointment regardless the fact that i made him wait . i used a coupon as well and they honored it without trying to upcharge me anything . overall a great experience and looove my carpets again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love the feel of this place.. even better then the last time , apparently . it 's very spacious and comfortable and i love the large communal tables . everything is clean and well laid out . there are many coffee options and food options as well . today 's was popping in for a quick jolt of caffeine and so o ordered the noisette ... basically a flat white . it is nice and hot and just enough coffee and milk . recommend and would return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of the reviews for this place are totally uncalled for . so who cares that this is located on a student campus ? if you prefer watered down coffee and long line-ups that will surely stress you out before class -- be my guest and go to the nearest tim hortons , or the campus starbucks station . they surely do n't change their prices based on location . balzac 's coffee roastery is a beautiful coffee shop , with plenty of seating and plugs for your computer phone charger . it feels very parisian and i love the atmosphere . the lattes are not my no . 1 in the city , but they are good . i love the bourbon vanilla red tea and the gluten free almond cookies . beats studying at the library any day , and if you 've been to the ryerson library -- you know exactly what i mean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this cafe . the staff are friendly , the parissiene fog is delicious ( and they 're happy to make it with almond milk which wins extra points for me ) , and the big tables are perfect for meeting studying people watching . i 'm so happy i work nearby and can take a little stroll down to balzac 's for a late afternoon pick-me-up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never went to balzac 's when i was a student at ryerson . it was always busy and packed with students and non-students . i 'd rather go to other cafes where i had more space . recently i caught up with a friend at the cafe who was still a ryerson student and worked by yonge and dundas , making it a convenient meeting place . i arrived sometime at 2 pm and as expected , it was crowded . i was lucky enough to grab a seat when a table freed up just in time . i decided to try the parisian mist because it sounded interesting . i liked the drink because it was sweet on its own if i recalled correctly . balzac 's is a lovely cafe and each location has its own vintage designed poster ( which you can check out here ) . however , expect the ryerson location to be constantly busy for most of the time . i do n't recommend trying to meet up here during peak hours .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good , but unremarkable . it 's unfortunate that such a prime campus location is occupied by a mediocre coffee chain . i 've given this place a few chances because i wanted it to work out between us , but the drinks and the vegan baked goods are too disappointing for it to be recommended . good size space if you like to sit and study in a loud public place though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think that would be my go to spot for the weekends if i want a good coffee and to get away from the crowds downtown . i like the environment . it has a certain ... style . it 's not perfect , but it 's not bad either . they have a decent selection , but their espresso is fresh , and way better than most other places i go to . i also love the fact you can sit outside without cars passing by . it reminds me of europe in that aspect . their staff is friendly , too ! like i said , it might not be the best overall , but it 's certainly a hidden gem in the heart of downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee , cute 1930s decor . also , a huge plus with ryerson university being nearby which means , yay ! no cars ! sitting outside ! there is n't any a c but i 'm sure in the winter this makes for a great place to sit , even though it 'll probably be packed with students studying . i recommend the massive ginger molasses cookie . might be a little pricey for students , but i do n't mind paying this price for their iced coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good coffee & patio ! the only down fall would be their wifi connection sucks . it was hard to browse websites or do any online research :", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good coffee right across from ryerson university . lots of college crowds studying and hanging out . the americano and ice latte was nice with a rich coffee taste . staff is very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great addition to the area - fantastic coffee - i wish they would keep the patio chairs out all winter - like in paris or at least until it snows .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the very best coffee places in toronto , and canadian-owned and operated at that . i love the ryerson location for their spacious seating area . staff take their coffee seriously while not being arrogant about it . they also have a delicious lemon-maple hot beverage which is great for the over-caffeinated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice dark roast , the environment is really great , i lobe the set up of their cafe , i had a turkey sandwich and it was more like a mayo sandwich yuck . not impress with food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the dark roast and the coffee was watery . i 'm having a sip right now and it tastes like tim horton 's regular coffee . my friend and i only came because the starbucks on campus was closed and i am very disappointed . the coffee shop seemed so promising but the prices and quality do n't deliver . the other negative point is that there are close to no electrical outlets . for their door to advertise `` charging available '' and then have close to no accessible plugs is unacceptable . the environment is nice with decor , furniture and music . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been a regular customer of balzac 's since they opened their doors some 12-odd months ago . they offer up a nice selection of drip coffees , including organic and fairtrade options ( note : fair trade is widely acknowledged as nothing more than a feel-good scam ) , and best of all they provide good quality organic milk for their self-serve jugs . their prices are reasonable , and they give a discount for reusable mugs . their staff are friendly and they also have a wide selection of hipstery-brand foods ( i have not tried any , so i ca n't comment on that ) . unfortunately they make terrible espresso-based coffee . everytime i 've bought a cappucino from here it 's been horrible ; they do n't appear to train their staff in how to use the espresso machine . but , since it 's impossible to get a good cappucinno from any chain store in canada , i ca n't really hold that against them . you come here for the drip coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee is good and the staff are nice , but this place is too expensive for a campus coffee shop ! $ 5 for a latte is excessive anywhere and is crazy expensive for students .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing smalls and delicious drinks ! i have the harvest spice latte which was absolutely the best autumn themed latte ever ! and i had it during winter , muhahaha ! ! it 's super cozy in here and a great place to grab something to go or to sit and even study with friends . : ) it does get busy so do n't expect it to be quiet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location in the downtown ryerson campus . the first thing we noticed when walking in is that there is plenty of seating , especially some very long tables where many of the students huddle together with their laptops which is cool . there is also a great patio area outside . the service was really good but the coffee was ok , it was not as flavorful as i would have expected . the thing i loved most is how it was off the downtown toronto beaten path and gives you a more relaxing option than many of the brand name cafes nearby . on a high level , decent coffee , great staff , and atmosphere so i would no doubt be back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time at balzac 's coffee ! i like that it 's not overly crowded , very spacious . my boyfriend and i tried the organic hot chocolate , it was delicious ! we 're fans when it comes to organic beverages . i wish their bakery selection were better , which is why i 'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't really pinpoint one thing that i love here . it 's kind of a go-to in the winter months if i am out getting groceries and want something hot . the service is never great here . always lacklustre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here recently for a job interview and the place is just so cute . it 's very 1920 's 30 's , almost felt like i should be ordering an ice-cream float instead . smells really good . i ordered an americano and the top came out to be so , so , so creamy . loved it ! it 's a great atmosphere with the big long tables . it feels almost communal . the prices are average for any higher-end coffee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super super busy . staff is friendly and service is quick . if you want a table ... hover awkwardly ? personally more of a starbucks junkie , so if i 'm going to spend the money on something else , if like it to be magical , which this was not . it was nice to have lactose free options , and latte art is always so awesome , but my latte was n't super hot nor particularly memorable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic coffee . some of the best i 've had . who would have thought that `` a university coffee shop '' would be so good , and the location and parking are convenient . the snacks could be better . above average , but not as mind-blowing as the latte i had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location for ryerson students and a pleasant , bright place to study with a coffee . the drinks and food are great - the ham and mustard pastry is my favourite - and the staff are for the most part friendly . the only reason i have n't given five stars is because some items can be quite pricey .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here today - absolutely loved my americano . definitely one of the best i 've had in the city . the staff were just lovely and it was fantastic how they offered to pour the hot water for my americano in for me as i watched , so i could direct them about how strong or weak i wanted it . there was a great selection of drinks and baked goods , and prices were good . i already ca n't wait to try another of their americanos - i 'm devastated that there 's no balzac 's location close to where i live or work : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful muffins , great coffee , lattes and teas . gorgeous cafe , decor is different and has a really nice vibe . baristas are generally nice and friendly . free wifi and charging . definitely recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice addition to ryerson university . the atmosphere is great . however no ac inside just fans . the tile floors are stunning . even though the service is good . there seems to be an error almost with every visit . cream has gone bad , drink prepared differently than requested when ordered , or gift cards ca n't be reimbursed due to a glitch in the system . however the matters are dealt with politely . i roastery would get a better rating , if they found a better way to communicate the order to the barista .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ice coffee is great , decor is great , coffee by the pound is great . lovely old-time vibe ... perfect spot for studying", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to go to balzac 's out of sheer convenience and its location on the ryerson campus . now , i find myself coming here everyday . again because of its convenience but also because i have started to crave their farmer 's blend coffee . i usually come between classes to sit and read a book . it 's always busy in here . sometimes its hard to find a spot , but being alone i usually luck out . as a result of the busyness , it is also quiet loud in here . do n't expect a quiet little coffee shop . i would n't suggest doing heavy studying . the staff is always super friendly and always greet you with a smile .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing coffee for a reasonable price . unfortunately you 'll never be able to get a good seat here ! it 's right on campus so expect a lot of students to be studying at any given hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice parisien art deco ambiance in the heart of ryerson campus my friend and i checked out balzac a couple of days ago for tea & cider . the venue is brand new , i do n't even recall seeing a sign . it has a parisien bistro art deco feel with the tile and decor . there is a large seating area inside , with small tables for intimate catch ups over coffee . we sat out on the mini patio outside , it was nice to sit back and people watch as people walked through the campus area . my tea was served in a tea pot , nothing unique but hit the spot . my friend enjoyed her hot cider . nice service as the barista actually brought the cider out to us , just as we were ready to go in to pick it up . the prices seemed in line with other high-end coffee shops . they had a bunch of sweets & i 'm sure salty items ; we only stuck to the beverages . looking forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pumpkin spice latte is made of real pumpkin . considering that balzac is one of the first cafes to use real pumpkin in pumpkin latter ( ahem starbucks ) , it is definitely one of the best place to get this specialty drink . their baked goods on the other hand , are not as great as their drinks . it 's likely sourced at a great place , however , i felt the croissant and scone can be fresher . my companion and i both agreed it may have sat there for more than a day . regardless , it was a positive experience . the rustic decor , multiple charger and large tables make it a great spot to recharge your phone , work and meet up with a friend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to this place to grab a coffee . the place is very nice and organized . this is the best feature of the place it got a unique environment which it provide with the special chairs . the place is pricy for the quality for the coffee they serve . the coffee is strong but when i asked for caramel shot the guy said we charge 1 dollar for that which pisses me off it is just one shot why does it have to be so expensive . i will suggested to go to starbuck or second cup for coffee this place is good to have a seat and relax .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the coffee here is fantastic . i especially love the maple latte , but anything is a great pick-me-up . obviously , considering the location , it is frequented by ryerson students , so keep that in mind . but there is plenty of seating , with a lot of natural light , and staff is super friendly . very easy environment conducive to doing work . the only downfall , in my opinion , is that the snacks and baked goods are not great . i find them too greasy they make me feel like i need to go to the gym immediately .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by their office this morning just to gather information pertaining to blepharplasty . i was greeted with the most rude front office personnel i have ever encountered ( young woman ) . older one on computer just smiled and sat there . i thought it was just me , but based on other 's review , i am not alone ! his office was crammed with patients , but i wo n't be one if them . no excuse for this type of behavior . wise up , dr. chen !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely ca n't stand this place . my fianc\u00e9 had to come in to get a small eye procedure done . the front desk staff is absolutely horrendous . both ladies we have dealt with have been absolutely awful and in-personable . crabby and snappy for no reason . they split this 5 minute procedure into 2 different visits and we both have now had to miss 2 days of work because `` they only do procedures on friday '' . how about telling people that before they take the day off and drive 40 miles each way in traffic to your office in north bfe scottsdale . oh and if you 're hoping that doctors chen will explain what needs to be done , stop hoping , because it wo n't happen . he just rambles .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr chen is very patient and careful . he is very knowledgeable too . kathy is a jewel , my skin glowed after she was done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great program . i normally shy away from organizations because of how much their ceos take or what actually gets distributed to the people in need vs what does n't . this group seams to be pretty right on with doing the right thing . they actually bag food meals for people . obviously there is money somewhere that goes here there or comes in and out but you have an opportunity to prepare meals that you know will get in the hands of people who need it . that 's a pretty solid feeling . i do and prefer doing a lot to help local people and organizations . even though this organization helps out other countries , i do enjoy working with this outfit . i fee their hearts are in the right place and the program they run really feels good to the heart .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went as part of a group , thinking that we were packing boxes , like they do at a food bank . we had no idea that we would receive a hard sell about donations and shown pictures of starving children . i think that our 1.5 hours spent there would have been better spent with all of those hours making packaged food , instead of 60 % of the time spent listening to spiels and asked for donations . i am sure that this is all for a good cause , but allow us to work and politely ( and only once - for a couple of minutes - not an hour ) ask for monetary donations . gift shop had a couple of neat items for sale . it would have also been nice to have had literature ( instead of our precious time taken up with videos slide show ) that should the breakdown of how much money actually went to the actual cause .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a terrific place if you want to do some good in the world and young volunteers can have meaningful impact as well . i 've been here with youth as well as work colleagues and it 's always well organized and very productive . the team here knows what they are doing , are friendly , helpful , and effective . they can easily accommodate large groups of volunteers and have a fantastic process that makes the work fun and engaging . donations are requested but i 've never found it to be a hard sell and the seeing the video of what impact your work is having is an important connection point . the shop has some unique and interesting items and it 's good to know that purchasing these goods helps create employment opportunities for others so they can become self-sufficient . a great organization all the way around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking to volunteer or a way to give this is an experience you wo n't want to miss ! ! my kids beg to go ! i love them to have these types of experiences -- and the good feelings that come with giving . i love the stories of the children we are helping . make sure to sign up online to reserve a spot ! it 's most fun if you take a big group . be sure to arrive on time so you can sign in and receive your instruction ! then you go to work ! lastly , you get to hear the backstory of a child you 're helping and you get to hear about how much your entire group packaged ! a optional prayer is said over the food & you are free to donate , shop in the unique gift area or head home ! i promise this is an experience you do n't want to miss ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great opportunity . if you get the chance , you should go volunteer a few hours of your time here ! we had a group of 50 and we all enjoyed our time packing food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite charities ... i mean i love food , and how awesome is it to give back by feeding children all over the world . this place is very organized and they just opened a new and improved location in mesa . i feel like this location is more accessible than their old one , and bigger too . i love the time i spend when i volunteer here . the volunteers and team leaders have great energy . the also play awesome music during the packing portion of the event . and a little competition never hurts anyone ; ) my table packed 14 boxes when we were last there ! so awesome , as a whole we packed 100 boxes to feed 59 kids . it is such an awesome experience for a more awesome cause ! definitely will be back soon ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome way to give back ! they are very clean , organized and driven to feed starving children world wide . great date night idea . excellent program .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally would not give a negative review to any business even if i had a bad experience because i figure they deserve another chance but i have to say that anyone who 's even considering volunteering at this facility needs to know that they will be expected to make a $ 50 donation to cover the cost of the food they will pack in the box being sent over seas to feed the children . they also stated that if you could not afford to give that much money you should consider doing without something so you could pay the $ 50 . why do i sense a scam here ? ? #", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a lot of fun ! we went with a group of friends , everyone could pick out what kind of work they wanted to do and there was friendly competition among tables . great presentation on where the food boxes go and nice gift shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the second time i participated . they have moved to a nice spacious building . we went with friends and enjoyed packing meals for others . it is a great way to help others when we have been so blessed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful new facility ! we 've volunteered at the tempe location many many times . so happy for their growth to reach even more kids ! perfect place to volunteer for a few hours for the whole family ! no experience necessary , just show up and they 'll tell you all you need to know . after one session you 'll be an expert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great opportunity that package food for this organization with my family . they had tasks for all ages . the staff was so helpful and friendly- you can tell they believe strongly in their cause and love the children the food will help . they made me a believer ! will definitely go back- a rewarding experience for us and the children it helps .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great place to volunteer with your family ! ! we had a great time and they make it really fun to be at . my 7 and 10 year old especially loved it and ca n't wait to go back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please volunteer , donate , show up and do something selfless for someone whocant help themselves . this place is amazing ! i took my kids and they loved it . we will be volunteering as much as we can . this place really has taken a step towards making a difference and i applaud that all day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an awesome charity and an amazing experience . the atmosphere is fun , the work is incredibly organized , and the hosts are passionate and personable . of course , the cause is amazing , and their solution is downright novel ! i hope they have night events . i can see this being a cool way to spend an evening giving back while having fun . i am also going to be giving here , as they are incredibly efficient with the donations they get ( 91 % goes directly to feeding starving children ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place.. just went today and the fact that they feed all kids is just amazing.. love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great place ! my kids loved it and even my husband had a great time ! we loved hearing the stories about kids that were blessed by the food that has been packed previously . it was very eye opening to my kids to see the conditions that others live in and the trials they have been given , it made them realize how blessed we are and also made such an impact on their desire to serve and help others in need . we will for sure be back ! the staff was great and so very kind !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by to pick up some fabric for a project . not a bad store , they have a lot of fabric in stock ( unfortunetly not the one i needed ) . they also sell craft , sewing , candy making supplies . i would recommend this location if you happen to be in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't think of anything particularly exceptional about this location ; it 's tidy and well stocked . during my most recent trip i thought that the cashier had a bit of an attitude ; not towards me , but to the people she checked out before i got to her . to her defense it seems like everyone was giving her a hard time about coupons and prices ... such is retail . i am a very patient person , so long lines do n't really bother me but everyone else in line was ahuffin ' & apuffin ' and complaining . overall there was just a negative vibe to my whole experience but it would n't stop me from going back when i need some fabric .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food coma . i would give it 3 stars except it was my dad 's favorite place for breakfast . i took the little dudes here to experience `` grandpa 's breakfast '' and we all ordered the english breakfast . aka , how many ways can you fry shit . eggs , sausage , fried bread and `` potato scones '' . wth are potato scones ? they 're like hash browns made from potato paste . pure gut bomb . their `` fried bread '' is just that . bread tossed in a pan of hot butter . holy moly it was good ! overall , your standard small town diner kinda place . it has a certain charm . most of the people coming in are locals friends of the staff . everyone 's friendly . there was a flier up on the door inviting any and all to someone 's birthday party . my boys thought it would have been funny to show up . nuthin ' fancy . not bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the epitome of small town independent cafe diner : friendly owners staff , good food , even better prices ! we came on an aug sun afternoon prior to a play at apt in spring green . we totally enjoyed our leisurely meal and chat with the owners . do try the homemade cream puffs for only $ 2 - rival the wisc state fair 's ! ! most of their dinners are under $ 15 and their lunches and breakfasts much less . our party of 4 was totally satisfied with each of their meals . very good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally made it to luckenbooth cafe ' for breakfast . it was delicious breakfast comfort food . i had the smallest order of the biscuit and gravy breakfast . it had hash browns and cheese underneath the gravy . really good . my friend had the breakfast burrito which she said was delicious . nice portion sizes and great prices . very friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i placed an order set for delivery . it 's been over an hour and a half since then and my order is still not here . i called the restaurant and was told that the driver is almost here , but whoever i spoke with then asked if i wanted him to put a few extras in . i mean , thanks for the kind gesture for it being late , but does n't that mean my order still has n't left the restaurant ? ! if you order from here , i suggest you pick it up yourself . delivery is not worth waiting that long for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our desserts were delivered incredibly late and our strawberry cheesecake had a strawberry with mold ! ! ! ! the red velvet cake was torn apart and their `` delicious '' donut tasted like a cold bagel with syrup ... not impressed . i gave two stars because the server and delivery guy were super sweet ... i ca n't say the same for their desserts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the man who works this is charming , funny , and loves his sweets . they have a god variety is desserts that will catch anyone 's eye who is trying to just walk by . in the middle of courtyard at town square shopping center , it is worth your time and money . not super cheap but not expensive either . about $ 5 for a slice of cake or pie . 5 cookies for $ 3 . cookies are a little small for that price . but everything was tasty . best part is that he delivers for grub hub , eat and more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late night in our hotel , we needed delivery . ordered feta salad and meta salad and were n't expecting much . we were just hungry and too lazy to leave our hotel room and how good can delivery be ? what a surprise ! delivery took longer than expected , but we figured it would be like that . it 's christmas week and traffic is a disaster . the gent who delivered was so apologetic and a great guy . but , the salads ... wow wow wow ! i 've had salads in 5 star restaurants that were n't this good . the preparations were fresh and flavorful and we loved the feta cheeses ! the shrimp on one salad and the chicken on the other were perfectly cooked . next time we 'll have to order some other items ! we ordered through grub hub . bravo baby lou ! thanks ! we 've still eating leftovers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best i 've ever had . i 've had many cakes and pies in my life but i have to say baby lou 's delights is the best i 've had anywhere . the service was very quick with a happy and cheery atmosphere . they even do deliveries now so i 'm so happy i can get this amazing food at my door step . : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i understand delivery can take some time , but as another customer mentioned in a previous review , an hour and a half is too long . i live 15 mins away from this restaurants and ordered 2 chicken breast turkey sandwiches . nothing too complex . my estimate wait time has been exceeded . i called the restaurant and they advised me that the driver should be pulling up any minute . i am still waiting for my food as i am writing this review . i was excited to see a sandwich place finally delivered in the area , but due to the wait time i will not be ordering here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've tried every single dessert on the menu ... every one ... and nothing has been less than incredible . you must try the caramel crunch cookies ( butter cookies with little chunks of caramel magic ) , the banana pudding and the peach cobbler ... . holy s ! i know my desserts and baby lou 's is the real deal . plus they deliver ? ! ? service always quick and they 're such genuinely kind people . i write very few reviews , but these guys deserve every word . highly , highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "received my order 2 and a half hours later and it was wrong once it was here , will not be a returning customer and i wouldnt recommend it to anyone", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! ! where else can you get your late night sweet attacks satisfied they delivered to my door at 12 midnight ! the delivery guy was great he even put a free cookie with my order and the sweets were to die for ! thanks for accommodating my late night addiction !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1hr 30mins not well worth it . chicken salad dressing too tart . house tea lemon aid not good at all . tea taste bad and lemon aid too strong . when ask they said they were on there way another 5min turned to 15min . with today 's tech and no traffic at midnight i call bullshit on that 5min . and they knew it . for f-ck sake the kid had an iwatch on . worst part was being lied to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just returned from vegas . had to go back to baby lou 's delights ! the food is absolutely delicious ! a must have , when in las vegas . they even deliver .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was delicious but upon taking a bite of cheesecake i found a small rubber disk in it . it was clear and probably a kitchen utensil part . very upsetting . delivery took longer than i was told it would be ( quoted 55-80 min it actually took 96 min ) but the driver was very friendly and explained a substitution they had to make and apologized . she was nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i walked by this stand many times but had never stopped by to check it out . thankfully i did ! i got the peach cobbler and blueberry cheesecake on my first visit . both were completely devoured by my coworker and i ! i was served by a woman and man who were very friendly and professional . they listed their products to me without hesitation while i decided on what to try . i will definitely be back to try out more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cheesecake , great tamales . slow delivery . terrible sandwiches . sandwich tasted like it was old . cookies are super tiny and so are tamales so keep that in mind when ordering . would like to try other items before writing them off though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beware ... i got charged $ 3.00 for this tiny bag of carmel popcorn ... it was delivered and by the time i saw how small it was , it was too late . brownies also kinds of small for $ 3.50 the two stars are for the apple cobbler cheesecake ( $ 5 ) that i already ate and was good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absoultely amazing ! they catered for my friend 's birthday party . the gentleman who owns it is so nice and makes everything from scratch . the minute i bit into the cupcake my taste buds went into euphoria . the vanilla cake was so well made and that flavor mixed in with the buttercream frosting was very easily the best cupcake i 've ever had . although , the cupcake itsself was almost too pretty to eat . i will definitely be using baby lou 's anytime i need a caterer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware of price gauging . first we are told the cookies were 6 for $ 3.00 . his sign says bakers dozen $ 10.00 . we ended up with 12 various cookies and were charged $ 9.00 . the cookies are small and even if we were charged $ 3.00 for 6 cookies that 's pretty pricy for these bite sized cookies . he did give samples by way of splitting a couple of cookies for me and the hubs . the owner was working the kiosk and he 's quite the sales rep fast talker . cookies were tasty but i regret to inform you i have a tummy ache several hours later . ugh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we took a chance despite the reviews on yelp , which i never usually do . ordered $ 11 chicken sandwich , which was soggy , chicken was fried from frozen , terrible . i do n't know what 's worse , how small it was or that is was hard as a brick . tasted like a piece of fried batter . dipping sauce could not be determined . the chicken wings tasted defrosted and doused in hot sauce . the fries were cold and limp , not edible . only good part of the meal was that the cokes were in a can and actually cold .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one word : old school . this bakery is nestled in the italian part of town . not only is it a bakery , but they are a deli , grocery and a cafeteria . they serve great slices of cheese , meats , pizza , subs , and gnocchi . i plan on coming back here to try more of their food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just an addendum : my partner just returned from a trip to italy as said that the canollis he had in naples paled in comparison to this place . they should be called `` la regina di canolli ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a lot of varieties to choose from in general . not impressed by their hot table . small portions , and dry food . lack of flavour . tiramisu was good , not too sweet yet strong espresso flavour to it . i have had much better experience at other italian bakeries in the gta .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this bakery because it brings me back to a time of nostalgia . they still have the old fashion pastries from the 70s that bring back so much memories with just one taste . hot table has a great variety of food . love the pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you happen to find yourself strolling along st clair west between lansdowne and dufferin stop in at tre mari bakery . in the morning , grab a paper and sample the deicious italian pastries and the most delicious cappucino while you settle into the news . at lunch time they have hot table service with pasta 's and caccitore 's but my fave has got to be the mouth watering veal sandwich . folks this is corso italia at it 's finest . when i say that i mean they actually accepted lira here up until the early '90 's . there are no frills , just a few table and chairs coffee shop style , and the rest of the space is deli and bakery . stop in to get the 30 canneloni you need last minute for that baby shower , or grab some procuitto and provolone for a quick sandwich.. go over and snag that freshly baked bun that you could smell from the moment you walked in and you 've got heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you guys ... this place smells amazing . like my italian grandmother 's house . i walked in and it was the first thing i noticed : before the pastries , hot food , or anything else . the pastries were similar to what i have when i visit my grandmother 's little town in italy , and just as amazing . everything is really fresh . there 's a small grocery selection as well in case you need some imported italian pantry supplies . on the hot food front , holy crap . so tasty . i got a meatball sub and for $ 6 got something that tasted perhaps better than the meatballs my grandmother used to make , on really fresh , soft bread . plus , for baking nerds like me , they sell fresh yeast ! ! please do n't tell her i said that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i honestly gained 15lbs over the last 2 years living in the neighbourhood and feasting on the cannolis , the vienna loaves , gelato and their lasagna . and i have no regrets . the brothers that run the place and the staff are amazing ! very friendly and approachable even though the store is packed from the church crowd , you do n't feel rushed by staff and the quality is always great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid italian bakery , deli , and grocery store run by four brothers . my fave items here from the hot table are the arancini , paninis , and pizza . food is fresh and tasty , you can opt to eat in the little cafe or take to go . they also sell various italian grocery items as well as fresh breads and deli meats . loads of different traditional italian pastries and treats . my favourite cannoli are the little chocolate chip ones - yum ! the most recent time we stopped in we tried the gelato panini - really unique , a brioche bread stuffed with your choice of housemade gelato and then grilled - yay ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i came back for the second time because my family decided they wanted another veal sandwich so i brought upon myself the most delicious and scrumptious slice of cheese pizza it was fresh , crispy and homemade and i absolutely loved i did not try the veal sandwich because i 'm a vegetarian but from what i heard and saw everyone seemed to be enjoying it quite well for the second time . i tried the rice ball that was there but out of all the rice balls i 've had this one was not so good and i 've tries quite a lot but overall i highly recommend the pizza the veal sandwich . tres marie bakery has 5 different types of pizza cheese , pepperoni , broccoli , vegetarian , and bacon and onion . love this place ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in for a quick bite while in the area . warm and friendly italian atmosphere full of life . had a latte and grilled veggie panini with prosciutto for a snack plus a cannoli for desert . the cannoli was so good i ended up buying a dozen to take home for a family occasion . p.s . buy a dozen and get one free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here all the time and its an amazing place to get a snack or fresh coffee . this is a place where you can also get amazing choices of charcuteries and cheeses and fresh baked breads and pastries ! ! i always get the pistachio flavored cannoli and also the sorbets are worth trying . it could 've been nice if they have a patio but other than that , they 're a very good place to relax on the weekend with family and friends . will also recommend it for cooked foods on their buffet line if you 're in a rush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been here only 2x for lunch but always exceeds my expectations . food is always fresh and homemade . staff are amazing and pleasant to deal with . whenever i am i the area seeing clients this is my go-to spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nostalgia galore . this is n't your snobbish italian place , it 's your family run , humble , homely , italian place . and that 's the way i like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had great coconut gelato and bought fantastic fresh olive ciabatta loaf . super awesome toasted with butter ! in past visits , the pastries have also been fantastic . even the plain honey doughnuts are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a sudden craving for cannoli the past couple of days and came here because of the reviews and i was n't disappointed . i 'm not a cannoli connoisseur , but the ones that i had were really good and had a good price ( small ones for less than $ 2 ) and they had a big variety of other baked goods . it had a very nice and friendly atmosphere . they had their sections well divided between the deli ( all the cheeses and meats ! ) , breads , baked snacks and the hot food plus an area for sitting down . people working there were delightful . definitely a place i recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "picked up a tiramisu cake and a bunch of canolis for a christmas dinner and man was it awesome . i 'm usually not a fan of tiramisu and i loved it , best stuff i 've ever had . the canolis were nice , fresh , and light tasting . between the 8 inch cake and 13 canolis , only \u00bc of the cake and 3 canolis were left after turducken between 9 people . i call that a success . ca n't recommend this place enough . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure how anyone can think this is quality . the deserts have artificial ingredients and taste awful . the cannoli are among the worst i have tried in toronto . fried shell where you can taste the oil and artificial flavours . go downtown for quality italian pastries .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beat cannoli that i ever had ! ! try the pistachio one , it really die for ! ! the place was not a simple bakery , it has lots of italian fine food , cheese , olive , salami , and gelato in the store . it also provides various kinds of prepared food like pizza , pasta , sandwich and meat balls . all of them are fabulous . the marinate sauce was fresh and delicious , the pizza was not too thin or too thick and the breads were so aromatic . this place was much better than some bakeries in little italy downtown , although it located in the centre of corso italy ( which is actually another italian town of toronto ) . i spent an hour to riding to this place but worth it . i would come back many times for their delicious food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally having the chance to sit in tre mari , the atmosphere in the place is dynamic . the interior showcases its rich history and the delleo grand kids run the bakery as i imagine their grandfather would 've in the 1960 's with minor modern day exceptions ( flat screen tv , new products etc ) my visit today was to sample all the macaroons they make . the 6 i have n't tried blend together to the point you can not detect the different flavours ( so eat one alone ) that is with the exception of the chocolate filled ones which are always amazing , and the pistachio which was to bitter for my taste with the sweet outer shell being an exception . over all the macaroons are definitely not the star of this bakery with the cannoli making for a better treat to accompany a nice cup of espresso .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very old school very delicious italian bakery . lots of atmosphere , a good hot table and great cold cuts and pastries !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the while box of pastries in my picture only cost $ 12.45 because after 6 pastries you do n't pay the tax ! such a great deal ! i doubted it at first , but everyone is right ! the pistachio is the best flavor of cannoli and a definite must try item . it has such a subtle , decadent flavor i really enjoyed without being too sweet . i also ordered a great tiramisu and cream horn ! ca n't wait to come back earlier to snag more cannoli !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic cannoli ! we had pistachio cannoli . it 's crispy and fresh . and the sweetness is just perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pastries everrr . the zeppoles they make at easter are to die for , and the tiramisu is the best i 've ever had ! i only wish they would give you more than a plastic fork and styrofoam plate when you order for here . otherwise it would be 5 stars !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here twice now - once for pastries a year ago and last week to pick up a tiramisu birthday cake . best tiramisu i 've had ! ! you can tell their claims of using real , fresh eggs and dairy are true . you can taste it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite bakery in the city . everything they make is excellent : pastries , breads , gelato , coffee , cakes . i love that it 's a family business being run be the younger generation . they obviously care a lot about their community and it creates a wonderful atmosphere . some highlights are the cannoli , their ring cakes and the olive ciabatta .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! i 've been coming here for years for their cannolis ! my cousins from the states request treats from here since they ca n't find anything like it in pittsburgh . great price for great food . there 's also seating space if you 'd like to pop in for a sit down lunch or snack .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "classic toronto old school italian . great vibe , service and food . hot lunch . great pastries . and of course superb coffee . this mangiacake loves it . great place for a weekend lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 i may have to go back to try again and not on a late sunday evening . canollis were ok , amaretti were pretty good , but i was not that flabbergasted by this place . missing the waouh factor ( far from it att his point ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "most favorite bakery - moved into area just over a year ago and tre mari ranks up there with the best that italy has . everything is good , from the fresh baked bread to the sweets to the hot food . definitely worth a visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been eating cakes and pasteries , and sandwiches hot and fresh , regular place to find melanzana , saporita ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best amaretti cookies in the city , hands down ! the family is always welcoming and friendly , the pastries are always fresh and the coffee is always good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not very well verse in italian specialties , so i ca n't comment on the authenticity , but this place seems legit . they sell everything italian from the bakery ( wide variety of breads , antipasto , sweets , packaged snacks ) , deli meats , coffee and sandwiches . if you want a speciality snack , this is the place to go . seems like a lot of locals come here . i got a tiramisu and an amaretto crescent cookie . the cake is very frothy and sweet , i only had a few bites because it was rich . but you can really taste the coffee , and the cookie has a strong almond flavour as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place- 100 % italian . the real thing , close to home . friendly staff , great authentic food , fast customer service . i will recommend to all ! i look forward to the next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a place to have a little morning break italian style and completely stumbled upon this place . apparently it 's been there for nearly 60 years and its a full on bakery , deli , coffee shop etc . etc . what i liked about it was the authenticity , lots of old pictures of the italian family who owns it and the food too . dont forget that . lot 's of italian baked goods ! i had a nice grilled focaccia with vegies and mozzarella + a nice cup of coffee . was great . will come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food may be very good but the service here sucks big time . twice i have picked out a bunch of groceries and carried them to the counter only to have the girls behind he counter full out ignore me and ask the other customers to come up to be cashed out . at first i thought i was imagining this so i waited a bit until one woman who was behind me was aske to come up to be cashed out and i was still there holding my items . i placed all the my things down and left the bakery . the next time the same thing happened only this time i slammed the things down an asked them why this was happening . the girls looked at me and then continued to cash out the other customers again . so i yelled again and walked out . never stepped foot in this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love tre mari ! the quality of the food is terrific , and the prices are quite reasonable . i much prefer to get deli meat here , as i can get a small quantity for a good deal . it 's so nice to stop in on the weekend and get a treat- a loaf of fresh bread and some meat and cheese , maybe some of their yummy new french macarons .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about tre mari . their desserts are to die for and the cheese selection is fantastic . i do n't usually eat at the hot table - it 's a bit overpriced for what it is - but i frequently come here for meats , cheeses , and especially the cannoli !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to not understand why people liked cannoli . it was never a dessert that tickled my fancy . now i know that i 'd just never had good cannoli . i have since tried cannoli at tre mari and ca n't get enough . it 's the best . just thinking about it makes me think that i will probably have to go there tomorrow ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cannoli is so amazing . the pistachio ones especially . pizza is also very good and so is the espresso . i ca n't praise them enough . the staff were so pleasant . go there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh so good ... one of my top places for italian desserts . fresh cannoli every time . their cookies ... yummm . the food from their hot bar station is not as good but edible . you do n't really come here for their hot food anyway . great selection of imported italian groceries and solid deli section . feeling a craving for tre mari tonight .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for lunch and had the veal . the portion size was massive and was quite delicious . it was hard to choose just one dessert item from the bakery side because there is a huge selection . i ended up getting the pistachio cannoli and have no complaints : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "burned up some of my marriott points to have my mom stay here while she visited in charlotte . the location is great , right off the interstate . plenty of parking . very friendly staff . when we were walking up to the room , i spotted some trash on the floor . and a moment later , one of the staff picked it up . no waiting until the cleaners got to it . this guy just ... did it . that 's great ! the room was quiet enough , other than a bunch of idiots shouting in the hallway late one evening . seriously , folks . people are sleeping . otherwise , all good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a group of friends and i decided to do a quick weekend getaway . we choose charlotte and i was tasked with finding a hotel for the six of us . i went to expedia as usual and found this hotel . the pictures were nice as well as price . we arrived and walked through the doors and all i could say is wow . the property was newly renovated to perfection . the rooms were spacious with balconies and refrigerators . the staff was professions and attentive . i was thoroughly impressed and will definitely stay here again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this arrowood courtyard was a very nice hotel . it is in a very good location . you just need to check your routes ; and see which route you want to take . it is close to the interstates , i-77 and i-485 ; south blvd ; and tryon street . it is also close to attractions , uptown and very good restaurant ; and shopping malls , which we found out on our last night . our room was very nice . it had a big flat screen tv in it . they also had a small refrigerator , that had a little freezer in it ; and it kept our drinks real cold . the bed was comfortable , but the mattress was a little too soft for me . and , ladies , the vanity is in a separate room , from the tub and the toliet . i loved that part . i felt like the hotel was in a pretty safe location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a standard courtyard marriott ... this location has an updated lobby with the bistro ( food coffee beer & wine ) . the parking lot has plenty of ( free ) parking . the wi-fi is complimentary and offers decent speeds . the rooms were really clean and the beds were comfy . location wise - super convenient access to i-77 . starbucks , jack in the box , sonic & wendy 's are within walking distance .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a pretty nice hotel . everything was ok except for the trash in the room above me . every ten minutes they were lighting up a cigarette and for whatever reason my ac was sucking it into the room . there is no feeling like sleeping in an ash tray .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we did not stay here . theres a bridal event taking place . the lobby is cool ... .honestly i would n't mind hanging here all day . also the staff is very friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently renovated hotel done in the original courtyard style ( block style building with room balconies surrounding a central courtyard ) . has the newer bistro in the lobby with bar coffee shop restaurant . prices are much better than the older $ 10- $ 12 buffet breakfast . rooms and decor are that classic bulk interior of any courtyard in the country . same images , same shelves , same furniture . wifi is free and reliable . rooms were very clean , the beds are that amazing foam , and everything worked well . will stay here again there is a real starbucks next door ( within walking distance ) too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location right off i77 . not far from airport . starbucks across the street . older courtyard lobby . due for a upgrade to the new concept . which leads me to the breakfast . nice and easy , but old style buffet . i do n't want to go to the trough for breakfast . i would like something prepared for me . save the buffet for the fairfield inn . rooms need an upgrade too . the pillows felt like balls of nylon . not to comfortable . especially when they cater to the business traveler .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i read some not so good reviews on google and i must say those have got to be prior to their remodel . this courtyard marriot has been remodeled to look just like the rest of the chains hotels . the rooms are renovated , the lobby is new and the staff is friendly . id def recommend this hotel for a business trip or overnight stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "typical marriott courtyard . updated lobby . normal size rooms . nice and clean . my only complaint would be my toilet seat was chipped . at first glance , it looks unclean but it 's just the paint surface chipping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "checked in at midnight , front desk girl was nice and helpful . beds are firm . shower heads powerful but not so that it feels like being stabbed with a million needles . room clean but we found a bug of some variety when we tried to use the pull out couch . my rewards profile says foam pillows , asked for in the morning but was n't in the room that night . they did send some up after second request . `` bistro '' with starbucks in lobby : ) pool is being renovated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great location and staff . rooms are nice and clean . exactly what you expect from a courtyard marriott .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , typical courtyard in a convenient location . the rooms and public spaces are very clean , and the staff are friendly . i 'd never think it , but the actual courtyard itself is one of the nicer ones i 've seen at this chain where you 'd expect it all the time . across the street is a starbucks ( 1 2 star for that ) , and some fast food . that 's about it for the area , but it 's within driving striking distance to a lot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . we drove 6 hours arriving at 10 am and were able to check in and rest before beginning our day in charlotte . the room was nice and clean and the bed was comfy . right off of 77 , within walking distance to multiple fast food joints . would definitely stay again when in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rooms are smaller than i am used to , but the coffee is free , the room a c worked well and was quiet , and the lobby was very attractive . breakfast available if you want , but it costs . easy to work in the room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! hotel was very clean . bartender irish lady was awesome ... had a great time and would definitely recommend to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "comparing this to other courtyards ... the check in went well , and they were pleasant and told us where everything was in the hotel . the room is fairly clean , and relatively comfortable ... the bed seems to have a hump in the middle and so gravity seems to want to pull you to the floor in the middle of the night . the clock was set wrong , which means it woke us up in the middle of the night at some & ^ % $ # hour ... other than that , the shower was nice , the heater ac worked , and it was quiet . all in all , about par for the course .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean . great for price . comfy bed and pillows . nicely maintained . staff was extremely polite and helpful . nice lobby with bistro . free wifi . free parking . pool and small fitness center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place looks like a motel 6 for rooms . ac is weak . bathroom is dark . no restaurants nearby that do n't have drive thrus . stay away if you have other options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it is what it is . inexpensive . and as long as you do n't need pampering ( or completely spotless towels ) you 'll be fine . i saw other comments about safety issues and i never felt unsafe , and every day i had to take the pedestrian underpass to cross the nearby highway . continental breakfast is sufficient without being grandiose . hey , it 's coffee and bagels with other baked goods . am i likely to stay here again ? probably not . would i be happy with the price if it was my only choice ? definitely ! not perfect , but if you do n't require pampering , it 'll do . and the price was right . will i stay again ? sure , but only if there were n't other options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our stay was terrible . from uncomfortable beds , to rock hard pillows , to a very filthy room . the air conditioner barely cooled the smelly , muggy space . as if the cigarette burns in the comforter was n't disgusting enough , we needed to endure the heavy odor of mold seeping out of the bathroom . the peeling paint was black with mold around the tub shower . after showering and walking across the carpet no to get dressed , i needed to literally wash my feet before i could put my socks and shoes on . that is how filthy the carpet was ! we will never stay here again and would certainly never recommend it . the $ 20 we saved is n't worth the unclean accommodations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for , i 've stayed in a lot worse . beds are hard , towels and bedding need a good bleaching , and it 's overall a little run down . it kind of gets you thinking when you see signs posted on every door `` no weapons allowed in building '' .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was okay . i got the signature `` chicken and waffles '' and it was pretty unique for someone from the east coast . i never thought having a whole chicken and actual breakfast waffles would be a good combination , but it was ! the waffles were really good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was dying for chicken like my grandmother made . i 'm from back east and did n't know a thing about soul food . the chicken was just like hers . i thought it was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a fan - the turkey leg and greens were outstanding , however a friend just told me they were closed . i called their number , and it is no longer in service . hopefully , this is a temporary situation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just ate @ yo mama 's ! - for the first time and had a very good experience . the ambiance inside was much better than expected and very nice . service was also very good . for dinner , i had the smoked salmon and 2 sides for $ 10.95 . the salmon was good , and for the 2 sides i had the collard greens cooked with turkey bacon ( awesome ) , and the yams ( cooked with cinnamon - best damn yams i 've ever had ! ) . i also tried the mac & cheese which was homemade and very good too . if you live in , or are visiting the area ( 24th st & roeser ( 1 2 mi north of southern ) ) - you should pay them a visit . they are open late . i 'm a big fan of yo mama 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is definitely not my favorite soul food restaurant in the valley . the service was ok . it really seems like it is run by 2 or 3 teenagers . they do n't do a bad job , but they do not do a great job either . the food was ok . i honestly was hoping to see some grill marks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place is closed now but the food was bad anyway , now a bbq place has opened there , and you must stop and try the brisket , it 's the best i 've had in a long time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this converted rec center has a huge indoor play area with a good number of nicely sized party rooms . the play area is dominated by a large padded and net screened jungle gym with many paths , entrances and exits , and mulitlevels . there is good line of sight for parents to locate or watch their child anywhere at play . the kids absolutely loved it and ran wild . the party was good and we were treated to an early bedtime for the little one who was completely tired out on the way home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to playground paradise for the 1st time today with my 7 and 3 yr old . they both loved it . the indoor climbing structure is safe and clean . there are 4 staff supervising at any given time . it 's a great place for active kids to get their energy out and for $ 2.50 for 2 hours per child , that 's a steal ! times are as posted and there are always parties booked there for weekends . parking lot does fill up but there 's parking on the street . there are a couple of benches for parents to sit down but there 's plenty of space on the floor also . overall i 'm coming back whenever there 's a rainy , bad weather day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't go wrong for the price ! something there for all kids ages . slides are big and fast so best suited to kids ages 3+ . i appreciate that they always have a staff member in the playground - they keep the rowdy kids in check ! i 've only been for weekday daytime drop-in so it 's never too busy ... i hear weekends are often at capacity though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is not interested at all to work with kids . they hangout between themselves . arrogant workers at the cashier . it 's just 2.5 $ entry fee place air stinks , no ventilation here . take your kids somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a large indoor play structure , reasonably well-maintained , city-run , fairly inexpensive ( $ 3 hr or thereabouts ) . on weekdays , particularly during the school year and during school hours , it can be very quiet . in the summer , after school and especially weekends , it can get busy , with birthday parties and the like . at it 's busiest , it 's still workable , but much less pleasant . at it 's quietest , there 's still usually a few other kids to interact with , but far less noise and chaos . my son always enjoys a trip to playground paradise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was quite surprise to see this day care center has that huge indoor playground for kids . the price is ok , and they have a limited of time to play , unlike those you pay a certain amount for all day playing . they do n't let us to take any picture . and the staff there are quite serious to look around if the kids and patents are following the rules or not . there are few benches for the parents to sit and watch . my daughter was very happy to play there but it is a bit too far for us to go more often . and most likely i will not go there again because i found that the staffs there are not very friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great spot . fun , affordable , and sane . it 's particularly nice when the crowds are limited . i 've actually been able to sit on a bench in the playground area and get some light work done . good for birthdays , good for drop-ins . a very nice place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "few tips for parents : it is too busy over the weekends with bigger kids pushing and knocking down smaller kids , we were there once a week and in one occasion i 've found a big hole in the security net in the playground area ; i 've let them know that that is a big safety issue and that kids can get hurt easily , i went back few times after that and nothing has been changed , my question for them was : you are so strict about so many things in this playground that make us feel so unpleasant being here ( at least put a smile on your face once in a while ) and you ca n't fix that hole for the sake of our kids ? i even submited paper complaint form to the supervisor and ... nothing.other than that not a bad place to be with your kids for couple of houts during the weekday hours good luck , bob", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eines der locations , wo dir das passieren kann : es ist samstag abend , du gehst spontan hier und da rein , und auch ins mrs. jones . was findest du vor ? eine fast leere kneipe , nur ein paar spie\u00dfer , die in der lounge-atmosph\u00e4re von oben bis unten mustern , und auf jedem tisch ein reserviert-schild . da gibt 's nur eines : kein platz , schlechte luft - also wieder raus !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hier kann man schoen etwas trinken gehen . meistens nettes publikum , der service ist immer spitze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ein etwas andere bar . beim reinkommen f\u00e4llt sofort die etwas dekadente tapete auf , was aber echt klasse ist . drin ist es eine nicht allzu grosse bar mit gedimmten licht und klasse 70iest musik . zur sp\u00e4ter stunde werden tische und st\u00fchle weggestellt , um das tanzbein schwingen zu k\u00f6nnen . also hat man die optionen entweder einfach nur was dort zu trinken und sich gut zu unterhalten oder etwas sp\u00e4ter dort hinzugehen , um etwas abzuzappeln bei discomusik . ach ja , raucher werden diese bar m\u00f6gen , da dort drinnen geraucht werden darf .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "durch zufall hier aufgeschlagen : super nette leute , service war flott und zuvorkommend , musik war gut abgestimmt und die location an sich ist halt echt schick . sechs stunden dort drinnen vergingen wie im flug und was als planloser abend startete , entpuppte sich als verdammt gelungen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier hats uns gefallen ! super-musik ( selten gespielter , ausgesuchter 70ies soul ) , gem\u00fctliche einrichtung , aufmerksamer service und entspannte g\u00e4ste ! wir kommen sicher mal wieder auf nen drink vorbei !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brokat-beschlagene w\u00e4nde , viel roter samt , goldumrahmte spiegel und ein riesiger kronleuchter : ein wirklich besonderes ambiente hat die kneipe bar am hans-im-gl\u00fcckbrunnen . das publikum in der 30plus-klasse l\u00e4sst sich bier und cocktails zu moderaten preisen schmecken . ( z.b . kellerpils vom fass 2,50 euro ) der service ist freundlich und ein paar speisen gibt es auch . eine durchaus sympathische location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "einer von stuttgarts wohl gr\u00f6\u00dften und m\u00e4chtigsten kronleuchtern h\u00e4ngt sicherlich im mrs. jones . abgestimmt mit edlen stofftapeten , gerahmten spiegeln und tischen und st\u00fchlen aus den 60ern erlebt der besucher das etwas andere ambiente . mir pers\u00f6nlich gef\u00e4llt , dass neben den g\u00e4sten , die meist \u00fc30 sind auch die hierauf abgestimmte musik l\u00e4uft . hin und wieder wird auch in der kleinen dj-ecke aufgelegt , was dann richtig spa\u00df macht . der service ist super-zackig . schade nur , dass es seit einer weile keine speisen mehr gibt , zu beginn hatte man hier die m\u00f6glichkeit sehr leckere hausgemachte sp\u00e4tzle mit rostbraten und andere k\u00f6stlichkeiten von einer kleinen karte zu genie\u00dfen , was leider auf grund der mangelnden akzeptanz vor einiger zeit eingestellt wurde . aber als angenehme bar mit dem besondern flair ist das mrs. jones meine erste wahl in stuttgart , in der ich mich als \u00e4lterer auch noch wohl f\u00fchle : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hier war ich gestern zum ersten mal , und mit sicherheit wird es nicht das letzte mal gewesen sein . tolle location , richtig stylisch , sehr geschmackvoll , tolles publikum , meist \u00fc30 , super schnelle nette bedienung . der laden ist nicht sehr gro\u00df , aber hier und da wird immer mal ein pl\u00e4tzchen frei . auch drau\u00dfen viele sitzgelegenheiten ! nur 2 punkte st\u00f6ren : es gibt keine gerichte und drinnen ist rauchen erlaubt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eine perle in stuttgart ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im mrs. jones macht das blo\u00dfe und manchmal als etwas langweilig verschriene `` was-trinken-gehen '' richtig laune . die einrichtung ist zwar am rande des kitsch , aber immernoch richtig stylisch und super gem\u00fctlich . die atmosph\u00e4re ist sehr angenehm : nicht zu schick , nicht zu junges publikum und nicht zu viel laufkundschaft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved to borrego at the end of december 2014 after living in peoria for 3 1 2 years ... in an apartment i absolutely loved , might i add . i did n't think that i 'd find a place that would measure up to my old apartments but the community , the area of gilbert , the staff at the borrego at spectrum office , the maintenance guys , and my apartment home has far surpassed what i expected . i would highly recommend this complex to anyone who is looking for a great place and great people ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just to clarify , borrego is separate from azul although they are side by side . borrego is a fantastic place to live . you can not go wrong living at a mark-taylor complex . the staff is incredibly friendly and professional ; we were impressed with how thorough and knowledgable the staff were upon arrival . the actual apartments are well kept and smell clean . the atmosphere at borrego is fantastic ! we love our little community here . it is a great place to live . i highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love my apartment at borrego . very clean . very quite complex . the leasing office staff are pleasant to work with . also , i love all of the shops , restaurants , and grocery stores within a one mile radius . easy walk to most now that the temps are getting cooler ! i would recommend borrego to anyone looking for a great apartment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the worst place to ever live . why i put up with this hell hole is beyond me . horrible policies horrible corporate horrible management horrible prices . the worst part is i ca n't even live in peace the people upstairs wake up all hours and forget calling courtesy patrol like they tell u because then they come back with `` oh we never heard anything '' well i did i heard their illegal husky barking and moaning at 1am . they stomp and jump on the floor and wake me up they throw cigarette butt on my balcony . they only way to resolve this crap is to break my lease which quess what ... is gon na cost me 1500 bux are u kidding me . you wo n't do anything about the noise ans my lack of peaceful living so i am leaving and i have to pay the price . they have been less then customer friendly and i will be making sure i am telling everyone who ask to run for the hills far away from this place . do n't move here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my close friend rented here today and i feel that borrego took advantage of her and treated her poorly . she found an apartment she liked and the leasing agent , tucker , told her she could rent it month-to-month for 10 % extra . when she went back to sign the lease , a female manager told her that she had to do a 3-month minimum at 25 % extra . ( most places have a 3-month minimum but the where did the 10 % come from and why was there no effort to even apologize ) . the female was rude and unapologetic about this significant difference ! the least they could have done is give some sort of concession for the misinformation but they were not at all willing to even do that . concessions and waiving certain fees are how most places would try to make things right but it appears that borrego does n't want to even try . my friend sounds like she is resigned to being bullied by this company . i highly recommend going elsewhere to avoid being treated so poorly before you even move in !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to francisco 's three times , so i feel confident in giving a five star review . the portion sizes , relative to price , are incredible . another reviewer said they did n't care for the red sauce , but i love it . their beans are so delicious and creamy . so far , i 've tried the bean and cheese burrito , chilaquiles , huevos rancheros , and cheese enchiladas . all of the dishes were amazing . when i want quick mexican food , i usually go to filiberto 's but , hands down , i 'd much rather come here . better quality , better sauce , better service , better everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , the best mexican food in the area for the price . flavorful chicken tacos and tostadas are my favorite , while my husband likes the carne asada burritos . not much on ambience , but the food is scrumptious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing . we had chicken and beef tacos rice beans and menudo . crunchy tasty good and will definitely return", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the 1st time food was good but prices we a tad high . it has the typical burtos menu . the restaurant is small . but food is great and i will try again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second visit . great food , very friendly people . i 'll definitely continue to drive by other similar places to eat at francisco 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i give it one star and yelp says `` eek ! methinks not . '' and that feels like the perfect summary for my experience at this so-called spa . i ended up here because of groupon now i decided to take advantage of while i was in vegas . it felt weird when i walked in the door but i figured that i already paid for it , i might as well go through with it . big mistake ... i went in thinking i was going to get some sort of new age detox themed pedicure . i left after an awkward short marshall applewhite ( of the heaven 's gate cult ) rubbed my feet with hand sanitizer . props to groupon for giving me a refund after i told them what happened and how skeezed out i was .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a teacher from california who was on a 3 day vacation with 2 other teacher friends . we were desperate for a relaxing message and facial but also needed it to be reasonably priced . even starting with the booking of the appointment we got a good vibe . they were very patient with our many questions about pricing and services and quoted us very reasonable prices . the location is very clean , smelled of wonderful lavender , and the staff were all very welcoming and friendly . the message was great , my masseuse was yessenia ! and my facial was equally wonderful ! it was a perfect end to our small vacation and i felt amazing when i left the spa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for 30 min massage and got teri . she did a great job for my sore neck . she did a variety of stretches to warm up the area and then gave me a great neck massage . for the price you cant beat this place . i will be likely coming back for monthly maintaince visits . they will give a local discount if you are a local .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a pleasant surprise ! i found this place on groupon & could n't pass up the price . with all the $ 200+ treatments on the strip , it was refreshing to spend less than $ 50 for the same treatment . this ended up being of the best massages i 've ever had . excellent deep tissue massage , very professional , relaxing and overall a wonderful experience . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem in vegas ! i loved it ! it is only a short trip off the las vegas strip . i had the swedish massage with stones and a foot scrub by pedro ! it was a wonderful relaxing massage . thank you episage staff . i would go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an amazing time at espinage . i was surprised with my first couples massage & i have to say the surprise & massage was amazing . my girlfriend is amazing . i recommend people to check this place out when you come to vegas ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lemmie gave me a great massage , equivalent to the one i pay three times as much for at massage envy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in a non-discript business plaza , it took me a couple of u-turns to finally find this place ( and that 's using my gps ) . this building is no-frills and does n't provide that frou frou spa decor that most hotels on the strip provide . it 's all about the talents of the massage therapist ! my masseuse worked on me and listened to all my concerns . being in the nightlife industry , i 'm on my feet , in heels , for hours . i started off with a 60 min but ended up asking for an additional 30 because he is that good ! i 'm overdue for a massage and will be returning to this establishment for my next . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had pedro . he was awesome , actually cared about the pain and issues i was having . highly recommend ! great deal for locals too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "episage turned out to be nicer than the address would otherwise suggest . her masseuse was teri who did an amazing job . my wife is planning to make another appointment on our next visit and request teri . my wife used a groupon , but prices are very reasonable even without any form of discount .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a senior with parkinson 's for approximately 4 years . pauline has massaged me every other week for more than 3 years . she is consistently professional and effective . it keeps me flexible and the disease damage to a minimum . my wife often goes there also . she also has the highest praise for their services . she works very hard and the massages are great stress relievers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pedro was great . little man packs a solid massage ! he 's great for local mamas who need a break from carrying around those babies ! the building is n't the best but they 're relocating soon . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had massages from hawaii to london and anywhere in between . teri gave me the best massage i 've ever had . i had a 90 minute hot stone that felt like muscle therapy heaven . i visit vegas every few years for conventions . my next trip out will definitely include a trip to espiage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience here ! ! got the groupon ! i had pedro as a therapist and he was great i walked out feeling like a new person i would definitely recommend episage to a friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the shellac mani-pedi ... .it lasted 3 weeks and no chipping . if my nails did n't grow so fast i would have been able to go a month . clean and nice experience . i will keep going they got me in and out in no time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! ! worst service , quality is garbage , rude personal , owner is a moron . brought my car in for a paint job , came back with a busted window track , broken tail light , uneven strokes , poor sanding ; car came back looking like it was painted by kids ; painted windows and mr potluck says `` we did n't do that ... ... . `` had vehicle re-done at maaco on spring mountain . car came back with a decent job i should have went there first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the bed cover on my nissan frontier was fading terribly from the local elements . i went to earl schieb and agreed to have the cover repainted , i gave them plenty of time to complete the job . i then read the full reviews on yelp and started to get concerned on what i had gotten into , the reviews were not very flattering . i was very surprised at the condition of my cover , it looked better than new ! ! ! ! however the payment had to be cash , which i was told when i was there . had i not read the yelp reviews i would not have been prepared with the cash needed . i would not hesitate to use them in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "buyer beware ! ! ! yelp did not exist when i used these guys and i wish it had . the guy running this place will promise you the greatest paint job but will only put a few things on paper because he said he did n't want the owner to see what a great deal he 's giving me . once you pay he comes up with excuses of why he ca n't do the paint job you paid for , he told me that the existing paint was causing problems with the new paint , and when you complain he referred to the paper that only shows a portion of what he promised so you have no recourse . and he offered no discount or solution and said it would cost me more to complete the paint job . when i refused he stopped painting my truck and left me with a truck that looked in worse condition than it was when i took it in . it cost me but thanks to macco they saved the day . buyer beware ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "definitely would n't recommend this shop . had to come here twice since the employees did n't know the difference between left and right on the side mirror and screwed up the part order . also charged me four hours for labor , but only used 5 minutes to finish the job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok guys they told me that today monday july 13 my car gon na be done . now i call the office and they told me that they just started to work on my car , from july 3 to 13 they just started right now no call or reminder if my car is done or not . hoping they make a good job on my car . i keeping you updates guys when is my car gon na be done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner of this shop did not want his people to come and pick me up to get my car even though i paid to have it fix , odvious a dick head so do n't use this place , the reason is he thinks he can get away with this , had to call police on this assshole", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible . told me it would be one day and it end up being 3 . after they sanded my car called me and said it would cost $ 600 in addition to the price they had quoted me . i have nothing good to say .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company was worth going to . jack was real cool and the paint job done on my ss impala looks flawless . best price for what i had done hands down and that is me shopping around to 3 different locations getting quotes . keep doing wutitdo cuz even tho i did n't give them 5 stars that does n't mean they do n't do 5 star quality work ijs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am always on the hunt for authentic chicken biryani , and student tasty biryani has put an end to the search . spicy chicken that melts off the bone , fluffy basmati rice with the perfect blend of yellow , orange and white grains , a hint of cilantro . this is a small , no-frills establishment , with a very chicken-themed menu . chicken biryani , chicken korma , chicken karahi , butter chicken , chicken tikka , chicken tikka biryani . daal chawal is the veg option , & aloo matar keema if you like red meat . i have only had the biryani so far , but am going to eat my way through the menu and report back . the chef and staff are incredibly friendly . and a small army of delivery boys will bring this deliciousness right to your door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is open late which is probably a very good business decision . the people here were quite nice . they took our order a few minutes after closing time . i had a flavourful mango lassi that was a tad bit on the watery side but pleasant nevertheless . alison had the vegetarian biriyani which she said was good . the chana masala was good but the naan was subpar and reminded me of terrible supermarket naan . this place should be a tad cheaper if you take the quality into consideration . all in all i would go elsewhere under the most optimal circumstances but if i happened to be around central concordia late at night and al-baghdadi was again closed for some reason i probably would go once more . try thali a few blocks on saint-marc which is much better and might even be a better price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i frequently order in from this place . i love their chicken biryani . very affordable as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best biryani in town ? perhaps . i have tried sana , thali and the likes and so far , student tasty wins my heart . take it from a true desi person , the mark of my iddentity is a good ol ' biryani meal . love their chicken biryani ; just $ 8 but full of flavor . it 's not like the one you get home but it 's as good as it gets in montreal . my sister and i order from here often during our homesick stay-in nights . i 've never visited the shop , mostly called for home delivery so no idea about ambience . but as for the biryani , ma'sha allah !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as much as i would love to never write a negative review because i think most people who write them are sad people with nothing else to do but complain , my love for good indian food obligates me as a citizen of the world to spread the word . i would like to start on a positive note , the staff was very friendly . but that 's about it for the good part . i ordered their specialty , the chicken biryani with the works . throughout my meal i had to dodge chicken bones and raw peppercorns that were scattered in the rice , which was , in my opinion , not very flavorful and poorly seasoned . in total i counted 7 chicken bones and 9 peppercorns , averaging one of the two every 2-3 bites . i sincerely advise you to stay away from this place and apologize for adding negative energy on the internet , which does n't need more than it already has .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent biryani , very friendly staff , couple of problems : issues : atm was n't working no interac ( common we canadians are notorious for not carrying cash , errbody knows that ) delivery takes forever ... something is wrong ... place could do with better ambiance , i know it 's a cheap food , but fresh tiles and better lighting go a long way no music ? ! common y'all put on some qawwali or coke studio on youtube on low volume ... show off that pakistani musiqi ... add napkins on the tables", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place is bomb and the lunch special is such a good deal . worth the visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average biriyani at an average price . they only accept cash or interac , sketchy in that aspect . customer service is generally prompt and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best food . excellent portions . delivery person is so nice ! prices are great . late night delivery is a plus . there is n't much more to say really .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its a hit and miss here . been ordering quite often since last few months , its served fresh at times while some days they just microwave from previous days stuff and give it to you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my pakistani friends swear by their biryani , as do i . portions are huge and affordable ( although prices have gone up since they first opened ) . i 've only ever gotten it delivered and it can sometimes be iffy , but it 's always worth it . tip : you can ask for it extra spicy for an extra kick , but it 'll always be flavorful enough even if you forget ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lovely story behind the opening of this indian `` cafeteria '' .. i will spare you the details but just ask the owner or his brothers why is there a master engineering degree on the wall behind the cash ... we had been wanting to go eat there for quiet a long time and we finally did and do not regret it .. i got carried away and did not even order a biryani but will return for it because when i saw the portions i fell of my chair ' they are huge this time around i ordered a nihari which came with rice and naan .. personally nihari is not something i usually eat with rice at all give me 3 naan but not a bowl a rice lol ! we also ordered chicken rolls , they were lovely its bbqd chicken very moist juicy and well seasoned : ) i will go back to try out their speciality : biryani", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , authentic pakistani cuisine at its best ! plus , it opens late and come with huge portions with a cheap price ! must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first time there , we ordered chicken biryani `` up-sized '' , wow that was really a big plate of biryani . they have various other options to choose from , but i have never tried anything else other than chicken biryani . biryani tastes good . quite a few times we had chicken biryani to go , i must say they have maintained the consistency with the taste . worth trying it if you are a biryani fan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is very tasty and generously portioned . however , it 's not a good value for the cost without a student discount . we had to go up and ask for the beverages that came with the combos we ordered-the clerks did n't seem very interested in customer service . the interior dining area was smoke-filled , which must have been from someone smoking in the kitchen . my biggest turn-off , though , was a sign saying their tap water is not potable , so if you want water it 's $ 0.70 for a cup of bottled water . what kind of restaurant does n't have potable tap water ? !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i arrived early and met up with fellow elites andrew and meagan . the weather could n't have been any better . this festival was smaller than i anticipated , but still have plenty drink samples all around . nice set up with the wood-fired pizza trucks booths and tables in middle of southbridge . got to eat more pizzas to soak up the alcohol . how quickly an average person is likely to get drunk ? curious , the uber station got a great breathalyzer . i am not telling who made way over the midpoint.=p excellent craft selections in one festival . so many great local distillers & wineries too . live band music , giveaways , photo booth bombs , and after party at w hotel ! it was a blast ! absolutely will be back next year . hopefully , you 'll find me in the vip section . so lucky to be part of this exclusive club . thanks so much to hailey , yelp , and crushbrew craft for the ticket !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic elite score ! this was a great event with even better company of other yelpers . i arrived around 5pm and received a govino wine glass and 15 tasting tickets . there were so many great vendors to choose from ranging from local craft brews , wines and spirits . i like how the event was n't too big and also not very crowded . the photo booth and promo items some of the vendors gave out added to the fun . there was also a live band playing great music . on top of a wonderful day at festival , we were also granted access to the after party of the w hotel with 6 more tastings . crushbrew did a great job at their first festival , thanks to yelp & hailey for a great day and night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg-ness ! it was an awesome event and yelp friends , linda w and britt , made it an even greater experience . with or without a yelp ticket , this event is worth attending . it was a drinking la-la-land for adults . there were rows , rows , and rows of drinking booths and happy people walking about all-a-buzz ! there were some `` cool '' giveaways and non-stop heart-pumping , fun music from live bands . now you must know , food vendors were scarce . pizza was the main dish for general admission and my $ 2 slice did n't have much taste to it ! but from what i could see , the vip guests were getting a savory mouthful of much yummier treats . so , come with a full belly or you 'll end up feeling like jelly ... tee hee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "soooooo fun . i 'm slightly inebriated , but that 'll just make this review even more impressive . the ambiance was awesome : soulful music , perfect weather , and a great crowd of people . i had a shilling ipa from odell that was the best ipa of the night . my overall favorite drink was the bourbon cider from woodchuck . the hard dry cider ( forget name ) and gumpton cider from woodchuck are both worth trying as well . i 'm not a huge beer drinker , so take this portion of the review for what it is . ; ) i had a lackluster pizza that had approximately a teaspoon of sauce and scant olives . quite pricey for 10 '' ( $ 11 ) . i did ask for no cheese ( yes-i 'm that person ) , but was still expecting more sauce topping . i got some free goodies , too ! a lei and a t-shirt ( from woodchuck ... cause i kept going back ... ) thanks for the ticket , yelp ! now , who 's impressed with my drunk texting ability ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was n't sure what to expect at this event but i was very impressed ! so many vendors & fun lil things to do ( photo booth ! ) . my group got there around 530 6 & it was n't too crowded , i think we beat a bunch of the after work people . got to try most of the beer & wine samples & had some good conversations with the people working them , not to mention coming home with tons of swag - shirts , koozies , sunglasses , pens , etc . we tried one of the pizza trucks ( cant remember which one ) and it was delicious . and lastly , we stopped by the w after party & had a few good drinks there & danced a little . fun night : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from ohso 's breakfast brew to coronado brewing company 's stingray ipa i scavenged the festival from beginning to end . the vendors were all extremely nice and knowledgeable . they did not rush anyone or bat an eye to a hard question . they even knew of local groceries that carried their products . this festival had more options than any other that i 've been to ! the pizza throw down was a nice touch . it was also the perfect padding for all of that beer and wine ! after a couple sips of wine we dipped over to the uber station , where they had a breathalyzer . i found this to be very interesting because i was n't feeling too crazy of a buzz , but it informed me after the blow that i would have to wait 4 hours before driving . it 's great that they are spreading awareness with that ! of course we ubered home ! i will definitely make this a yearly event . we had a fantastic time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome small market carrying a lot of interesting brands which otherwise would not be available in pittsburgh . has an old-school market vibe which i appreciate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe i have n't reviewed this yet ! i love it here . it 's a wonderful market to have in the aspinwall community . there as so many specialty food items including if you have any dietary restrictions . their made to our to food is super good . their sandwiches and sides are all things that i 've tried before and have been completely satisfied with . do n't even bother with going to panera and get yourself a real fresh sandwich ! their orzo , roasted veggie pasta salad is my favorite ! oh and our first visit the owner welcomed us to the neighborhood and gave us a brownie to try.. we know why ... because we are now hooked ! always friendly service and something new to try . oh and they always have samples out of some of their stuff to intrigue you ... it works . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really adore this little grocer . it has loads of organic foods and such a warm and welcoming feel . they sell a number of pittsburgh-based brands which also gives this place bonus points . their pre-made deli foods are delicious . ( i highly recommend the classic chicken salad ! i 'm hooked on it . ) they are pricey , given that it 's a small grocery in the heart of aspinwall , so be prepared for that . and one of the bags of granola i purchased had expired about a month prior to my purchasing - so i would suggest checking dates just to be sure . but this is one of my absolute favorite places to shop . any time i 'm in aspinwall , i must make a stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "regularly grab lunch here on the weekends . their sandwiches are great and they always have good healthy side options . their basic offerings are gourmet alternatives to the normal staples offered at giant eagle . friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the owners got in contact with me , i suppose my previous experience from the past couple of times regarding their hours ( closing earlier than scheduled ) just overlapped with some unforeseen circumstances where they had to close the shop ( only twice out of the last year ) . i understand they 're a smaller local business so that 's 100 % understandable and i will not dock them for my bad luck ! : ) they 're always super friendly and awesome in there regardless ! support local businesses ! and you can almost always come across some really great delectable finds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love this place\u203c great service ! great prepared foods ( carmelized onion dip ! ) ... .. feels like you are in the hamptons or cape cod ... . they have bent over backwards to get things that i have asked for ... such sweet local charm ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brent leavitt , cfp with nevada benefits is by far the most knowledgable , friendly and extremely helpful advisor , we all know how difficult and frustrating it is to purchase the right health plan , brent made the entire process simple and he explained the plan thoroughly , i could n't be happier with the service he provided ! brent , thank you so much ! you have been extremely helpful , i will definitely recommend you to family and friends , you were very patient , took the time to understand my insurance needs and provided the best plan for me , you made the application process extremely simple as you did all of the work on my behalf . the entire signing up process you provides was professional , friendly and your expertise with the healthcare insurance plans were extremely helpful . thank you brent ! ! if anyone out there is looking for health insurance , brent is your guy ! ! thank you , thank you , thank you brent ! ! sincerely , laila", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brent is by far the best in the business . very professional . when we first tried to sign up for health insurance 3 years ago , brent was the only broker we spoke with that knew the enrollment process . since then he has taken care of each year 's signup with flawless results . thank you so very much , brent ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love adrianna the receptionist ! she is so informative and helpful ! ! i would recommend this insurance company to anyone ! i was able to get a great price and have my kids covered also..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brunch is my favorite meal of the day . so i had high expectations going in . happy to report i was not disappointed ! my salmon eggs benny was good but my so 's pulled pork eggs benny ( their special today ) was divine . service fast and friendly . ambience is great too . i 'm a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i should n't have gone there . it 's a trap . you see , i just wanted some eggs.. they suggested me eggs florentine ... with a salad ... and fruits . you see ? and some orange juice . then you realize you asked for a giant brunch and it 's delicious , and you are unable to stop eating until you 're licking the plate . at least it was sunday afternoon and i could go for a lazy walk back home , and take a nap . i do n't believe it 's possible to eat there without having a post-nap . their service is truly amazing , food is incredible ( husband had the salmon option , oh yummy ! ) and they have a very nice patio . it 's not a cheap place , but , hey , you can even share their brunch portions , based on their sizes - i 'd do this the next time , so i would n't feel soooo guilty . i have to come back in a beautiful sunny day and try their huevos rancheros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there for sunday brunch . honestly , i was so excited to try a new place i could n't wait . after carefully studying the menu we decided to order eggs dostoyefsky and huevos rancheros . both of them come with home fries , french fries or salad . my biggest mistake was ordering home fries . they were so burned they actually were black . i was really dissapointed after all these 5 star reviews on yelp . i will give them 2 stars just because i liked eggs with salmon they were good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr . generosity for 5 years or so , and my most recent visits have left me wondering : what happened with this place ? although i do n't think it ever was a 5 star restaurant , it had solid options and everyone could usually find something they liked , and the steak salad was downright awesome . however , in the last year something weird happened . this place , which was our standby for the neighbourhood , became totally undependable . the burger was different and overcooked . the salads , which i loved , were served with wilted lettuce and weird dressings . i do n't want to give this one star , even though i am thoroughly disappointed , but i hold on to hope that it will turn around and become one of my favourites yet again . and because i love to draw on the butcher paper on the tables .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place came highly reviewed . visiting from san francisco ( yelp hq ) i wanted to introduce the power of community to my canadian friends . after quickly figuring out the location thanks to my gps infused iphone this place was on the top of my search results . we had two kids with us and 5 adults . this place is truly kids friendly : no-spill kids cups , crayons and kids menu . kids were thrilled . as a foodie i did not like the lunch salad that i got , it was blend and humongous ( seriously i thought it a cow portion of grass ! and zuccini ) . i liked the portobella sandwich , that my friend got , and pretty much it . i left feeling heavy but missed the flavour and taste . imho i bit overpriced too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had heard so much about dr generosity that i guess i had high expectations , but i felt like the place was pretty average . they 're a kid friendly place but the kid menu when we went for brunch was very limited . the place was really loud and dark so i 'd say not great for families . with that being said though , they were very accomodating with strollers and kids ( they give out crayons and kid menus ) which was appreciated . brunch food was tasty , but not out of the ordinary . i tried to make reservations and could n't so the wait was quite long .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the reverse commute . heading away from the downtown core and it 's plethora of spectacular restaurants . it 's not often that a place has the culinary magnetism to consistently both draw urbanites out to the mid-city and keep their tastebuds sufficiently on-their-toes to keep drawing them back . there 's a reason that this place is so damn popular . it 's remarkably consistent , emotionally pleasing and fantastically delicious . one of the best brunch places in the city . incredibly easy to get to on the subway line . always worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't tried their dinner menu . we got here for a sunday brunch around 1 pm . were expecting a line , but i guess it had cleared by then . the brunch dishes , while not exceptionally unusual , were tasty and very good quality . huevos rancheros was not only delicious , but lived up to the restaurant 's name - large and filling portion . good coffee and the other two people in my party enjoyed the place as well . nice service . there are a lot of families with kids here - generally well-behaved but if you do n't want kids around take note .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for new years brunch with our group of 8 . everyone had something different . i had the eggs benedict with crab . very different but a good combo . home fries were perfectly cooked . eggs done right . bearnaise sauce was infused with a hint of dill . all in all a good spot . table for 8 was at the back by the washroom and kitchen . not the best . better to have large parties closer to the center or front . but other than that a great little spot with appropriate line ups . john n", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the brunch of dr. g 's . the huevos rancheros are the best i 've ever had and the stuffed french toast is always delicious . the homemade hot sauce they serve with the huevos is yum ! my only complaint from my last visit was that the caramelized pecans were kind of clumped together and when i tried to break them up , a chunk went flying pretty woman styles and landed by the woman at a table next to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "busy place on the weekend but dr. g 's is well loved by the west end for a reason . we frequent this place for lunch ; i almost always get a tuna chop salad . it sounds like such a boring order but , seriously , an incredible salad . get it with lemon basil vinaigrette . the sweet potato fries are awesome too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brunch here is pretty good ... only so excited i get over an egg ... but dinner here is fantastic . i 've never been disappointed and the stuffed sole is my favorite . the `` just what the doctor ordered '' martini is my favorite as far as drinks go . if you 've only been here for brunch , try it another time as the menu and specials keep changing . yum .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "close to where i live and we have eaten there countless times over the last 5 years or so . i 'd say it 's easily the best place in bloor west village . the food is good , the portions large , almost too large , and the service is great , friendly and prompt . so we are regulars . not a good place to go though if you want a quiet meal . generosity 's is crowded , noisy and boisterous . a fun place ; and you can bring your own wine most evenings for a very modest corking fee . my only complaint : the menu hardly ever changes . i say check it out , you can hardly go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's cheerful and down-to-earth , but still has a stylish atmosphere . they used to have good daily specials stencilled right on the front window , so you could n't miss 'em ; now they have bring-your-own wine corking fee specials , which might save you more money anyway . of course , they still have interesting specials , and the regular menu is tasty too . great brunches , especially for mothers ' day , although if you go then , you 'd probably be smart to make reservations , because it 's quite popular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people are always talking up the doc . took a while to finally get around to going and was initially impressed with atmosphere inside . it was dark , cozy - but still had a family-restaurant vibe . there were a few dates in at the time - so it 's not quite east side mario 's . the portion size was very large , the prices were a little too high , and service was so-so . food was ... .ok to slightly not that ok. had a veal parmigiana which came with a tasteless side salad . pasta could have been fresh , but i doubt it . tomato sauce was very plain but a good consistency . veal was better than an italian sandwich place - but not that much . bill for two was about 50 bucks . a little much for a meal not great . could have done a lot better ( out of the neighborhood , for sure ) . interesting item : lemon hopper : lemonade grass hopper beer . not delicious ... .but interesting . skip it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am not your pompous artsy food guy . i am a regular guy who likes good food and good service . i have been here a couple of times as buddy lives around here . i was very impressed at the portion sizes and the service . so many places you go you get very little for very much . i found the portions well above average for canada no us ! ! the service was great but not excellent as it seems to be busy every time i went . overall great place to go and sit with friends and have a great meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmm . i love brunch ! i went here with a group of my friends and was so happy at how good it was . my friend who 's from the area hyped it and it did not disappoint . i had the eggs florentine and it was delish ! it came with homefries and fruit . yum ! topped that with a caesar and you get brunch heaven ! the service there was great as well which really makes brunch all that better . i hate brunch places with bad service . it 's already early on a saturday ( anything before 1pm is early to me ) and the last thing i want to deal with is attitude . i was lucky to go there with no lineup . yay for no lineups ! overall - i enjoyed it and would go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place , been a regular since it opened . casual atmosphere with great food , from burgers to steak , pasta to seafood . nightly features and desserts . we 've been for brunch , lunch and dinner , but i think brunch is my favorite , my usual is eggs dostoyevsky . splitting a sandwich with their delicious mushroom soup is a regular thing for us in the colder months for lunch . if you have n't been , i 'd recommend giving it a go ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. g 's . took me years to finally go there , passed by it all the time but it looked so small from the outside , never went in . well now it is the go-to for my wife and i for brunch in the hood . service is great , food is fantastic , usually no problem getting a seat ( though we tend to go later than most ) , and just really consistent . which is what i like in a brunch joint . we 've been there for dinner as well and the food was just as good as it always was , drinks were good , nice wine selection , and the cheap corking fees during the week make the whole package really attractive . cozy warm atmosphere , great service , great food . a staple in my life nowadays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "say it ai n't so ! after eating a large plate of splendid eggs benedict on saturday , my server tells me the owner of this place is hanging up her apron after 10 years very soon . if you see this , hurry to dr . generosity before it closes ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had 'brunch ' here at 1.40p on saturday and the crowd was manageable ; pretty much no wait for small groups i tried the french toast , which everyone raved about ... it was pretty good , but not fantastic ... maybe my expectations were just higher coz it seemed like everyone died after eating it . the sausages were surprisingly yummy and the hot sauce i requested for was actually hot spicy . nice . i got the mimosa to go with it . good combo . reasonable prices . fairly cute , cozy decor . really cute name", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , cozy ! i 've been many many times for brunch , lunch and dinner . you ca n't beat $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 3 ( mon , tues , wed respectively ) wine corking fees . my favourite is the grilled beef salad or the tuna sandwich , the liver is actually really really good . i 've never ordered an entire meal of it , but always take a bite from someone else who has ordered it . all their brunch options are amazing . it is a great place to bring kids , they take good care and are very patient with them us . ask for the gallery seat when being seated ... it is such a treat ! only for 2-3 people tho .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their eggs dostoyevsky ( smoked salmon benedict ) is my favourite brunch item in the city . the huevos rancheros is also quite good . i 'm not a coffee buff , but i like their coffee compared to most restaurants . service is always good . it 's a bit pricey , and i 've never been as impressed with a dinner here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great brunch ! we have compared all our other brunches to the one we had here ... .. but nothing has come close ! the prices are very reasonable and the service is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , familial place . cork fee is good from monday to wednesday ( 1-5 $ max ) and ridiculous thursday to sunday ( 15 $ ) . layed back ambiance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first two times i had dined here were awful - bad service , crap food , etc . then my colleague who used to work there suggested i go back . glad i did because it 's way better ! service is amazing and it 's the best brunch i 've ever had ! also their french onion soup is wow ! love the little bar in the front..and they do have an upstairs area for groups !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here for dinner and managed to land the best table in the house , according to the waitress , its a booth and leveled up higher than everyone elses . i loved the menu selection as well as their wine list . definitely a good place for a girls night out or a date .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three and half stars for the food . two and half stars for the service . there was a sense of rushedness that made it very uncomfortable to enjoy our meal . they were n't outright rude but ... i get it that you 're busy , but ... . it 's weird how annoying it is for someone to constantly come by , and offer to take your plate away ( one of our group had n't finished her meal , while two of us had , and she was mortified.. ) . once the last person finished , there was n't any `` would you like dessert or anything else ? '' type of questions , but rather , just the waitress plopping the bill on our table . i guess , we sure got the message - you need the table . really the quickest brunch ever : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty decent brunch place . great atmosphere . ordered the pulled pork benny and it was pretty good . it got really soggy quickly so while the first couple bites were delish , the last half was too wet . the cappuccino was really nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "solid brunch . had the bloor st west special ( eggs , cream cheese , sausage ) with a side of the house angry hot sauce ( amazingly hot - thank you ! ) . wife had the stuffed blueberry banana french toast with sausage on the side . both meals were massive and well prepped . fresh squeezed oj was great . busy place so do n't be surprised if you need to wave your server for coffee refill but service was still very friendly . one of the better brunches i 've had in a bit . cool woody almost cottagey decor as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ambiance was nice . this places seems to be really popular for brunch and lunch.however , i thought the food was overpriced for what it was . the lamb burger bun was not fresh and the burger itself was not that flavorful . i was also expecting some more creativity with the fixings for the price i paid . the soup of the day side i ordered was as basic as you could get . it tasted like canned soup with lumps of shredded cheddar cheese in in . in summary , this place has food on par with a chain casual dining restaurant but charges more . i would not go out of my way for this place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have only had brunch here once : salmon bennie and a ceasar . it was ok , not bad , not great , just ok . the lines on the weekend are a bit ridiculous , but the service is fast and friendly . i 'd recommend it , but i feel like there are way better brunch places out there . however , if you 're in the area and want something more convenient on a saturday or sunday afternoon , this is probably your best bet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm always greeted with a smile when i come here -- the owner knows me by name . we are almost always seated quickly , even when it 's busy ( and it often is ! ) . service is fast , unpretentious , helpful , friendly , and efficient . i never feel like the servers are trying to `` up-sell '' me . the food is always good -- i come here almost every sunday for brunch . nice portion size , child friendly , good service . thanks , dr . generosity ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the grilled vegetable and goat cheese salad is really yummy . the salad portion they offer is huge . i mistakenly added calamari to the salad once and they were pratically falling off the plate . way too much food . they serve the goat cheese as a full round- about the size of a hockey puck . pretty legit . a fun , casual spot and the prices are on the mark .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simply brilliant . one of the best brunches i have ever hard . period . tip : get there before 10am to avoid lines . or go there midweek . can not wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to eat here a lot , but went off it after awhile . food became the same , and was decidedly 'okay ' , but not awesome . was too pricey to eat with the family on a regular basis .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what is not to love at dr . g 's ! ? i love the place so much that each time my meal arrives i exclaim : the dr is in ! this is an establishment that clearly understands what constitutes good service and good food . simple , healthy food without pretension . we go for the burgers , pasta specials and the in-house hot sauce known as 'angry sauce . ' i will see you tonight for dinner , dr. !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in bloor west village and i 've been going to dr. g 's for quite some time . my experiences are limited to breakfasts and lunches but i 've always been fairly happy with the food and service . definitely not worth 5 stars , but its a good spot to eat nonetheless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for brunch on a saturday morning after reading reviews of the huevos rancheros , and i have to say they completely lived up to the hype ! beans , salsa , guac and a whole mess of ingredients hit my plate and left me so full i was feeling sick afterwards ( in a good , over-satisfied way ) ! my buddy has a traditional bacon and egg breakfast , which was also pretty good . plus we got a spot on their patio ... which was tiny but pretty nice on a summer day . definitely worth checking out especially if you 're a fan of huevos rancheros !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow what a disappointment . i 've heard good things , but this place let me down on every level . food was sub par , potatoes were underdone . manager was rude and said that her main concern was making a profit which was a shock . food - 4 atmosphere - 6 service - 3 skip this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have only been here once , a while back , but i remember the food as being surprisingly tasty . staff were nice too . the atmosphere is a bit stuffy - my only complaint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've just visited dr.g 's for the first time and i loved it ! the service was great , greeted with a smile and although we stayed a good half hour after close ( oops sorry ! ) they did n't seem to mind at all now more importantly the food . amazing ! their chili cheese nachos had the perfect proportions of chili to cheese and beans to meat . most places where i order nachos i 'll get to the bottom with left over chips and still hungry . between my friends and i ( who are both big eaters ) we finished the whole plate and both of us were stuffed . never have i ordered just nachos and been full , so hats off to you ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always good food and good service . have eaten here 20+ times in the last two years and have never had a bad experience . try the chocolate martini .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i find the food here is variable , sometimes scrumptious , other times just meh . for the prices they charge , everything should be excellent , but not so . i have to say it 's a really family friendly place that welcomes toddlers and babies and they have a clean roomy ground floor family washroom in the rear , something not that common in the older buildings in the neighborhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great environment , eggs florentine was fantastic , good value too ! i went for weekday lunch , worked construction nearby . no complaints here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for brunch on a saturday around noon . they do n't take reservations and the wait was at least 30-40 mins for a table of four . we got the 1 ) eggs benny special - eggs benny on bbq pulled pork and jalape\u00f1o cornbread . good but not great . 2 ) huevos rancheros - 2 poached eggs on a grilled tortilla with sour cream , house hot sauce and guar . i loved every part of this dish ! 3 ) side of sausage was also very good . service was spotty but understandable considering that they were packed busy and the food made up for it ! i 'll be back again when i 'm craving the huevos : ) p.s they also have really tasty apricot ale on tap !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the french toast again today ... ... .and i could n't help but think , this is five star . so there you go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my sunday brunch place . it delivers . busy , yes . a couple spots in the front bar are my fav . biiiiig room in the back for lots of people too . okay for breakie , it 's not your cheapest bet . but i 'm here for quality . coincidentally , quantity is there too . my staple is a large freshly squeezed oj , and whatever eggs benny special they 've got on that day . the home fries are amazing . a simple thing that surprisingly can fail , but they do not here . the special will put you back about $ 13-15 bucks . worth every penny . i 've always had great , attentive service . see you next sunday !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan . i work next door , i 'm always trying to like it . honest . the nachos are terrible . flat out bad . the macaroni and cheese is alright . totally edible . but pretty bland . and the owner ( or manager ? ) , if he is a doctor of generosity , he certainly is n't a doctor of kindness . he 's always scowling and kind of unhelpful . miss it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went for dinner tonight with my family . my mom order some sea food special for an appetizer , she felt that it was not cooked properly and it smelled horrible . she let the waitress know and she went and told an older lady with white hair ( manager ? owner ? ) she marched over to my mom and very rudely told her that it was cooked properly and she tasted it herself . my mom disagreed and then she continued to argue about it until i butted in and told her , the costumer is always right and to stop arguing with my mom ! it was unbelievable ! ! the rest of the dinner went well but it is 4 hours later and my sister has violent diarrhea and vomiting ! she had a sea food pasta ... i told her to call the health department and collect a sample for them to analyze . thankfully my mom refused to eat the seafood dish she was served ! that white haired lady 's attitude was already enough for us to never return . she should be fired .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a good spot for brunch in the bloor west section of town . the food is good , but not the greatness that i hoped . i had the banana and blueberry stuffed french toast which was good but not great . my friend had the eggs and kielbasa . it was also good but not great . it was not terribly busy here and i thought the ambiance was perfect for meeting a large group of friends and catching up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great brunch spots that are n't rammed are hard to come by nowadays , and i 'm jumping for joy after a friend suggested we have brunch at dr . generosity . i 've been to this restaurant for dinner a number of times in the past and have always loved their specials and byow policy . corkage fees are dirt cheap mon-wed and managable thurs-sun ( $ 15 a bottle ) . i love that i have another reason to go here now . last sunday i tried the french toast with a side of sausage . a solid meal that did n't break the bank . my friend had a delicious looking waffle with fresh whip cream . the maple syrup was great . it 's close to runnymede station , but for those who drive , there 's free parking on the street until 1 p.m . bonus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was at dr . generosity 's last night with seven friends celebrating a friend 's birthday . this is one of her favourite restaurants and she and her boyfriend go often for brunch . our server was attentive and the food was good ( though my mashed potatoes were dry , cool and salty ) . considering it was a friday night and we were a large party , they did n't rush us out ( we were there from 7 'til 10ish ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this food truck trailer is a must visit . creole cooking that is oh so good ! the gumbo was phenomenal as is the shrimp , and i am not a shrimp fan in the least . to say i 'd order a shrimp basket for myself should speak volumes about the skill with which sandra crafts her offerings . from shreveport , louisiana , sandra bring a wealth of creole knowledge and you 'll be glad you sought out her truck with every tasty , savory bite ! sandra , herself , is such a nice , personal , ebullient lady , serving up heaping helpings of friendly chitchat along with her catfish , shrimp and porkchop po ' boys done the right way . be sure to follow her on twitter ( @ sandradeesfoods ) to find out where she 's parking the trailer and get yourself some good eats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a welcome new addition to the asu food truck block party . id heard about sandra dees southern fare for a while now . my hubby ordered their southern fried chicken ( comes w fries ) and i had the creole hot wings . they were out of water they day we went , so we drank the koolaid ( ha ha ) . my wings were ... .average . i didnt taste any creole seasoning , just hot buffalo sauce . my hubby , however , loved his fried chicken . the one taste he allowed me to have was very good . the chicken was moist and the breading had just that right crunchyness . great seasoning too . while i was disappointed in my meal , it wont stop me from going back to try something different . see you next week sandra dees !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for me , sandra dees exemplifies the true essence of a small business food truck . she is not trying to be anyone she is not , her food is genuine , and she takes pride in making sure her product is top notch . had the shrimp which was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly . it came with a little ramekin of some delicious sauce i would drink on its own . keep up the good work ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they came by my work today and i had to try the cajun food from a louisianan . i had the seafood basket with shrimp and catfish . loved it . the shrimp were delicately battered and fried to perfection . i 'll look them up in the future . a little pricey but worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i fell in love with louisiana 's food when i first visited there earlier this year . sandra dee transports you straight back to the bayou with her cajun food . spicy , fried , and delicious . plus , her big southern personality makes you feel right at home , like you 're part of the family . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic shrimp po-boy ! the ingredients were really fresh , the bread was soft and tasty , the shrimp crispy and the sauce was delicious . it will be hard getting anything else . i 'll have to though since their other dishes look great as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and southern charm - ca n't get any better than that . catfish done perfectly . can not say good enough things about the fried fare ; shrimp , catfish , chicken baskets all delicious and a must try especially for first timers . creole sauce and hot sauce are amazing accompaniments . some of the best gumbo i 've had in phoenix and also a must try if it 's on the menu . poboys are awesome - go for the catfish or shrimp . if sandra has crawfish available , give it a try . absolutely delicious and fun to eat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our company had their food truck at our site today . i chose the pork po boy as i had never had one before . as i waited i noticed everyones orders flying out except mine . i assumed that maybe it took longer and the two people who ordered after me got the same thing and were also waiting . what frustrated me was that those two had there numbers called before mine when i had the same thing . i voiced my concern to the girl and she just laughed an said its coming . what horrible service . i will not be trying their food again . sandwich was average .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "um yum ! ! ! ! sandra dee 's was parked outside of my office today . the advertisment sent by our complex via email was very unassuming . it simply stated sandra dee 's catering with a picture of a truck and a short list of menu items . benigets , coffee , biscuits and gravey chicken and waffles . i thought hmmm not everyone can do biscuits and gravy justice maybe i 'll check it out . then i looked them up on yelp and found that sandra dee is from louisianna ! jack pot ! it 's against the law to be from louisianna and not know how to cook b n g ! well at least it should be . so now fueled with this new information i am on a mission to hit up this food truck ! wow the flavor ! a few bites of biscuit were dry however the generous serving of very flavorful gravy moistened it right up ! i will definately keep my eye out for more goodies from miss sandra dee ! i think the dee is for deelish ! might have to go back for a beniget !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so good ! the food here is truly exceptional and authentic ! they were good enough to help out at our charity event ( on short notice ) . they were on site and set up on time and everyone loved the amazing food ! sandra was so personable and sweet . thank you for everything , i would recommend you to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had po ' boys at lunch today and they were well seasoned and tasted fresh . my oysters were crispy ! we will definitely be returning . thank you , for the friendly service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the sandra dee triple ! fried oysters shrimp and catfish ! they give you some awesome dipping sauces and french fries and i ate waaaay too much ! but by golly was it ever good ! thank you sandra ! i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "be sure to shop their locations ! prices can vary significantly depending on where they park", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite vape shops in the valley , this place has a nice vibe at all times and i 'm welcome in there whenever to spend all the time i please . if your a regular , jack , colleen and all the other employees will keep you much entertained . there 's many shops around who are just condescending and think they 're some vape gods who can be rude if you do n't blow clouds the size of kansas . all the workers know what they 're doing and stay researching on their products and have a carry a very good juice line ( voda ) and their in house juice line is pretty good too . some hits and misses , but that 's just personal preference . for the other review telling you to go to pink spot cause of price . that 's completely absurd . have fun spending $ 10 on a 3 foot spool of 32g kanthal , juice made in a backroom , and overpriced kanger products", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they never have anything i want in stock , and always suggest that i come back once their shipment has arrived . they are always trying to up sell , i know what i want when i walk in but always end up being there for much longer because of this . they are far more expensive then other places i have bought vape equipment from . when i signed up for their loyalty program i specifically asked if they were going to fill my inbox with junk and they said no . the loyalty program requires a phone number and i gave them my email so that i could email my receipts . i should have known better , they spam the crap out of me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in here new years day and really wasnt impressed . employees just roll themselves around on chairs . the juices are descent but not on the same level as alot of the shops in the area . the mod prices are way inflated . also while i was at the bar trying flavors of juices , some old lady that was drinking coffee at a table next too me looked a little perturbed every time i blew a cloud up . she proceeded too get a box fan turned it on and pointed it directly at me my wife and son . i thought that was a little rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its a nice little area , right next to the cracked egg and tea time cafe . the shop itself is pretty small , but i honestly enjoyed that . the size makes it feel personal and if i were a first time vaper , just coming off smoking , this would be the kind of environment i 'd want to walk into . the two ladies working were very nice and polite , making for easy conversation while i browsed their selection . the juices they had were neatly labled and in clearomizers for sampling and they were nice enough to let me sample some of their juices . a great boon for me was the tobacco juices they had . it was actually the fact they had tobacco based eliquids that brought me in . most shops wo n't carry a lot and if they do , they 're at a low nicotine level and too artifical tasting to me . i was lucky enough to find 2 tobacco flavors i liked . overall , i liked the friendly , personal atmosphere of this shop and the selection of juices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have a wide selection of juices . there is also a rewards program , which is great for buying juices because you can end up getting one for free . also , the products here are way higher quality than most cigarette shops that i have seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is so friendly , i 'm a newbie to vaping and they practically held my hand to tell me about the different offerings . i was even called back a couple weeks after my first visit to come in to get a free juice ! i won a december special evidently . i will warn anyone that visits to set aside some time because it does get full of patrons rather quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only vape shop i 'll go to , super friendly , always helpful , and always have great deals going on . id recommend giving it a try if you do n't want to feel rushed , and want to check out the latest and greatest", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every experience i 've had has been a great one . great team and solid selection of high end mods and juices . if you 're looking to get a solid set up , jack is the guy you wan na talk to . solid guy- he 's not going to rip you off like most people in all of these vape shops and he will dial you in with something that accommodates your needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way too overpriced ... spent $ 45 on 2 30ml juice ( on sale ! ) and denied mummy military discount because of this so called `` sale '' not much of a selection on their mods either a bunch of out dated mods attys ( should be an antique store . ) then $ 10 for 3ft of kanthal . to my fellow vapers and cloud chasers . just as a recommendation try out vapestreetlv ! i 've gone to multiple shops out here and this is by far the best shop ! they have a serious selection of juices mods attys ! i went there and found the same two juices for $ 35 ... and all wire is $ 1 ft. and bundle sales ! ! seriously ! these guys are winning ! lol unless you like giving your money away ... then relax , cuz your in the right place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'd like thank colleen and her staff for hooking me up with first vape : d i got the smpl mod with the doge v2 add-on . i work in the building next door and my company was thoroughly impressed with their customer service and friendliness . they have new customers for a long time now : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jack is the man ! extremely knowledgeable and helpful . his builds are legendary ! the entire team is helpful and can do it all ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to place once but i 'll definitely be back . really cool place to hang out and everyone seems really knowledgeable ! ca n't wait to come back and try the flavors that they have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this shop usually can go in and not even have to think about what is needed because they know me so well . i went in early one morning asked the girl to clean and build a mod for me , i was n't really paying attention to her working on it as we were all talking and laughing ( like i said i really do love this shop ) , i tipped her and went home . i went to vape and noticed that my cotton was n't changed or the coil was n't rebuilt , i was very confused because i was sure that the time i spent in the shop made sense for all that to be done . this was upsetting because i asked for her to do something for me and tipped her well for it , if i only wanted it shined up it would be different and would have tipped accordingly to that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . great customer service . very friendly staff ! definitely coming back here for my juices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like coming here to hang out great people and good vibes but the prices are a little high still good place to go though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a great place to hang out , vape and just relax lol . it 's such a fun place . i 'm going back for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go place for my vapin needs anytime i go in jack is always willing to help me out he goes above and beyond evrytime i would highly recommend this shop", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just recently began shopping at `` relax just vapin '' , and have been impressed at the quality of service and products . i invested in the `` mini super tank '' by tobeco , and have enjoyed they 're blue raspberry juice . the tank is a perfect fit for me personally since i 'm not a `` heavy hitter '' . and the juice has great flavor . however that is not the reason for the five star rating obviously . the service and atmosphere there is very comfortable , with a home like feel as soon as i walk through the door . associate lisa has been very helpful , kind , and sweet assisting me with all that i need . as a customer service manager myself i well aware of the care and concern she expresses for her customers . i would , and do recommend relax . to anyone that wants quality in service and support . thank you to you all and a special thanks to lisa . sincerely : anthony c .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best vaping shop for first timers . the employees are always so helpful and willing to spend so much time with you to make sure you know everything you need know . i recommend coming here ! i know i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are n't any good vape shops on the north side of vegas ( my side of town ) , but out of the few this definitely is the best . all of the staff is super friendly and helpful . i would give them 5 stars , but they tend to run out of the better juices before shipment comes in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in here on a pinch because my tfv4 leaked out before i got to work and did n't have my juice on me , great staff , very friendly , very helpful ! i like the selection of premium juices and they had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't help but love this place . clean store and knowledgeable staff . the only downfall is all of the staff is to talented at what they do . i mean come on and give the other stores a chance to catch up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been looking for a vape shop ever since moving to town a month ago . we read the good reviews and decided to check this place out . we were not disappointed ! the staff were very friendly and helpful . they knew the products they were selling and were n't trying to push their opinion on us . i saw one of the staff helping a couple of new vapers and he was wonderful with explaining to them how to use a mod and getting them something that would cater to them . we also tried some great flavors as well . we will definitely be back as this is a great vape shop on the nw side !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sushi in stuttgart ! the new larger location ( yes , it has moved to theodore-huess stra\u00dfe , near magazin manufactum ) has allowed them to expand the menu to include japanese entrees , as well . give it a try ! you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jeder hat nat\u00fcrlich seinen eigenen bewertungsma\u00dfstab . in stuttgart kann ich aus eigener erfahrung fai sushi direkt mit den beiden kaiten-restaurants sakura und ginza sowie mit den eher traditionellen restaurants kicho und tokio dining vergleichen . und in diesem vergleich muss ich fai sushi volle 5 sterne geben . klar , es hat kein all-you-can-eat , daf\u00fcr hat es auch kein tiramisu und bratwurst auf dem band , sondern frische sushi mit echtem sushireis , mild ges\u00e4uert , nix aufgew\u00e4rmtes vom vortag . und seit es die neue karte mit den nicht-sushi-gerichten hat , kann man auch mal auf was warmes zur\u00fcckgreifen . es ist ja leider derzeit nicht der sommer , um immer auf der ( ansonsten sch\u00f6nen ) terrasse sitzen zu k\u00f6nnen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this so-called sushi restaurant does not deserve a single star ; instead , it warrants a five-flag warning . if you have cravings for beef jerky , i recommend ordering their tuna . and , if you are n't afraid of risking food poisoning , this may just be the right eatery for you . their `` sushi '' comes with a days-old stench and apparent discoloration from staleness . ( to top their disgusting fish in both appearance and taste , their manager refused to address the question regarding the fish delivery date multiple times . instead , she condescendingly made a point of running the business for 15 years , which in result made her a sushi expert . ) since when is `` continued refrigeration '' a guarantee for freshness , which was as blatantly absent as bill clinton at draft time . been eating sushi around the world for 20 years but this was the most arrogant , stomach-churning and ignorant display of japanese cuisine . do n't waste your taste buds or cash on this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "conveyor belt sushi restaurants rock . you get a variety of sushi come at you and you pick what you fancy . caveat - you got ta go at the right time . when 's the right time ? during peak lunch or dinner times . why ? the sushi chefs will put out a good variety of different plates on the conveyor belt . otherwise , if you go when it 's slow , the plates and variety go down significantly . if what you want is n't on the conveyor belt , ask the waitress and she 'll bring it out . they also serve entree dishes but i have n't tried them yet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think the idea of having the variety of sushi on the conveyor belt was a neat idea and depending on the color of the plate the sushi is on tells you the price of the sushi . the restaurant was nice and clean . however , i did n't not think that the quality of sushi was very good . not until after the fact did we realize that you could order sushi that was n't on the belt . we were waiting for the better rolls that we saw on the menu to come around on the belt but they never did . all along we could have just ordered it . all in all , i just did n't think the quality and types of rolls available were very good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zugegeben , in stuttgart mangelt es etwas an japanischen restaurants bzw . sushi-lokalen . fai sushi ist ein kleines sushi-train-lokal mit relativ guter auswahl an sushis ( und v.a . fischen ) , auf jeden fall um l\u00e4ngen besser als das `` sakura '' . qualit\u00e4t relativ hochwertig , aber auch ziemlich teuer . pro person hat man locker \u00fcber 20 euro los ( ohne extras , getr\u00e4nke ) . im vergleich zu anderen japanern in st\u00e4dten wie hamburg , d\u00fcsseldorf etc . oder japan direkt , nicht so toll , aber es gibt in stuttgart - wie gesagt - wenig alternativen ( au\u00dfer kicho , welches aber kein sushi-train ist ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ist zwar schon etwas l\u00e4nger her , dass ich dort war , das hat aber auch seinen grund : die bedienung war nicht wirklich zuvorkommend . es sah alles sehr nach massenabfertigung aus . alle sushi-variation waren ein wenig fad und der preis ist f\u00fcr meinen geschmack auch etwas zu hoch . schade .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "es ist unglaublich , wie man die offensichtlich `` dummen deutschen '' wohl schr\u00f6pfen kann ... generell sollte man ja bei running sushi in deutschland vorsichtig sein , wie ich mittlerweile gelernt habe . die frische der zutaten ( seetangbl\u00e4tter und fisch ) zeugt nicht gerade von gutem qualit\u00e4tsstandard . das preis- leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis ist jenseits von gut und b\u00f6se , wohl aber - wie auch mittlerweile gelernt habe - f\u00fcr stuttgarter verh\u00e4ltnisse `` normal '' ... fazit : leute , lasst die finger von dem laden und glaubt nicht , hier qualitativ gutes sushi zu bekommen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir haben dort mehrmals gegessen , als wir noch in ulm wohnten . es gab vor 3 jahren nicht grad viele alternativen ) wenn man sich zeit l\u00e4\u00dft , kann man ( n ) schon ne ganze menge teller anh\u00e4ufen ; - ) und sooo schlecht war die qualit\u00e4t nicht . allerdings folgte dann immer eine gesalzene rechnung ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fai in neuer umgebung leider buht mehr das was es mal war . sushi etwas fade , preise leicht erh\u00f6ht alles etwas kleiner was einerseits darauf zur\u00fcckzuf\u00fchren ist dass im 1. og ein japan . restaurant angeschlossen ist aber das running sushi genie\u00dfen wenn man mit r\u00fccken zur t\u00fcr sitzt und es eiskalt hereinweht , geht schlecht ... viell tut sich ja noch was am etwas unausgegorenen running sushi konzept und l\u00e4sst das japan restaurant erstmal hinten an .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sicherlich ist fai-sushi nur die nummer 3 der japanischen restaurants in stuttgart . sushi & wok und feinkost b\u00f6hm bieten sicherlich bessere qualit\u00e4t , aber halt auch zu h\u00f6heren preisen . wir waren jedenfalls letzte woche durchaus zufrieden , wenngleich ich mich mit dem running-sushi-system und der etwas k\u00fchlen atmosph\u00e4re nach wie vor schwer tue . auch das japanische bier konnte sich durchaus sehen lassen und mit insgesamt 44 , - eur sind wir eigentlich auch noch ganz gut weg gekommen .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "muss man nicht haben aber wer auf sushi vom flie\u00dfband steht ist hier genau richtig", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wer sushi liebt ist hier meiner meinung nach falsch ... ich war schon \u00f6fter dort aber so richtig gl\u00fccklich war ich danach noch nie . wenn man aber einfach mal kurz etwas sushi snacken will , gibt es in stuttgart leider kaum alternativen . da gibt es in anderen deutschen st\u00e4dten deutlich bessere imbiss-sushi l\u00e4den die dazu noch preiswerter sind . das bew\u00e4hrt-flotte fliessband-konzept und die zentrale lage sind aber die gr\u00fcnde die mich ab und zu doch wieder reintreiben .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "auf jeden fall f\u00fcr echte sushifans nicht zu empfehlen , alleine die sch\u00fcsseln sind gef\u00fchlte 30 jare alt , wenn sich dann noch auf der glas\u00fcberschale das kondenswasser absetzt einen guten arzt bitte nein im ernst einfach schelchte qualit\u00e4t kann ich keinem empfehlen !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "es mag ja sein , dass es in anderen st\u00e4dten bessere sushi-lokale gibt , aber f\u00fcr mich geh\u00f6rt ein besuch im fai-shushi zu jeder shoppingtour in stuttgart . denn das sushi ist frisch und lecker , die bedienungen freundlich und den preis ist f\u00fcr sushi auch ok , finde ich . klar , wenn man sich nur von schwarzen und gelben tellerchen ern\u00e4hrt ( teuerste preisklasse ) ist es sehr teuer , aber im vergleich zu einem gutb\u00fcrgerlichen lokal komme ich mit einem querschnitt aus allen tellern genauso teuer und bin genauso satt . im gegenteil : beim wirtshaus muss ich oft noch die f\u00fcr mich zu gro\u00dfen portionen wieder zur\u00fcckgehenlassen und trotzdem zahlen ! hier kann ich genau so viel essen , wie ich mag !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "running sushis sind in stuttgart ja leider rar . dieses ist jedoch auch keine bereicherung . angeboten werden nur die `` \u00fcblichen verd\u00e4chtigen '' , teilweise etwas lieblos zubereitet . einzig die lage ist positiv , was auch mangels alternativen dann doch zu dem einen oder anderen besuch verleitet .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mit der frische des sushi auf dem band hatte ich keine probleme . man kann auch sehen , wie der koch das sushi zubereitet und aufs band stellt.spezielle w\u00fcnsche kann man auch \u00e4u\u00dfern und nach entsprechender zeit bekommt man es serviert oder es kommt auf dem band vorbei . es gibt auch s\u00fc\u00dfe teilchen . die teller haben farben und entsprechend wird abgerechnet . in der summe : nicht schlecht , aber im verh\u00e4ltinis recht teuer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was f\u00fcr eine entt\u00e4uschung ! die preise gehoben , die qualit\u00e4t d\u00fcrftig , das passt so nicht ! der maki war sehnig und nicht frisch , der lachs ebenfalls , die miso-suppe eine t\u00fctensuppe ( kein scherz ! ) , unflexibel in der bestellung , leider sehr unbefriedigend ! welten zwischen i love sushi und fai sushi , aber eine solche entt\u00e4uschung habe ich schon lange nicht erlebt ! teuer , miese qualit\u00e4t , ich werde nie wieder hingehen !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unerwartet ( denn man sitzt an einer art theke ) angenehme atmosph\u00e4re.kreative speisen und alles was wir probiert haben war lecker.leider eher kleine auswahl bei makis.f\u00fcr die portionsgr\u00f6\u00dfen sind die preise etwas hoch.kurz : nicht schlecht .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nettes ambiente , genau richtige auswahl aus sushi und suppen , running sushi nach tellerfarben - also kein schw\u00e4bisches allyoucaneat - aber das seh ich eher als qualit\u00e4tsmerkmal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fai ist umgezogen . neue r\u00e4umlichkeiten in der lautenschlagerstr . 20 . wie schon immer : running sushi in guter qualit\u00e4t zu fairen preis . eine alternative zum stets vollen und auch teuren b\u00f6hm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich fands damals zwar nicht schlecht aber auch nicht sooo wahnsinnig toll . vor allem sehr teuer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.75 breakfast special ! the sweet tea is the bomb . pretty waitresses ? no ! good eggs and bacon ? yes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people in my office have been coming here for ever and i finally came with them . it was chicken and dumplings day . while the plate was n't esthetically pleasing it was delicious ! the food is good , home cooking , southern food . the staff is friendly and extremely welcoming . i noticed that some of the wait staff took interest in their regulars lives , and i think that 's sweet . overall a good experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hello friends , my sister and i used to meet some of her police buddies here years ago very often for lunch . a few weeks ago i over heard someone saying that they went here for breakfast . that sparked a notion for me to revisit . i ordered eggs ( with cheese ) , grits , ham and coffee . i hate when ordering eggs w cheese and it comes out with that processed cheese that 's sold as singles . yuck ... moreover , i do n't like it when it comes out just placed on top of the eggs . ( what 's up with that ? why not scramble the cheese into the eggs ) . everything was pretty good as far as taste . food + tax + tip..around 9 bucks", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish i could give no stars this place does not kno how to follow an order all 3 times iv been there im done ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent open face turkey sandwich with gravy . fast and friendly service . highly recommend for a traditional meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to pressley park since forever and it 's always been a dependable `` meat+three '' place to go . last week i was in the area and stopped in for lunch . i happened to be in a hamburger mode so i ordered the double cheeseburger . i will have to say that cheeseburger was one of the worst cheeseburgers i 've had . two pieces of identical slabs of hamburger that looked like they had just gone from the freezer to the bun , bypassing the flattop altogether . cheese squares then flopped on and hardly melted . all on a sort of dry bun . it just was n't what i was expecting or what should have been served . yes , i 'll go back some day but will probably stick with the veggie plate .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pressley park restaurant : a charlotte west-side institution , has perhaps the best breakfast deals in the city.the food is much better than any chain could hope for , and the service is great , its like eating at your moms house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited this restaurant this morning for breakfast , food and service was good , and i 'm very picky . definitely a hidden gem in charlotte ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just tried the place because i was close . had one of the daily lunch specials . chicken pot pie was decent . fried okra was not that great . mac and cheese treated like out of a box . corn bread was ok. cobbler was mediocre . this place seems to be known for breakfast and sweet tea , neither of which i had . it does have a charming little diner appeal but food not that great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cheap , lousy truck stop food . everything on the menu is either frozen , or comes from a can . i honestly ca n't recommend this place , unless you are very hungry and low on cash .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "home cook food with love . hard to spot if your not paying attention but its a pot of gold if you do . trust me you will never be let down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little breakfast dive . quick , great service , good food - cooked to order . decor is a bit outdated - but that just adds to the ambience . have been coming here occasionally for years - never been disappointed . this is a landmark in the area- been around for many years . not open in the evenings or on weekends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i was starving one morning and forgot to make my breakfast for work and it just so happened some other co-workers were ordering i ordered the breakfast sandwich ( eggs , bacon , cheese ) and a side of hash browns . hahaha too funny ... white bread was used ... american cheese ... classic southern i guess , but it was n't bad ... it was just as it was ... basic and served its point and inexpensive . the hash browns were good , but if i order from them again , i 'd ask if they could crisp them up a bit more . all in all , it was just fine . it wo n't be a staple , but a place to call on should i forget my breakfast once again . oh and they are plus as they deliver to our offices and are always quite busy . thanks for the breakfast filled me up and i did n't even need my lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are currently pushing a breakfast platter special for $ 5- $ 6 bucks . it 's close to work and was ready for take out in about 7 minutes . you can see how they package it . nicely buttered toast on top , jelly , ketchup and plastic ware . under the wax sheet are eggs , sausage and hash browns ( i think they have other breakfast meats and grits for substitutes ) . everything was great though it feels like the hash browns are a little off ... like they should be crispier ( not sure if that 's my preference or if they are trying to get these out too fast ) . anyway , i doubt this is a destination restaurant with an ihop up on woodlawn but if you work in this park and want a decent breakfast , go for it . it 's better to support the mom-and-pop places instead of mcdonalds anyway .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a number of times and i 've gotten a stomach ache every time i have eaten here . breakfast , lunch ... even the salads seem like they come with a layer of grease . the only good thing about this place is that they have a drive-thru . update -- they do have yummy sweet tea , i got ta say", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stumbled onto the location after tile shopping . first impression was favorable . waitress was courteous . ordered tuesday special which said that two sides come with dish . while checking out , i questioned the extra $ 2.85 and was told that coleslaw was considered an extra . i said that i disagree but the person who checked me out gave me my change and walked away leaving me standing . i will not return or recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nasty ... just plain nasty ... we ordered delivery here at work and it was delivered . i ordered the shrimp and flounder plate which cost $ 13.28 with included gratuity . the mac and cheese looks like something out of the box with the powder cheese . i think i had 23 fries and a dry piece of cornbread . first time and definitely my last ! oh yeah , i forgot to mention they sent a driver that i think was related to satan . she did n't even speak or smile . all she came to do was take our money and did n't have the courtesy to say `` thank you '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good old school country food . prices are perfect and the staff is very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good selection . have never been let down by the food . diner type selection from the northeast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food here is ok. price point is also ok on certain dishes . quantity is decent , and service is quick . out of convenience sake , i get take out here quite often . it 's right across the street from my work . i get the ham egg and cheese sandwich in the morning . that runs a little expensive at around $ 5 . the lunch is more reasonable if you get any of their lunch combos you are paying close to $ 10 , and you get quite a bit of food . taste wise everything is mediocre . the chicken is a bit dry , but seasoned well . they 've got a little drive through which is convenient . the ladies that work there are very nice , and so is the owner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today is my first time at jade nails . the bio seaweed nails with tips cost $ 55 for single color . i think the french was only $ 50 . the girl wendy did an amazing job . i will def be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for a quickie mani-ped . my manipedicurist , wendy , was fairly fastidious without compromising on speed . the selection of colours was somewhat vast but not extremely up-to-date . i proclaim this spot as a `` meh '' for the decor and ambiance and an `` a-ok '' for skill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i walked in on friday at noon for a pedicure and the receptionist was very nice and they accommodated me within a few minutes - even though they seemed busy with 5-6 current customers . what i liked : - friendly and polite nail technician - quick shoulder massage while waiting for nails to dry - fair price ( $ 26 + tax ) - loyalty card - $ 10 off after 10 visits", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for any kind of spa services ! their manicure service comes with a mini shoulder massage which is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm very please with the service . the staff was very accomodating when i walked in for pedi . i love the meticulous service . plus the place is clean & neat . i also had a complimentary mini shoulder massage post pedi . i highly recommend this place and would definitely come back . i got an awesome staff emma , very friendly , cheerful & seem to be enjoying her job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here based on other reviews for a standard manicure.. definitely did n't meet my expectations . the girl doing my nails talked to her coworkers almost the whole time , was n't paying attention when she filed my nails so some are filed at a weird angle . she just seemed rushed . for $ 16 my nails are okay.. but i wo n't be going back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friday afternoon walk-in for regular mani-pedi ( $ 36 ) . looked clean . service is ok. do n't expect any styling on your nails as it does n't seem like their usual service as they were surprised when i asked to put some bling on the ring fingers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "by far my favourite nail place . i have tried so many over the years but have been going to jade for my gel nails exclusively for about a year now . they never make you wait when you have an appointment , great colour selection and my nails always turn out fantastic . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to many nail salons in my day . i just left jade nails and was not impressed by the experience at all . the nail technicians were on their cell phones half the time they were doing my nails . the massage given was painful at times . cleanliness could have also been better . no attention from staff throughout the experience at all . i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! this place is nice and clean.. the girls take their time and do a great job ... i got a pedi and gel nails done here for my wedding , and they were perfect ! went back another time for a shellac mani and pedi- perfect again.. did a massage once too and it was very relaxing.. staff is great and friendly.. i just wish i lived closer so i could go more often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved how my nails turned out . great hand massage . would recommend ! see photos of pokemon nails . : ) my nails were done by wendy . she took time to get it exactly right , painted design and removed it if the line was not perfect ... she did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually come here once a month but the last two visits have been terrible . they 've hired some new girls who do n't know what they 're doing . the shape is gross and they paint unevenly . they also do n't file the nail enough to the point where it cuts the skin underneath . they 're also not as hygienic as they used to be . i 'm so disappointed ) :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are a little hidden in a plaza east of the burger king . called friday night for a saturday morning appointment . i was greeted and sat down immediately when i arrived . great service and fair price ! $ 65 for a shellac mani pedi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever . every customer request seems to be a demand that requires moving mountains . when asked if i could get my nails filed a little shorter she huffed and puffed . when i told her that i did n't like the color after painting one toe nail , again a huff and a puff . she then did n't remove the nail color just painted over it . i mean come on , it was one nail . worst service ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here today on a sunday morning at around 11am to get my nails did . the store opened at 10am today and it was busy when i got there ; considering that i did n't make an appointment , i had to wait about 15 minutes which was not bad . the salon was bigger than i expected when i walked in , i was also greeted by a friendly cashier at the front . my nail technician was nice and sweet . i got a set of shellac manicure done for $ 28 . it was a decent price but i did n't like how they did n't have a specified price list service list that they offer anywhere visible in the salon . i was surprised that i received a mini massage treatment after my session which was a nice finishing touch . it was easy to find and parking was convenient , i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here based on reviews on yelp as its near to home but it definitely did not live up to its standards . i was greeted by the manager at front desk who was n't such a pleasant person . the manicurist doing my shellac manicure did n't fully get rid of my previous shellac properly ( she did n't cover all my nails with the acetone wrap because she was too busy chatting and getting up every second ) so it was chunky when the new coat was applied . she was so rushed doing my nails even though no one was waiting for an appointment which lead to bubbles forming underneath my shellac with the additional chunkiness of the polish . i will not be coming back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recommended ! this review is based off of at least 10 visits- always a good experience : mani pedi wax massage- whatever service i have gotten done has always been a good one . all the ladies here are so nice and do a great job ! clean , pleasant and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast is the most important meal of the day . although the staff were friendly , i 'm not sure how good they are at their jobs . waitress forgot the water , did n't check in to see if we were enjoying our meals even once . had she done so herself , i would n't have been forced to call over the ma\u00eetre d to point out the issues with my meal . although i tried to keep eating the eggs benedict despite the fact that the yolk was cooked through , the 2 medium length hairs i found under the potatoes blew my appetite . hair on my food i can understand that even passers-by can be the cause . unfortunately it was evident that this hair entered within the cooking process . 15-20 minutes later i still had n't received my replacement dish , but the waitress had brought me my check because no one had informed her of my re-fire ( industry term for recoiling a dish ) . womp womp .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing breakfasts , great menu , fair prices and nice decor . i always ask for items not on the menu and 99 % of the time its not a problem . even when busy my coffee keeps getting refilled . service is prompt and polite . i do n't like that i always have to ask for water , it should be brought right away , but when i ask , they gladly bring it . be hungry when you go as the portions are not massive , but very generous !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family & i were on the look out for a restaurant we ate at years ago , however , we could not find it . being starving , we stopped here instead . at first the experience was n't that great , they seemed understaff for such a busy time and thus we sat for 10 minutes before a waitress came to even give us our menus . after this , things moved along much better , the food came fast and it was magnificent . the only thing was that the server forgot to give us our drinks and so we had to ask half way through the meal . the waitress was extremely nice though , and i 'm sure the service would 've been better if they had more servers . i recommend the eggs , pancake filled with strawberry , that comes with potates , toast and a choice of sausage , ham or bacon . i devour the ketchup , so i 'm glad they had a bottle readily available .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lox platter . it is definitely something out of this world ! demolished it , but it was quite a struggle . it 's absolutely beautiful and definitely not what i pictured when ordering it . the fruit was super delicious as well as the lox . coming from california , they did n't have jalape\u00f1os , avocado or hot sauce . this place was definitely busy even on a cold rainy day ! prices were great , service was good . the brightness of the fruit platter made the gloomy rainy morning bright and cheery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the decor at eggs frutti is so much like that of the inside of a fruits & passion store that you might even expect to leave with softer hands . all i 'm really referring to actually , are the brilliantly white walls which are adorned with gigantic meteor-like images of fruits . besides that though , this new brunch joint is pretty typical . the large fold out menu offers everything you 'd expect - eggs , omelets , waffles , pancakes , and shakes . daily brunch specials such as grilled salmon and salads are handwritten on large sheets of paper and stuck to the wall . my friend very unfortunately found a hair ( the second in two visits ! he claims ) in his poached egg and was n't pleased at all . meanwhile , my fluffy waffles served with a side of creme anglaise and our other brunch table mate 's plentiful plate of french toast and all of our various juicy fruit smoothies were just delightful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i get to go there often with my girlfriend ... it 's a nice place for breakfast and prices are reasonable.. the service could be better sometimes but i guess it 's the same for any breakfast place when it gets busy.. i certainly recommand this place.. go check it out for yourself ... ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh & affordable with friendly service..what mire can you ask ? the place looks clean and modern . it 's not the exotic type of breakfast brunch like you will get at prohibition or faberge but it 's fresh and you can choose from lots of options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average breakfast place , average breakfast food . the service is excellent - their waitresses are terrific , very friendly and are extremely good at their jobs . i 'd go again just for the friendly , excellent service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it was unsanitary how the servers would stack meals ontop of other plates with meals on them , and then serve them . there would be four meals stacked ontop of eachother and then served . i thought it was just one server when i first saw it happening , and then i realised it was multiple servers doing this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellente nourriture service impeccable samedi gratuit pour les enfants", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bring my mom here for breakfast lunch and i must say it 's a big step up over cora across the street and other breakfast chains . they are very busy at lunch , full of seniors because prices are excellent and portions substantial . yes , sometimes the service is spotty , when the place is full , but i 've had excellent service as well . meals come out quickly and so it 's a good spot for lunch on the run . been here about ten times and recommend the lunch specials where for the price of a mcdonald meal , you can get a full meal . trying something new , i took mom to the decarie `` eggspectation '' which was noisy , expensive and extremely slow to be served . i 'll return here to eggs frutti . ps ... . the dining room is light and airy , with a high ceiling , making for a nice atmosphere . it 's your standard breakfast fare in a nice place , with reasonable prices and service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprisingly nice breakfast joint , nice potatoes . close to the old picasso 's ( i miss that place ) . service , food and coffee were fast and good . i shall be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is easily one of the best breakfast places i have ever been to . the homefries were incredible , the eggs were delicious , and the coffee was much needed and amazing . i found this place walking around and it is one that i would go back to next time i 'm in montreal . if you ever get the chance , you need to check out this amazing breakfast joint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had breakfast with friends yesterday , aug 24 . breakfast was about $ 30 . nothing fancy except the presentation . tip is always optional in quebec . however , the waitress keeps on coming back and she keep on reminding us to leave her a tip . my friend does not need to be reminded .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this place and crave it all the time . i ca n't wait to go back to montreal to enjoy it once again . it 's one of the nicer breakfast brunch places in montreal ; bright , open and clean . the menu is exhaustive - eggs , pancakes , crepes , etc . there 's nothing missing . i particularly like the lox platter - every in-season fruit is specially cut and adorns the periphery of the plate , where a bed of lettuce is topped with a pile of lox . bagel of your choice is served alongside with some cream cheese . perfection . the prices are good , the portions are what you 'd expect ... however , the service here is consistently lacking . do n't expect water refills , only coffee . do n't expect to get your bill too quickly either . food comes out quick but flagging down your server is quite the challenge . i never come when i 'm in a rush though and manage to stay perfectly content .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "breakfast ( specifically eggs ) i consider a delicate type of food . as in , it 's easy to go wrong . this place went wrong so fast . save yourself the stress and drive up to orange cafe or eggspectation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been coming here since they opened , always have eggs and bacon for breakfast or if it 's lunchtime i get a blt . they also have various pasta plates at lunch . the food and the service is always great , with only exception being when there are multiple large groups of who decide to ask for something as the waitress is walking away .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "offers same day service which is great and why it 's so expensive . my problem with this location is that my clothes always come back smelling like smoke . i 've had to have them re-cleaned and the customer service response is slow . i now only go to the one in mayfield village and have n't had any problems like this there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first couple times i used them they did okay . when i got some pants done they were pressed very poorly resulting in two seam lines being ironed down the pant legs . they are also on the pricey side for dry cleaning service . i started going somewhere else , but they kept calling and leaving messages that i had clothes for pickup . i did n't think i had left anything there but just in case i dropped by to check . they had mislabeled someone else 's suit as mine . i feel sorry for the actual owner . i hope his clothes were eventually returned to him .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "expensive like you ca n't imagine . seriously , i moved from l.a. and i think their pricing is crazy high . however they by default offer same day service and almost always have your stuff done in four hours . plus they 'll email ya when its done . but man are those prices nutty high !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they do a fine job with clothes , but can be a little on the pricey side . i like that it 's close by and they can have the clothes back same day if they 're in before 11 . if you sign up for their email list they send you coupons periodically that are worth the effort .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these cleaners are amazing . they got stains out of my shirts after the cleaners across the street were unsuccessful . the staff is very helpful and i had an email that my clothes were ready just a few hours after i dropped them off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fyi : the d.o . summers cleaners at 14409 cedar rd , in university heights , oh 44121 damaged a dress that i submitted for same day service . the hemline was snapped and hanging when it was returned to me , the eye lash hook was pulled apart , and the dress did not smell fresh . the only explanation that i was given was , `` well same day delivery ... , '' and `` sometimes we put them in [ the machine ] twice , but i do n't know what they did . '' i do not recommend sending your clothes to them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used these cleaners for over 10 years . as cleaners go , the service has been very good . things get done in a timely manner and get done well . i really appreciate their free home pickup and delivery service . it makes things convenient . i usually use the delivery service , and drop things off when i need them urgently . would recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "growing less grumpy about the cut as i have been getting compliments from everyone at work . and my mother ( who is the discerning jewish type that complains about everything , even thought it looks nice . ) so `` wah , i did n't get the cut i wanted '' has turned into `` werk supermoderl werk it girl . '' so yea , i 'm running with it . matt 's cut took a few days to grow on me , but it diidddd . so in conclusion : matt , shantay you stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have long , fine , and limp hair that easily falls into a boring straight heap , but thanks to kazuma it was transformed into a trendy , voluminous bob with minimal upkeep . i do very little with it in the morning - literally just a quick brush and i 'm off to work , no blow-dry spraying styling required ! kazuma is one of the best stylists i 've ever had - very easy-going , gives you lots of good suggestions but totally respects your choice , and most of all incredibly skilled at and passionate about what he does . ca n't wait for my next bob cut !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my head buzzed for $ 45 ( salon cut charge ) which was a bit pricey for a buzzcut ( like lol come on it 's not like i needed layers ) but the barber knew what he was doing and i was going in there with a head full of hair for him to hack off . they were awkward but nice about taking `` before '' and `` after '' pics . i did n't mind but did n't think a buzzcut on a girl was anything special either . the dude at the front desk seemed a bit apprehensive when i told him i was going to cut it all off . the barber was attentive though and asked if everything was ok with each step . he washed my hair after the cut and was good at massaging my head even though it was just for 3 seconds . : - ) who does n't love a wonderful mature man massaging their head ? !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was very disappointed by my experience at good day hair shop . i went in as a walk-in and ended up in matt 's chair . from the awkward way that he handled my hair , i got the impression that he did not have a lot of experience cutting women 's hair . the cut took an unusually long time , and when it was finished i was very unhappy with the result . matt and i had discussed taking off my dead ends , keeping my v shape , and touching up my layers - nothing too complicated . the cut he gave me was blunt across ( no v ) , and the layers were poorly blended and did not frame my face . overall , the cut looked choppy , and lacked shape and texture . normally , i would have pointed this out and asked the stylist to fix it , but i did not feel comfortable with his skill level so i just paid and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good day hair shop - definitely a keeper : ) . i came here for just a cut+style+blow dry and was really impressed . i had karen as my stylist and she was lovely to work with . we had great conversations and she did an awesome job on my hair . she is honest and good at her craft . i liked that she really took her time , i did not feel rushed and left the salon feeling great ! i will definitely be returning here . while i was there , i had the opportunity to some crazy hair transformations by the other fellows in the shop . both were doing grey , and from the looks of it , it was going to look amazing as well . definitely come here for your hair dying ! they know what they 're doing . book in advance ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the worst haircut experience ever . kazuma gave me really really really terrible hair cut ever like a broccoli . i could n't get what happened . what i got here was not good day , '' the worst day ever '' . i had no choice but to go another hair salon on the next day . i 'll never visit this hair salon . do not go here if you do not want to feel miserable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looking for a new barber in the kensington area and i decided to give good day a shot . it does n't look like much from the street , but the interior is quite nice . overall i 'm very satisfied with my haircut . i told matt that i just wanted it short and clean and gave him free reign , and he worked his magic . very friendly service , though a little more than i 'm used to paying for a trim . it came to just over $ 30 with tip . i 'll definitely be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to get my bangs trimmed for the holidays and found that this place does it for $ 5 so i checked it out . when i went in ( without an appointment ) , i only had to wait about 10 min . and the receptionist asked if i wanted water , which was nice . i got kazuma as my stylist here and i appreciated how he gave me suggestions on how to style my new bangs and what kind of bangs would suit me more . after , he gave me a leave-in treatment ( that i did n't ask for ) for my insanely damaged hair which made me really happy with the service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a great cut from nikki last month - thank you ! i usually diy bleach my hair because i 'm cheap ca n't be bothered , but i decided it was finally time to let the pros at it as i had a vacation coming up , wanted to look a+ , and it was super duper uneven and wonky . gosia did suchh an amazing job of fixing this mess - omg . 11 10 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the first times i 've gone to a hair salon and actually felt amazing after ! karen listened to exactly i wanted while adding in her own opinions but checking with me along the way to make sure i knew what was happening . great decor and music playing in the background too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a cut and colour from christopher . the colour came out ok , but he also gave me a beautiful lego haircut ... lol when he was done he said the colour shows better when the hair is wavy , which i let him curl my hair after . when i came home and washed my hair and being straightned , all i saw was choppy , uneven length hair ( pic 's included ) . go for colouring but do not get a haircut , unless you want a lego hair lol", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really liked both chris and jillian , who did a great job cutting my hair . at first , i was concerned with jillian 's cut -- it was so short . but she was right -- and it 's been awhile since i 've had so many compliments on a cut . i trust both of them , and they really understand short hair . my one caveat -- please fix your online booking system . i used it successfully once , but the second time , it did n't work . this was disappointing , and would like to know that i will get my preferred stylist next time ( although , now i have two preferred hairdressers ) . i tried to contact them via email , but their address is n't working . so , i 'm very happy with the hairdressers i 've been getting , but quite disappointed with an inefficient booking system .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i booked an appointment with chris ( based on instagram pictures ) and im so glad i did , because its been about 3-4 weeks since and i still love my hair . originally i booked a grey ombre service for long hair , but based on his assessment and what would look good with my face shape , skin tone , and condition of my hair , he suggested a grey beige balayage . it took about 4 hours and i left the salon feeling good with healthy hair . it didnt come with a haircut and the t3 treatment was extra , but he really knows his stuff and very passionate . i will go back for a touch up and i highly recommend chris .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kazuma cut my hair goood . little on the pricier side tho . idk whats in their shampoo and conditioner but it feels like my head gives birth to a new set of hair . will return ( when i have money )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kaz is really cool and knows his stuff inside out with many years of international experience . he listens to your way and adds his own flare and take with great results . by the end , you 'll feel like superman ... or ironman , whichever you prefer , so in summary his skills results in an increase in strength and confidence , earning you pay raises and stares from all your instagram followers = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liz is awesome ! i dscovered her years ago when she worked at a salon on 24th st . i was so pleased with what she did with my hair that i sought her out when that salon closed . i was thrilled when she opened good hair day and have been going there ever since . i take my 3 kids there too and they all love liz and her salon . one of my daughters has been sick lately and liz offered to do a complimentary color and cut for her to help her feel better . it worked ! thanks liz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a cut + style there on my anniversary . and nikki gave me the most gorgeous curls ever ! ! instantly booked another appt , and looking forward to my new hair colour ! '", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great vibe and nice people , but missing staple services for men 's cut at this price range . did n't get a straight razor behind the neck , was told they could n't even trim my beard with the trimmer , and no hot towel at the end ( maybe i 'm spoilt , but many establishments at this range have this in my experience ) . i also felt they hardly styled the cut . i was actually caught off-guard when told i was good to go . was n't disappointed with my cut , but my experience was n't up to par . good shop ( maybe for quick walk-in , though i had to book an appointment about a week in advance ) , but would not return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently moved to toronto and was on a hunt for someplace great . i came to good day on a recommendation and loved it . the shop is conveniently located in the midst of kensington market , the website and graphics are quirky and fit perfectly with the atmosphere of the salon . i had an appointment with karen who was extremely accommodating , really easy to talk to and managed to actually give me a blow-out i did n't need to fix up when i got home . overall , if you 're looking for a reasonably priced , high quality , and hip salon to try out - definitely check this one out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with a buddy of mine . i read good things about the mussels but it was not a weds day night they would of been bottomless . so i decided to go for the nights special with an entry calmar . it was great a lot better then moats places i 've been to lately . the night special was a pasta plate with duck was good worth what i paid for sure . service was really good the waitress had a great personality my water was always filled when needed . giving it 4 starts till i come back and try the mussels highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time and is good . will come again for sure , the waitress was really nice did her job well . i 'm diffently coming back to try there mussels", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meilleur restaurant de la r\u00e9gion . le service est un peux long mais le r\u00e9sultat est un vrai d\u00e9lice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lulu est un bon restaurant qui sert de tr\u00e8s bonnes moules avec plusieurs go\u00fbts propos\u00e9s ! ! il faut profiter des moules \u00e0 volont\u00e9 le mardi et mercredi ce qui est tr\u00e8s int\u00e9ressant au niveau du prix pour le coup ! le service est bien agr\u00e9able , le restaurant simple et agr\u00e9able .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service et cuisine ordinaire . bistro sans pr\u00e9tention . rien d'exceptionnel ici , cependant la terrasse et l'ambiance sont convivial . le menu manque de diversit\u00e9 et d'originalit\u00e9 , cependant ils rattrapent un peu le coup avec le choix de moules .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "toujours agr\u00e9able et bon . une place de quartier conviviale . on ne se trompe jamais \u00e0 y aller .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "endroit plut\u00f4t int\u00e9ressant pour un souper entre amis ! nous y sommes all\u00e9s un vendredi soir , l'endroit \u00e9tait donc plein \u00e0 craquer et c'est devenu rapidement tr\u00e8s bruyant , trop \u00e0 mon go\u00fbt . nous avions de la difficult\u00e9 \u00e0 nous entendre . le menu est int\u00e9ressant , mais en principe on s'y rend sp\u00e9cialement pour les moules . c'est ce que j'ai choisi de manger et j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7ue . les moules c\u00e9sar comportent trop d'ingr\u00e9dients , qui cachent compl\u00e8tement les moules . je n'ai donc malheureusement pas compris l'engouement des gens envers cette vaste carte de moules appr\u00eat\u00e9es diff\u00e9remment . consid\u00e9rant l'ambiance d\u00e9tendue et festive \u00e0 la fois ainsi que les autres plats int\u00e9ressants sur le menu , je serais ouverte \u00e0 y retourner . l'emplacement du resto est int\u00e9ressant , j'aime bien aller marcher dans ce petit coin o\u00f9 l'on trouve une multitude de commerces mais o\u00f9 l'on peut aussi se promener tranquillement pr\u00e8s d'un petit lac !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bon resto , bonne bouffe et tr\u00e8s bon service . un top sur la rive-sud . menu bistro original ... les moules , les poissons toujours \u00e0 point . petites choses \u00e0 am\u00e9liorer : svp qualit\u00e9 des napkins et les petits contenants en papier pour la mayo ( genre casse-cro\u00fbte ) pas \u00e0 la hauteur du reste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time success . had the short rib special . totally awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little place . it 's a bit utilitarian but quite cosy . i was there on a saturday autumnal day but the sun was shining and , with the large windows , it was warm enough to have the door open . these nice large windows also afforded a splendid view of what was going on in and around stockbridge . i had a very tasty bacon roll with tea for \u00a32.90 and , considering a place not too far along the road charged \u00a32.60 just for a bacon roll , i 'd say this was superb value . the girls behind the counter were friendly and very efficient . definitely worth a try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very reasonably priced varied cafe with plenty choice in nice part of town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a satisfying outdoorsy hit with a scenic sunday morning stroll along the water of leith , my friend and i ended up in stockbridge with rumbly tummies and tired feet . ravenous was a simple , inexpensive , no-fuss fix for both . only 6 mini tables in the whole place ( so best for 2s or 3s if you wan na eat in ) and a pretty basic menu of hot drinks , soups , sandwiches and in our case , hot jacket potatoes with a mix of toppings ( the coleslaw is yum ) and the kind of skin that 's slightly crispy and nice to eat ( a key spud requirement for me ! ) . lots of other nice places along this road too but for a quick , cheap and tasty lunch this hit the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to ravenous on saturday and was very impressed . the girls working there were very friendly . we had amazing bacon rolls and the coffees were out of this world . my latte had a perfect leaf drawn in it . will definitely be back and would highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had nothing but excellent service from this shop and jen especially . she is an impeccable artist and delivers incredible work . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really professional artist with a fast efficient style . she gave me excellent suggestions on how to improve my tattoo . nothing less than exceptional !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic . i just recently had my 4th tattoo with lilly and i do n't see myself ever using anyone else . this time i decided to go big and cover my entire right pec . i printed some elements i wanted my tattoo to have and showed them to lilly and she totally understood what i was looking for and sketched an awesome tattoo for me . the location is fantastic and prices are surprisingly reasonable for a downtown tattoo shop . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "firstly i asked same day appointment over the phone . i was talking to chris who was n't friendly at all . he said my tattoo is gon na cost me 100 bucks . when i showed up in 40 min , there were 3 guys . 2 were very nice , friendly , amazing guys . but chris , who turned out to be my tattooer in his 50 's was pretty rude . i wanted 2 armbands 3 millimeters wide . he marked them on my arm and told me to check if they were fine . they were wavy and he corrected them by hands , saying : people want stupid tattoos like straight lines on arm wrists which are not straight . i could n't believe i was told that in tattoo salon ... when i said there is one more wave which needs to be corrected he said : i 'm not gon na do it . at all . it 's not as easy as i thought . and he was rude as hell . i 'd recommend 2 other guys , but chris.. you are not meant to work with people , really..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice unpretentious tapas bar that should do well . i recently enjoyed sangria , osso buco ravioli , blackened salmon tacos and chorizo cheese croquettes . i found the atmosphere to be relaxing and fairly quiet . however , that may change as they gain a following and add machines at the bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really want to give this place a 3 strikes and you 're out chance , but after getting sick after both times so far , i 'm done with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was n't bad . enjoyed the 1st glasses of mojitos and sangria but our pitched of blackberry cherry sangria seemed to be seriously lacking in the booze department ... i think i actually got more sober drinking it : ( none of the foods were particularly outstanding but none were bad at all . we got the tandoori calamari ( a ridiculous name for just fried calamari w curry powder on them and nothing to do w an oven ) , the dates which were n't as good as firefly , the lobster gazpacho that had a nice presentation and very tasty , and the rolled eggplant dish that was just a small lasagna but tasty . the staff was extremely attentive..almost to the point of funny but it was fine . if i were to comeback here again ... i would go w more lobster dishes instead of the standard tapas fare and bring a few more people so we could sit on the couches .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mmm , just came back from r. e. the place is pretty good . i came in to meet my party , who was already there and seated , so i ca n't speak about the hostess , but the waiter was prompt enough . we ordered a lot of things , but i only got to try a few of them . i started with a thai basil mojito , which was very good . however , there was a lot of very good tapas , as well . i liked the stuffed dates , the sauteed scallops , the stuffed mushrooms , and most of all the crabby paddies ! they were very good , each bite quite flavorful . i ate a few other things , but i ca n't remember them . the only thing i did n't like was the lamb chops . too dry , and not enough flavor , especially compared to the other dishes . we also went on a friday night , and there was an incredible jazz band there , so that really helped the ambiance . i 'd come back with friends , definitely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this time the service was not the best but i 'm still giving 4 stars because i really liked all the food . this time i had the mac-n-cheese which was very cheesy and good . salmon tacos just as good as last time . calamari very tender and not greasy . ribs were amazing ( falling off the bone ) ! ! ! i tried the stuffed dates ( fruit , bleu cheese , walnuts , bacon ) does n't sound very good but holy crap i think i could live off of these things . man those were awesome . lobster raviolis were great . eggplant roll-ups were very good . grilled romaine salad was nice and warm with a little char mmmmmmm . huge shrimp made up the cocktail . i will keep going here no matter what the other reviews say i think this place is very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was just that - a-ok. service was so slow and the food was mediocre . after my friend and i sat down , the waitress did n't come for over 15 minutes , so we just went to the counter and got our own menu . when the waitress finally came , we ordered drinks and that took another 15 minutes . the food was ok but nothing to rave about . we ordered tuna tar tar , sliders , and mahi mahi taco 's . nothing special at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well i would love to tell you if the food was good or bad , but i did not get the chance . i arrived at re tapas at 9:00 on a friday . the live music seemed to be good , but when i asked to be seated , the hostess told me that two cooks quit and it would be a 30 minute wait . i think this is ridiculous when the restaurant was not that busy . i then asked if we could sit down and have a few drinks before we ordered . she looked around and said no . this place will not be in business for long treating customers like this . she told me the kitchen was backed up . in these tough economic times , customer service should be priority one ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried re tapas while i was staying at south point ( it is just one traffic light south of south point ) . had to have the home made chorizo corn dogs . good and not too spicy ( too spicy makes me sweat ... sorry ) . also had the tortilla espanola . a little plain , but 3 5 fr taste and presentation . i had the grilled , marinated asparagus . was a little disappointed , probably because they are not really in season . they were very thin and did not take up the marinade very well . they were so thin , well , never mind , bad joke . all in all probably a 4 5 . did not try any of the mojitos or the wines . settled with a pilsner urquell with the food . i will go again because of the proximity to south point .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is out of business . its now a sports bar called cr buns", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fantastic food presented beautifully in great variety . we went on a friday night and there were n't many other diners , but there were several dishes already crossed off the menu because the kitchen had run out . even so , there were lots left to choose from , and the service was excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmm hmm , i always love visiting this place . salmon tacos are so yummy , the salads are really good , and i love all the veggies they offer . good menu something for everyone . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had none of the poor service or food issues mentioned below . our waitress was lovely , and in the couple of cases when we could n't locate her , other servers were always around and more than willing to help . as a party of three , the portions were perfect . favorites included , well , pretty much everything we had ! : smoked duck , lobster tacos ( on the special back page , not sure if it 's always offered ) , meatballs , stuffed mushrooms , grilled asparagus , grilled salad , shrimp diavolo , stuffed dates wrapped in bacon . also , the thai basil mojitos sound strange but are lovely , refreshing and citrusy . and the birthday boy chose the tiramisu martini for his dessert - i 'm not a huge tiramisu fan but this was amazing , and the sparkler candle was perfect . i can not recommend this place enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant offers both classic and non traditional tapas . we started off with orders of grilled hearts of romaine with basil balsamic vinaigrette , crumbled cabrales , and serrano ham ( 3.5 forks out of 5 ) : dates stuffed with bleu cheese and slivered almonds , wrapped in bacon and roasted ( 5 forks ) : and broiled goat cheese in tomato sauce ( 2 forks ) . our next order was colorado lamb chops marinated and grilled , served with agria dulce ( 4 forks ) and crab paddies ( 3.5 forks ) . we concluded the meal with a delicious cr\u00e8me brulee ( 4.5 forks ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here twice , the first time service was very slow and the best part of the meal was the desserts . the second time , service was very slow and the caesar salad wedge and dessert was the best part of the meal . i went back a third time yesterday exclusively for dessert ( why mess up a good thing ) and there was a notice of summary eviction from that day ( 5 27 09 ) on the door from the las vegas justice court , with the doors taped shut . this was at about 7:30pm last night ( 5 27 09 ) . so i 'm guessing the place was n't able to pay their lease and is no longer in business . just fyi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did this place close my friend texted me the other day to say it closed ! ! ? ! ? noooo . what a bummer if this is true !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "funky atmosphere , overpriced half-ass food . i will not return to this place . their serrano ham taste like cheap prosciutto ! i understand they are not a traditional tapas place , but the shortcuts they take really shows . all their ingredients are really cheap . their hot foods were served room temperature . service was poor when the restaurants was only half full !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "despite the name , it 's not a gym - it 's a gay club that features vocalists , drag revues , go-go boys in cages , and male strippers , all of whom fortunately work out when they 're not working here . two-for-one drinks from 6:00 to 9:00pm nightly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love flex . i 've come out here a few times now for fundraising shows . the bar is dark , like a dive bar should be . drinks are cheap . i 've had good encounters with all of the bartenders so far . i love the stage . its badass , and makes seeing the shows much easier . i hear they have karaoke sometimes , which i 'd love to come to , but my work schedule prevents it . great work , flex ! see you again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 2.00 tuesday . was a little slow . alex was behind the bar-remembered my name after only meeting him one time . great service and great gaming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , after reading the rest of the reviews , we were obviously there on an `` off '' night . the place was pretty empty and not much to write home about . however , the service was quick and friendly and the price were pretty damn cheap . i could see this place being fun on a night when the right crowd is there , we just were n't there on that night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this neighborhood bar which i heard is now under new ownership . make sure you check out the queens of las vegas - the best and most creative drag show i 've ever seen . the bartenders were great and everyone was so friendly . i will definitely be back next time i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time that i went to this bar to celebrate margarita sanches 's birthday and it was a great time . the drinks are strong and cheap but the entertainment was really fun ! ! i would go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! dont be fooled by the location , it looks sketchy , but the `` what a drag '' show on saturday night is the best , the drinks are great and love the crowd : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the reason i 'm even giving this place 2 stars instead of 0-1 is because the drag show was pretty entertaining.the bartenders are amazingly friendly and around 11 they have a $ 10 well all- you- can-drink-all-night special . aside from that ... wow ! ! ! hole in the wall in a crusty neighborhood next to a strip mall . i was n't expecting much after perusing the reviews left on yelp but i really did n't expect to be walking into a smoke filled nightmare . funny thing was they actually had a vip section . i 'm kind of ranting here but it 's because i ca n't wrap my brain around how horrible the place is . it 's like going to a garage party when you were in high school but take away the hot guy you had a crush on and replace him with the 8th year senior that 's at all the parties . oh and i had to do laundry after because everything i was wearing smelled like the carpet in the suncoast casino . someone should turn the ventilation system on .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would give it a much higher rating except that they only have one bartender on saturday nights and he is no good at all imo . this means you will wait a loooooong time to get a drink and when you do get it it is sloppy and often the wrong thing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh my goodness ! what a fantastically fun place ! drag queens and queens thru out the building ! small , quaint and a bundle of fun ! i love gay bars ! i did n't know how ken would be but i think he had an ok time . i , myself , had a blast . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice neighborhood bar but the staff needs to remember that new patrons walk in . cater to them to keep these new patrons coming back . seems a little pretentious and it 's a 5 dollar bar . i 'll come back only for the $ 2 draft beer . no one is friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this bar is amazing ! great music , amazing people , awesome time . everyone was so nice . definitely a new hangout spot for my friends and i . the bartender was awesome and so so sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somehow i 'm currently the yelp duke of this place . what ? ! how ? ? so it 's divey and super casual and that 's fiiiine by me . it 's nice to go to a place where the chill and friendly gm will come out and have a drink with you and talk to you about theater . or see a drag show . or get pulled onstage for karaoke . i do n't regularly go here ( maybe every six months ? ) , but the few times i have , it 's been relaxed with a chill crowd and it 's exactly what you want . a good 3am gim me -a-drink gay bar with no attitude . ( i did a blue moon pub crawl and my one complaint is that my orange slice in my beer was like , the tiniest sliver . i 've had limes bigger , lol ! )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was visiting from out of town , so called this place to see when their good night was and they said it was friday , when they have drag show and strippers dancers . called friday evening to find out time of drag show , and person who answered phone said midnight . us 8 visitors arrived at 11:45pm , and by 12:45am , the drag show still had n't started and there were no strippers or dancers anywhere . place only had about 20 people , with an empty dancefloor that was about 10 ' x 10 ' . i was embarrassed to have brought my fellow visitors to this place -- wish we had gone somewhere else . the only good thing was no cover and they had 2 pool tables .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great drink specials , the machines and be a little tight , but play with them and they will loosen up . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "total dive bar , but such a good time . drag shows are great and drinks are super cheap . think i paid $ 3 for a vodka redbull . ca n't beat that . will return here next time in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david is an amazing bartender ! ! he makes this places the best gay bar in town ! if you 're a local or stoping by - if you happen to be here when he 's working y'all wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , my party visited flex like 4 years ago now ... so this is a retro review of flex circa 2005 6 . anyway , we arrived earlier in the evening ( 9 , 10 ? ? ) with a group of about 7 . later in the evening , there was drag performers ... who were very nice and patient with my quite drunk sister in law . it never got crowded the entire evening ... and the patrons looked like locals who wanted to play lottery at the bar . anyway , the drink were moderately priced -- and the staff was adequate . the place is smaller ... with some pool tables . the `` stage '' is not really a stage at all , as its located in a small corner of the bar . anyway , we enjoyed our stay at flex for the most part ... but we have n't been back , so i do n't know what that means : -p", "score": "3"}
{"review": "joe c is an awesome bartender ! ! here serving drinks even after his shift the relief has not shown up over 3 hrs after his shift . he 's making me laugh and serving drinks like a mo fo ! ! he makes this place tolerable ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my last night in vegas on memorial day weekend i headed here with tiny ( luke ) and had a blast . charles the bartender who made it clear that he only works mondays and tuesdays ( he is sooooooooo cute ... ) treated us with such care that i am planning a trip back in july just to go say hi . overall drinks were poured generously and the clientele was entertaining . of course by the time we ordered our 3rd cocktail we were getting close to missing our flight and had to slam it and run back to our hotel to pick up our luggage . unfortunately i did n't get to see the whole flex scene but hopefully next time . would i go back ... .oh hells yeah ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sure this place is trashy trailer park ... but it 's fun . and i ca n't believe no one has had the balls to talk about the private rooms . there are small rooms with curtains where you can go with the strippers for a private show . this is the best part of this bar . i did a private with a russian stripper . best lap dance i ever had .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the bar was decent , clearly a great hangout for locals . i made the mistake of taking a cab out there . if you 're going i 'd suggest driving , or going in a vegas where uber exists . getting a cab back to the strip is a nightmare .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they play beyonce and hanson what more could you ask for in life . service is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place several times in the course of three years . i just went last night with my friends who originally introduced me to the place and it 's always a good time . the drag show is definitely a lot of fun ! there is a sense of class to this place which i really like too . drinks are reasonably priced and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . prices are great , portions big . i am more inclined to order rice dishes here , because they just come with so much . sliced pork rice dish comes with 3 shrimps ( yes i pluralized it ) this egg pork cake cube which is delicious , a lot of rice , 2 eggs on top of the rice , and pickled veggies . meat is not fatty ( which happens all too often at vietnamese restaurants ) what a great place . i 'm surprised at the number of reviews less than 4 . yes , maybe you are n't being greeted by a hostess ( or anyone at all ) but the prices are so low , what do you expect . lol @ misti 's review on this place ... `` overfloweth '' that was funny . and the rest of the review is in normal english .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "24 hour pho joint ! i wish that 's all i really had to say and it would be the case if all pho places served it the same way . i can safely say that the pho here is worth the trip off the strip . the big bowls are pretty damn big , i should went with the small bowl . the plus to getting the big bowl was that the server stole my bowl ( infront of my friends like a ninja ) while i was grabbing a to go container and they gave me a free big bowls worth to go for the inconvenience . plenty of seating for the lunch shift that we went with . as always and as it should be , the wait time for the appetizers and the actual pho was less than 10 minutes . if i 'm in town and hankerin for some late night pho , which i was but my punk ass friends were n't feeling it at the time , i 'm either forcing my way over or just go by myself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for the first time while visiting las vegas . came in on a thurs around 11:45am . +1 star , location is 15 mins from the strip and has a large eating area . +1 star , service was quick and we had good spacing for our larger group . -3 stars , we ordered five dishes total and all dishes were done poorly . food was super bland with no taste . both soup dishes had way too much msg . my dry white noodles was bad because the pork literally was like eating stale bread . we will never be returning to this restaurant", "score": "2"}
{"review": "never in my life have i went to a pho place and they said they were out of pho soup . wtf ? ! ? ! you 're out of pho ? ? ? that 's like starbucks saying they 're out of coffee . so effing ridiculous . give me the old owners back ! these people are idiots running a business . never setting foot here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoyed dining at river house . it is a small and cozy restaurant serving very good food . i recommend it for a quaint dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a cold saturday night and a spur of the moment trip to inverness . very warm welcome form the chef himself - the kitchen is open to the restaurant - small , intimate and cosy . this is not a trendy place in terms of decor - it 's traditionally styled in a victorian way - but the customers are all well dressed and obviously in on this wonderful little secret . we had a great little corner table which was discreet and romantic . the staff are friendly and warm . the menu has a definite seafood bias - but any meat and veggie dishes are also tempting . the scallops starter was especially good . fresh and tasty with chorizo for contrast . both our mains were just as good . we were last to leave and the owner called us a taxi as it was icy . -maybe they just wanted us out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we fell upon this gorgeous little place whilst on a birthday weekend away . we had the two course set menu which was simply delicious . my boyfriend had a gorgeous chicken liver pate and i had a lovely smoked salmon salad . for main we both had steak which was great . brilliant value for money and lovely atmosphere . we had a kitchen table which was great to watch the chef owner make his master pieces . the service was great and they made us so welcome . would go again any day . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food here - if you like seafood . not cheap , but good value given the quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific chef and wait staff im persnickety and they way overaccommodated me w no attitude and the salad was good ! thank you for a delightful meal ! we took a photo w the busy chef - so gracious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die preise sind ok , leider wurde die pizza tonno ohne zwiebeln geliefert und die pizza fungi war etwas aufgeweicht . an k\u00e4se wurde allgemein nicht gespart , die pizza hawaii war ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr gute und leckere pizzen besser als in italien ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leckere pizza , super saftig und reich best\u00fcckt . unser lieblingspizza-lieferant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich war letztens in diesem netten restaurant essen . die bedienung war sehr freundlich und das essen ausgezeichnet . ich komme wieder .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza-service ums eck . habe bisher alle speisen abgeholt und war immer total zufrieden . f\u00fcr einen pizza-service leckere pizza , reichlich belegt , preis ok . personal ist sehr freundlich , einzig die zeitangaben am telefon stimmen nicht immer , aber lieber warte ich dort noch 5 minuten bis die pizza fertig ist , als dass sie schon 10 minuten rumliegt . besser als einige italiener in cannstatt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sehr nette inhaber , super leckere pizza , gut belegt und der preis super ! empfehlenswert ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super lecker und preislich absolut fair , da k\u00f6nnen sich einige pizzalieferanten aus der umgebung etwas abschauen ! empfehlung !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "also known as `` aloha cleaners '' . ok where do i even begin ? ? i went in mid day , dropped off my husbands dress shirt and tie . when i went to pick up my items i was told his shirt had lost it 's tag and they did n't know which one it was..i was sent to look through 50 plus men 's dress shirts and try to find his ... ya right . so not only did they lose his shirt they wanted me to figure out which one it was . they still charged me for cleaning it too ! ! ! i left with a `` i hope this is his shirt '' in my hand . it was not . we still have to go back to look through the rack . i will never give them my business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i should have read the previous review before i went here ! being new to the area this cleaners is close to my house and looked cleaned so i dropped off some dry cleaning . my dress and jacket came out fine , but super expensive ! ( about $ 30 for the both ) however , they lost two of my pricy nordstrom dress shirts ! ! ! and charged me ! ! ! wtf ! ! ? ! ? will not be coming back ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with the the past review of this place . went to pick up my shirts and they were n't all there . i was told the tags fell off my shirts and they could n't find them ... ..for 3 days ! . i called twice a day for 3 days and every time i called back they said they would have them for me later on in the day only for me to call back and not only not have them , but no one knew what the situation was and i had to explain it every time . finally on the third day i spoke to a girl who seemed at least half way intelligent and said they had found my shirts and i could come pick them up . i never received an apology not once . also they charged me for the cleaning after all this ! unbelievable ! do not take your clothes here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great cleaners . very nice staff . i dropped off a comforter and forgot it there and when i came back they had held it for me . it was a pleasant surprise . my clothes have always came back just as ordered .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dropped off a feather comforter last week to be cleaned with a pick-up date of 3 days later . i went to pick it up and they tell me that it was to big for their machine and it did n't get done . no call no hey sorry but we ca n't help you nothing . just a 400 $ feather comforter sitting in a dirty basket . do not use this place , give your money to a company that will provide customer satisfaction .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dominic was very accommodating , patient and understanding with my schedule changes and quickly got my 3 fur babies to me safely from vegas to florida in a super timely manner . : ) i would totally recommend mimi 's for your pet transportation needs and will definitely use their services again in the future if needed . thanks so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mimi 's pet transport moved two spunky dogs and one fiesty cat coast to coast in 3 days ! the pets arrived happy , healthy and relaxed . enrique , eduardo and jorge did a phenomenal job caring for them and minimizing their stress on the road trip . the guys also kept in touch along their route with frequent photos and status updates shared via dominic on the phone every day . one of the dogs and the cat generally do n't like men they have n't met before , but enrique , eduardo and jorge won them over very quickly . it 's obvious that the guys are caring , skilled professionals . everything from the initial phone call to final follow up after drop off at our new home could not have been easier . if we ever do another long haul move mimi 's will be our first call . thanks , mimi 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed to transport our son 's large dog from california to dc . after much research as to different methods , we chose mimi 's due to the one family at a time policy . we were very pleased with the obvious care and concern shown , as well as the easy access to information and communication as the trip proceeded . we really recommend this service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding they looked after my babies would recommend and i would use again we moved from sacramento california to orangeburg south carolina", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time having my dogs travel more than an hour in the car and they safely and happily got all three of my large breed dogs from florida to california and sent me pictures every day with ongoing notifications letting me know how they were doing i definitely appreciated all that thank you dominic and the team at mimi 's pet transporting for taking such good care of my four-legged children", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mimi 's pet transport was great . they delivered my pets on time to my parent 's house clear across the country . i would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working with dominic moveing my cat willie from long island to northern california was a breeze ... pickup and drop off went smoothly will not hesitate to use them again ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the experience i had with dominic and mimi 's pet transport has by far exceeded my expectations ! this was our families first ever long distance move and with all the stresses that come with moving in general ; dominic made getting our fur babies to our new home seamless and stress free ! ! we moved from las vegas to miami and they sent tons of photos during their journey to give us peace of mind . our babies were very much taken care of and the drivers were genuinely nice and patient . i ca n't say enough about this company and i 'm so glad i chose them after doing my extensive research . absolutely the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mimi 's , without a doubt , having used several transports over the years is the best . they act as if your pet is their animal . delivery is punctual . environment is wayyyy above others . i can not say enough about dominic and his wife , mimi , and absolute dedication to your pet 's safe travel terry , a satisfied scottsdale customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "club soda was host to a wildly entertaining burlesque show by the fam big band burlesque troupe ( http : www.femmefatalentertainment.com ) , with powerhouse vocals , and special guests scarlett james ( http : scarlettjames.com ) , who is graceful and sexy , and aerial hoop acrobats , duo miraka ( duomiraka.ca ) ! if you have a chance to see any of them in a city near you , do it ! there was n't a bad seat in the house , the emcee was fantastic , engaging the crowd in both english and french , and the bars were well stocked ! i appreciated there was no drink minimum , as i hate when venues enforce that ... most people drink anyway , so no need to push that agenda on us ! the drinks were n't exorbitant , either ... a glass of wine and a vodka soda for $ 15cad is not too shabby in my book . as an event venue , club soda hit all the marks for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for starters i 'm a bit biased , since i saw my favorite band here ( theres no way it could have been bad ) but i was pleasently surprised by the intamicy of the place . i got there late and i was still close to the stage . it 's pretty small , so you feel like you 're a part of the action no matter where you 're standing . there 's also a balcony that goes all the way around the place , which probably gives you a great view if you 're not a mosh pit kind of person . theres not a bad amount of seating around the bar area , which is elavated , so you still have a good view of the stage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was relatively undouche-y considering that ( a ) it 's a big club downtown , ( b ) it was new year 's eve and ( c ) it was open bar . bartenders were getting swarmed but they all worked pretty quickly . good lightshow and the upstair area does offer some privacy and a place to rest for a bit . or a good vantage point to toss your underwear onto the dancefloor ... just saying , is all ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "club soda is n't much of a venue , just a medium sized stage with an open floor . the bars were unimpressive , and the lights and sound system could use a makeover . there 's a balcony that wraps around the sides of the building which would be great for watching a concert , but useless for a dance club unless you just want to sit and people watch . there is only one bathroom per gender , and they 're small and not well placed . i was there for a new year 's eve party , which i 'll review elsewhere as it was a separate promotion . regardless , i would n't come back to club soda unless there was a really good band playing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "je suis arriv\u00e9 10 minutes apr\u00e8s l'ouverture des portes pour un spectacle pour lequel j'avais d\u00e9j\u00e0 mon billet . les quelques places assises \u00e9taient d\u00e9j\u00e0 prises . j'ai les deux genoux compl\u00e8tement magan\u00e9s et je savais qu'il y avait quantit\u00e9 de places assises au balcon . le personnel a cependant refus\u00e9 de me laisser monter , pr\u00e9textant qu'il n'y avait pas assez de gens pour ouvrir le balcon . j'ai d\u00fb m'engueuler avec le chef de la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 pendant une dizaine de minutes pour qu'il me laisse finalement monter , de mauvaise grace . j'ai achet\u00e9 un billet mais j'ai d\u00fb me battre pour en profiter . je trouve cel\u00e0 abh\u00e9rant . je ne reviendrai pas \u00e0 moins qu'ils ne changent leur politique sur les places assises .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for a concert ... terrible acoustics and awful sightlines to see a show . the amps made the instruments sound like jackhammers and fuzzed out boom boxes from the 80 's . the sightlines to the stage were narrow and easily blocked by tall individuals if they passed in front of you . on a pseudo-positive note , the bartenders were friendly ... but they poured heavily watered-down cocktails . stick to bottled beer if you get dragged here with friends for some reason .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the top venue for underground music scene in town . underground music was not my style but i went when i got a free ticket from a lottery . it was a british band playing , apparently pretty famous in the 90s ( again in the underground music world ) . this place is like the middleeastern in boston , except it is bigger , a bit nicer ( no bear bottles on the ground ) , good sound . i guess if u r into punk , u will like it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "toujours une ambiance de folie que ce soit pour les soirs de match de hockey ou pour les concerts . gr\u00e2ce \u00e0 la conception particuli\u00e8re de la salle comme celle d'un th\u00e9\u00e2tre d'antan avec des balcons tout autour de la fosse , toute la sc\u00e8ne est visible par tous , l'acoustique en est pour le coup tr\u00e8s bonne aussi . une ambiance chaleureuse pour une bonne soir\u00e9e au club soda soyez-en assur\u00e9s !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nicest staff you could ask for ... super pro catering and organization . thank the lord almighty opeth played the next night across the street from us . as an american , i dub club soda the knight in shining armor to our tour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent venue . we went to the ethnic just for laughs . great show . was a full house so found service a bit slow and not a great selection of drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one fine august day , a couple friends and i were walking down ste . cathrine looking for something to do . what appeared to be tour buses and metal roadies behind a large run down brick building were exactly that . we went over , asked them who was playing and were astonished . it was necrophagist , into eternity and a host of others on the canadian summer slaughter tour ( 2008 ) . tickets were only $ 25 , so we bought 5 for all of us . the place was n't overly huge but the perfect size for a metal show . the moshes were unlike anything around the boston area , much more intense , more people and throughout the whole song . luckily , this is montreal so everyone was like child size to me ! all in all , i plan on coming back here , and planning a vacation around a metal concert if possible !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really loved this venue during jazz fest . we got here a bit late ( my bad - i figured shows would start late as they typically do in sf ) but we still managed to be able to see the show . we saw eliza doolittle ( catchy pop songs with an incredible voice for a young woman ! ) bang out the tunes in this intimate venue . they set some tables up from so it was easier to see in the back . the sound was just right and the lighting too . upstairs they had seating that went around the venue . wish we would 've got there earlier to get some of those seats ! when we come back to jazz fest ( which we hope wo n't be too far in the future ) we 'll definitely look for some shows at club soda .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great night at just for laughs show . the service was great and the drinks were strong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "endroit sympas pour boire un verre tout en \u00e9coutant de la bonne musique suivant vos choix d'artistes . n'oubliez votre ticket de casier avant de partir ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three things i love and art , shopping and cleveland . this little boutique hits every single item on that list . it carries clothes , crafts , accessories , artwork and household items almost all from local artists ! the owner says she works with at least 50 local vendors at the moment . it was great to be able to buy from vendors i often see at local crafts shows right in my own backyard . if you are looking for that perfect gift for a diehard clevelander or a great gift for an out of towner these local goods can not be beat ! stop and and check out this awesome shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is more interested in drilling down on how cute and pwecious her widdle boutique is than in anything approaching customer care . her priority seems to be exposure at outdoor festivals and markets , rather than forging a relationship with potential customers by answering inquiries about merchandise . ( good luck staying in business after summer has come and gone . the passive-aggressive approach should go real far in keeping the cash register full during the indoor-shopping months . ) after being brushed off in this fashion , i 'll be only too happy to shop online or spend my money anywhere but girl 's best trend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this store ! so much variety and awesome prices . it is good to see another great place on madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dog park is a joke . literally , i thought they were kidding when i pulled up . `` hey lets just fence off a stupidly disproportionate area compared to the size of this entire park and label it a , `` dog run . '' '' if there were an award for smallest dog park in america , this would win . most backyards are bigger . on top of that , it 's maintenance is clearly neglected . i did n't even enter the place because i could see the mud , lack of bags , and gaping holes in the fence . city of tempe should really take another look at this situation as the other parks in the area might not be accessible to other pet owners . if you can make the trek , head to mitchell , papago or down south to the one at the sports complex .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for nearly a decade . mainly for the basketball court which has its quirks . the double rim and sloped court are n't ideal , but the park lights seem to stay on later than most . there is a huge field that 's great for soccer , football , frisbee etc and the dog park and playground seem to be in use most of the time . there always seems to be a good mix of college students and neighborhood families at the park . downside is parking can be a challenge . street parking only and with four peaks just up the street you might have a hard time finding a spot . also , there is a bus stop crosswalk fire hydrant in spots you 'll want to park but tempe pd will be waiting to wright you a ticket so beware .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this park sucks ! the have n't fixed the dog area in 3weeks ... its muddy & still wet all in the middle of the park.. just terrible..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as far as the dog park goes , not a good fit overall . i 've tried to visit this park a couple times just because it 's soo close to home but i do n't think we will be back . the park has n't been kept up that last couple visits we 've made and there were n't any doggie bags for individuals to pick up their dogs poop , which would explain why there was poop everywhere . the size is of the park i would say fits a smaller breed of dog , but the fencing was made for larger dogs , as i can see the small breeds getting through the gate . sadly , we will just have to make the trek to another location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tiny , filthy , has large gaps under parts of the fence so small dogs can get out . the water fountain was leaking when i was there so there was a large muddle puddle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good place to play volleyball in the morning while the sun is up but when the night comes in the lights are really dim and they dont have much lights that will lit the court . the basketball court also have dim lights . theres also houses nearby . at first it was funny qhen all you hear are karaokes blazing in then it geta a bit annoying . therea alot of shades around but the lights are just nowhere to be found . more lights and would be good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our ac unit stopped working , we called them in.they said it could n't be fixed and tried to sell us a new unit for close to $ 10,000 . thankful it was too high for us . we called another company to get a estimate . they came looked over the unit and got it running perfectly . the coils needed cleaning and some wiring repaired . it was fixed in a hour . i cancelled the priority plan mj sold us and will never use them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i saw their commercial on tv where they want to come across so caring . i called them a few years back and before they would even come to my home they wanted to charge my credit card $ 350.00 . i told them no thanks and called brothers morris-jenkins who came right out and spent a good bit of time fixing my unit . the charge which i gladly paid was $ 80 . i do n't know how morris-jenkins stays in business but if i can save one person that misery this review is worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my rental properties has had the original a c unit that came with the house finally decided to bite the dust . of course it happens on the hottest day in a very mild summer . my renter has small children so getting someone out there asap was very important . tried a few companies who quoted me a couple days to come out . morris-jenkins was able to visit the same day and repair it the next day . seriously solved a issue and made me look like a awesome landlord . the tech was courteous and helped me understand the exact problem . made me feel very comfortable during a cringe worthy expensive for a rental property .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this company is a big rip off ! ! do n't get sucked in by those heart warming commercials ! never believe what they say and always get a second opinion if you call ... you do n't even need a third because anybody else will give you the truth and quote less than half of theirs ! $ 800 for freon which is about $ 130 a pound ( most companies charge $ 60-65 ) and they said it was an untraceable leak and i need a `` new '' unit which was $ 6000 to $ 8000 ! ! i called another company they filled it with freon , changed my coils and it was $ 750 ... go figure . this company is definitely overs charging for their services and i thankful that i figured it out ! just sounded convenient !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "morris-jenkins as a whole has been a godsend . tonight was the third time i had to see them in a weeks time but the technician that came out tonight chris c. was great . he was not the type who just fixed things and did not include you in on what was going on . the entire time from when he stepped in the door he had me on his heels explaining everything he was doing , why he was doing it , and what the system actually was doing . i ask a lot of questions so he educated me on some new things along the way as well . he also changed some settings that would help us in the long run . i really thank you all for the services you provide . the customer service is worth every penny alone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "morris-jenkins was prompt in answering my calls and sending a technician , despite the fourth of july holiday . adam was helpful , patient , and kind . i especially appreciate that mj does n't pay commission to their techs so i do n't feel taken advantage of . great company and i will use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent experience with morris-jenkins my heat went out on one of the coldest days of the year . it was a saturday morning and i expected to not get a technician until the next day or later . i got an appointment for the 1-4 timeslot and he arrived right at 1 ! rob hess was very professional . he thouroughly checked my unit . thermostat was the cause and fixed withing 30 minutes . he also did some minor cleaning in the unit at no additional charge . rob explained everything before he left to ensure i was comfortable with the new thermostat , including getting it programmed . being most technicians , they would have just left me to do this on my own . definately have won a repeat customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down and great and enjoyable experience . the technician they sent out his name was bernie was professional and did a great job . fix the problem and answered all the question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craig did an excellent job diagnosing our issues and fixing the problem . he was very thorough in explaining our issues and our options . very professional and represented his company well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been thoroughly impressed with morris-jenkins . i recently discovered that i had a problem with one of my hvac units ( it stopped cooling ) . i contacted morris-jenkins after 6:30pm and they sent a technician to my home that very same evening ( at no extra charge because they are open until midnight ) ! he was n't able to determine the extent of the problem ( bc my coil was frozen ) . so , he came back again the next day ( at a time that was convenient for me ) , determined what the problem was and the following day ... a team came back and installed a new hvac , co2 detectors , and arranged for my county inspection of their work ! i am very impressed ... prompt , efficient , and very professional ! they even swept the floor and stairs before they left ! i highly recommend morris-jenkins . i wish i could have met `` bobby '' from their commercials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were serviced by mike desito . he called before he came and services our heat pump and hot water heater . he was polite and professional . i definitely would recommend him to service us again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after receiving rather sketchy service from another hvac company , my wife and i switched to morris-jenkins last year ( 2014 ) . the change was prompted when one of our home 's compressors failed and needed replacement . we subsequently signed up for a service contract . so far , we have not been disappointed , either with the service we 've received or with the professionalism and friendliness of the technicians who have visited our home . our most recent service was performed by pat mckee . pat was extremely thorough in performing his duties and , as importantly , in explaining the findings of his work . he pointed out two areas that might require further attention and left us with a quote as to the cost of such service , but he never engaged in a hard sell or exaggerated the potential risks of not having the service performed immediately .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really happy with the excellent service from our technician gabriel kirchner from morris jenkins . he took the time to make sure our equipment was operating at peak performance and to answer our many questions . great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would like to commend jeremy , chris faw and michael sisk . jeremy checked our heat pump and water heater . he found that the element in our water heater had burned out . chris and michael installed the new one . they were all very polite , knowledgeable and very patient in answering all our questions . they made sure the area was clean after the job . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been a customer of m-j for over eight years , and have never been anything but completely impressed with the service . i have priority advantage which includes 2 free thorough inspections a year . for my `` summer inspection '' this morning , service technician jordan s was prompt , professional , and communicated very well . after a thorough inspection , he advised me that all is well . thumbs up again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly impressed . fantastic customer service . i 've had some pretty terrible hvac service companies in the past and morris jenkins pointed out their failures and helped remedy them . i 'm in the process of replacing my entire hvac system and morris jenkins is top of mind for me when i start gathering quotes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jonathan at morris jenkins was wonderful ! professional , very detailed and explained what and why so you knew everything going on . i will use them again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came home to find the air conditioner blowing hot air and the fan blades not moving on the outside air conditioner . i went to call anderson air but it was after 9 pm and their offices were closed . i went online and found the number for morris jenkins . i completed the online info and then made a call to the office to schedule a visit after i received an email . the customer rep was helpful and i had an appointment for between 9am and noon the next day . all of this was completed within a half hour . the serviceman jarrett f. was fantastic . he arrived at 9:45am and my air was running before 11 am . i 'm not looking for air conditioning problems anytime soon but morris jenkins will be the first place i call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "daniel a. was extremely professional and courteous when he came to do ac repair . got the job done in a timely manner and let me know how long it would take .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "morris-jenkins technicians are always on time , ready for the work , they wear shoe covers when they come in the house and they always clean up after they are finished . mike h. did our semi-annual a c maintenance last week and both of the systems are working better than ever ! he even replaced the surge protector with one that m-j recommends as superior to the old one at no charge ! as far as we are concerned , customer service does n't get much better than morris-jenkins .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a technician from a small company tell me that i had a cracked heat exchange and it was leaking carbon monoxide and i a whole new system . then i had morris jenkins do a second opinion and found out i just needed a new capacitor . thanks mj for saving me thousands and being honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my most recent experience involved a seasonal checkup of the hvac system for $ 89 . according to them , it was over 18yrs old but the tech still needed to 'test ' it . total cost for $ 89 visit = $ 325 . the verbal quotes they offered for a new system were at least 30 % more than others . the sales rep did not offer a written , prepared quote . he provided a model number later , for equipment we did not discuss . do yourself a favor.. call someone else . there are other companies who have been in business for 30+ years in charlotte.. who you can trust .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had a service technician come to our house today . his name is michael reep . he talked with my husband . he was very professional and courteous and also very detailed . he spoke in plain english not repairman lingo . he made sure my husband understood what he was doing and why . i 'm certain we made the right choice when we decided on morris jenkins for our heating cooling needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "daniel a came out to do the maintenance and arrived exactly the time he he gave me . very pleasant manner . very thorough and explained all his findings . he made a couple of recommendations but did not push the sale snd the things he did recommend were exactly the same recommendations i received from another hvac competitor . their prices are high but it seems to be par for other companies.the quotes on the same recommendations were a few dollars + - between the two . overall a great job by danny i will be requesting him for my winter maintenence service thank you for a great customer experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! 5 stars indeed , just like the reviews said ! zach and will have top notch service and made the process a breeze ! ! i never thought an ac company could be so awesome ! ! thanks guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this team at morris jenkins is top notch in the charlotte area . thomas hurst service technician came out to my house diagnosed a problem with my a c even brought me up in the attic to show me the problem . explained in detail why this happened and a detailed plan to resolve the issue . my a c unit was frozen solid . super helpful , knowledgeable individuals at this organization i would recommend this team to a friend . the following week had a new unit installed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during the coldest weekend of the year , our heat would n't come on . they had a tech here in 90 min of my call and we had heat again in another 30 min . they then checked the system and showed us how to save on annual service . i had called 3 other companies including the one who installed the unit and had been doing our annual services who did n't even offer to call us if an opening came up . everyone else was booked too though one at least offered to call us if a job finished early and they could squeeze us in . technician david d was courteous and thorough . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my hot water heater and ac serviced today by brian m. he was polite and friendly . he called before he arrived , arrived during the time i had scheduled and worked for the time he said he would when he arrived . i am very happy with his service and the service i have received from morris jenkins .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday , we had our second service for the year . pat , the technician , was abrasive -- suspect he was trying to impress his trainee or maybe that is just his nature . virtually everything was wrong with one of our units which seems to be the normal with morris-jenkins . he even found fault with the filters we were using . even though i am a senior citizen , i felt like i was back in the first grade getting chastised by the teacher . when he said `` it is what it is '' set the tone for our future relationship with mj . do n't believe the commercials you see on tv . every time someone from mj has been to our house , something has been wrong . i guess that 's the way they pay for those annoying commercials . never again with this company .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "robbie did an awesome job diagnosing and installing a new compressor for my unit . he called in advance giving me notice of his arrival and clearly explained the issues with the unit before installing the new parts . great customer service : ) thanks robbie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying i 'm 7 months pregnant and temps reached high 90 's today . of course our ac downstairs stopped working , and i immediately went into defcon 1 mode . called morris jenkins and they were able to come out almost immediately , within a few hours . called when they were in their way . showed up on time . super nice and professional . luckily ours was a simple fix . in fact i 'm a bit too embarrassed to even say what it was but noticing how novice we were about taking care of our ac unit the tech took the time to educate us on basic maintenance etc . we have run into a lot of problems and i have been consistently frustrated disappointed with contractors but morris jenkins was not one . we will continue to use them : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "morris jenkins is simply the best possible hvac contractor one could hope for . i have been a priority advantage member for several years , and it is worth every penny . my a c unit has never broken down because of their proactive suggestions when they come out twice a year for preventative maintenance . pat m was our service tech today , and he was extremely knowledgeable , professional , and trustworthy . you never feel taken advantage of -- with morris jenkins , it is a consultative experience that empowers you as the customer . i rarely take the time to write reviews for businesses , but i feel it 's my duty to share their excellence with other charlotteans . if you have any hvac issues , there 's really no decision to make . call them . and sign up for priority advantage membership , which will save you hundreds of not thousands of dollars in the long run .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely pleased with the products ( hvac unit ) the service and professionalism from morris jenkins and nick b ( our service technician ) . easy , fast , reliable and convient ! would recommend to anyone ! thanks for all you do ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our unit stopped blowing cold air today . since we have a maintenance contract , michael b. came out in just a few hours . he researched the problem and told us our options . he was realistic and not pushy at all . he had excellent customer service and took the time to explain everything he was doing . we need a new system and micheal went ahead and made an appointment for us the next day . thanks for your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "david hickey came to my home yesterday to do the spring service for the 2 ac units i have and he was so thorough and explained everything to me . this is the 2nd regular maintenance visit that i have had from morris jenkins and it has been great every time . the visits take about 1.5 hours to 2 hours . prior to mj , companies would be at my house for 20 minutes and it makes you wonder what they really did ... they did n't really explain it to me - anyway , i think morris jenkins does a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "morris jenkins is the best ! mike was gracious and efficient . the service we received was incomparable . despite the enormous volume of calls due to the heat , mike arrived way ahead of schedule and identified the problem immediately !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just a terrible experience , new dents to go with it . should be zero stars because not all the work was done .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this brewery is fairly new and it 's always fun to try places just starting and then visit them after they 've been around awhile to watch them grow and change . the space here is nice . there is a small outdoor space out front that can get pretty hot , just because all the pavement around the parking lot . there is a covered tent , though . i got a chance to meet the owner and he was extremely hospitable . he provided us with samples and snacks ! plenty of snacks . try the buffalo ranch popcorn ! and dill too , while you 're at it . they have a nice selection of beers and i 'm excited to see how they will expand and progress !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a micro brewery in the dav-corn-hunt area with great beer , nice selection , quiet and comfortable atmosphere . no ass , no tattooed blokes , no cramped tap room , just good beer . nice job , this is a keeper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal beer ! i would suggest trying the lkn ipa or the river otter red for starters who may be new to craft beer . the coconut chocolate porter is unbelievable and easy to drink . the people here just might be better than the beer . they are kind and attentive and more than happy to answer all your questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place . you must . liked all 6 beers i tried ... hospitality ... over the top ! terri made sure to greet our table and make us feel right at home . will undoubtedly be back . thank you eleven lakes for such an impressionable first experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't begin to say what an awesome place this is . we showed up at closing ( did n't realize they closed early ) . they let us do a quick taste and then grab a flight while they cleaned up . also got to sample a new brew while getting some great knowledge about subtle differences in the beers . ca n't wait to go back and grab a pint of the new beer next week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in der n\u00e4he des vaihinger uni campus gelegen kann man hier erstaunlich gut essen , die einrichtung ist etwas pl\u00fcschig , aber der zwiebelroschtbraten ist in ordnung , das personal bem\u00fcht und freundlich . im sommer kann man sogar draussen sitzen , auch familien- oder betriebsfeiern sind kein problem . die men\u00fcpreise geh\u00f6ren zu den g\u00fcnstigsten in dieser gegend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "waren zu zweit dort und wurden sofort am empfang freundlich empfangen . essen : das fildert\u00f6pfle ( 3 schweinemedaillons mit buttersp\u00e4tzle ) und eine forelle mit kartoffeln . beide gerichte waren sehr lecker zubereitet . w\u00fcrden jeder zeit wieder hingehen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir waren das erste mal dort , mit \u00fcbernachtung . nachdem wir eingecheckt haben setzten wir uns auf die terrasse um was zu essen . nachdem wie die speisekarte geschrieben ist , k\u00f6nnte man meinen in einen gourmet-restaurant zu essen . aber mitnichten , unser essen war eine katastrophe , die sauce eine pampe , mit viel zu viel alkohol und das fleisch war trocken . am n\u00e4chsten morgen beim fr\u00fchst\u00fcck das sonntags nur von 8-10 uhr geht erwartete uns ein leeres b\u00fcffet , nicht abger\u00e4umte tische . nachdem wir die frau angesprochen haben wo wir uns denn hinsetzen k\u00f6nnen wurden wir pampig angesprochen , sie k\u00f6nne nicht alles machen . auch die2 . servicekraft , die dann irgendwann kam war total unprofessionell und \u00fcberfordert . wir mussten zweimal nach besteck fragen , der kaffe wurde erst nach mehrmaligen anfragen serviert . also , so kann man kein hotel f\u00fchren , mit schlechtgelaunten mitarbeiter und katastrphalen servicekr\u00e4ften", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hotelzimmer sind sehr klein ! t\u00fcr lies sich nicht vollst\u00e4ndig \u00f6ffnen . bett ist nur 70 cm breit . im badezimmer kann man nicht umfallen : ( auch das zimmer meines kollegens war nicht viel anders , aber der preis war daf\u00fcr hoch ( 87eur ) . sorry aber dasist kein standart mehr heutzutage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wir haben die besitzer manager auf der hochzeitsmesse kennen gelernt , diese haben sehr viel versprochen , was die k\u00fcche dieses hotelrestaurants leider nicht halten konnte . der gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche war eine frechheit , dieser bestand aus einem 0815-kracker , welcher auch h\u00e4tte bei aldi gekauft sein k\u00f6nnen , eine halbe sehr kleine cocktailtomate , eine trockene scheibe baguette und ein klecks sehr fader fl\u00fchlingsquark , sowas schlechtes hab ich noch nie gesehen . wenn man nur sowas liefert , sollte man den gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche gleich weglassen . das essen ( fisch und kalbsfilet ) war sehr trocken , alles in allem nicht gut und dazu noch viel zu teuer . die bedienung war auch nicht sehr freundlich . das ambiente ist sch\u00f6n , man k\u00f6nnte mehr draus machen . wir werden den r\u00f6merhof jedenfalls leider nicht mehr besuchen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unser reservierter tisch war trostlos in der sogenannten galerie im farblosen nebenzimmer , einer besseren abstellkammer . passt genau , da die servicezeiten auf ein abstellen der besucher hindeuten . die tischl\u00e4ufer hatten keine b\u00fcgelmaschine gesehen . der gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche kam prompt - den allerdings mu\u00dften wir uns bestimmt eine 3 4 stunde einteilen . eine \u00fcbung zur geduld bis zum servieren des hauptgangs , bzw . teilen davon . es kam irgendwie alles durcheinander : rostbraten ( sehr durch , was die wartezeit erkl\u00e4ren w\u00fcrde ) mit falsch zugeordneten bratkartoffeln , die eigentlich zum gef\u00fcllten schweiner\u00fccken geh\u00f6rten . ein schweiner\u00fccken hatte die k\u00fcche sogar g\u00e4nzlich vergessen . hier kam die nachlieferung dann nach 15 min . bis auf eine entschuldigung gab es nichts . immerhin drei von vier essen gleichzeitig . und beilagenroulette geh\u00f6rt wohl zum amusement-rahmenprogramm . die obligatorische frage : hat es geschmeckt gibt es hier in aussage und beschlussform es hat geschmeckt . vom bedienpersonal wohlgemerkt . auch die rechnung haben wir mit 2-maligem nachfragen dann schon nach 20 minuten erhalten . also insgesamt leider nichts zum weiterempfehlen . es bleibt ein einmaliges erlebnis .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dort gibt es gutes essen und man kann auch dort \u00fcbernachten . es liegt in richtung uni nicht ganz im herzen von vaihingen . man ist aber schnell in den ortskern gelaufen . wer m\u00f6chte kann dort auch drausen essen . au\u00dferdem gibt es f\u00fcr kinder eine schaukel", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wir hatten aufgrund der selbstdarstellung und der klangvollen beschreibungen der gerichte auf der webseite hohe erwartungen . wir wurden leider entt\u00e4uscht . wir kamen zu viert zum probeessen , vier unterschiedliche hauptgerichte nebst vorspeisen waren im rennen . keines konnte \u00fcberzeugen . zugegeben : die maultaschen sind sehr gut . aber warum m\u00fcssen sie in der pfanne schmoren , bis sie g\u00e4nzlich trocken sind ? warum schmeckt das champagner-himbeer-dressing am salat so intensiv nach wasser und essig ? und warum \u00fcberhaupt besteht das salatbouquet nur aus drei salatbl\u00e4ttern und zwei tomatenscheiben ? auch den gru\u00df aus der k\u00fcche h\u00e4tte man nicht so lange rumstehen lassen m\u00fcssen , da\u00df das brot schon so trocken ist , da\u00df es knapp das kn\u00e4ckebrot verfehlt . die kr\u00f6nung des ganzen bahnte sich bereits an , als wir kamen : w\u00e4hrend des gesamten besuchs im restaurant haben wir keine servietten bekommen ! ich mu\u00dfte mir mit dem papiereinleger zwischen salatsch\u00fcsselchen und unterteller den mund abwischen was den service und das essen angeht , ist dieses restaurant durchgefallen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "schade das ein hotel & restaurant mit sch\u00f6nem ambiente , einen so unprofessionellen service hat ! bei gerechtfertigten reklamationen erwarte ich eine professionelle l\u00f6sungssuche und m\u00f6chte nicht noch von dem gesch\u00e4ftsf\u00fcher angegangen werden . wenigstens erwarte ich ein paar worte der entschuldigung , wenn im restaurant was schief l\u00e4uft ! in dem fall hat es uns den besuch komplett verdorben und wir werden dieser gastronomie sicherlich kein zweites mal die chance geben . bei der preiskathegorie erwarte ich ein wenig mehr .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in for lunch , ordered four entrees and waited an hour for them to arrive . waitress apologized and offered to refill our drinks . food arrived and it had obviously been sitting under a heat lamp . poached eggs we 're completely hard , melted cheese had congealed , and toasted bread was hard . my kids were hungry so they are bad food . my wife and i sent back our entrees and decided not to ask for replacements . we had desert instead . then the bill came , and it includes a refilled drink and the two mediocre entrees that my kids ate . we paid it and left . wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in the junction and bloor west hood , for buying and fixing bikes , this place rocks . it is a diamond in the rough though . the sign and shopfront are old-school . but it 's the service and quality of the work make it stand apart . getting down to brass tacks , louis is an old road bike racer . he 's straight up . and he does wheel rebuilds and tune-ups for a great price , with a fast turnaround time . what 's more are the bikes he 's selling . not your average shiny rides . instead you can see this place builds 'em solid . also , as noted before , he keeps peanut the pug around . it 's this kind of eclectic community oriented businesses that give the junction hood it 's unique feel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have a very good experience in a few occasion , louie - are very honest , hard working and knowledgeable person ! ! ! give me right away few options with honest opinion do not waist money - he will save me and i am sure to you too : time , money and nerves . i wish everybody do business like he does ! ! thanks louie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop . lou is my main go-to mechanic in the west of town . much cheaper than the places along bloor , very knowledgable and friendly . have been going to him for 5 years with multiple bikes and never a bad experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for an extremely knowledgable and incredibly friendly shop owner , with costumer service that goes above and beyond your expectation : look no further . this place really makes you feel like home and will have your bike back on the road or trails in no time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best bike repair shop i have ever had the pleasure of dealing with . lou is awesome . as another reviewer said , if anything he should be charging more . if you are anywhere near the juncion , you should be going here to get your bicycle fixed . period . i cheerfully recommend this gem to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently had a great experience at the bike place . rates are very reasonable , and lou 's quick and expert work makes others week like swindlers . my bike is in great shape and i will certainly be going back when the time comes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stephanie was great ! i was n't sure exactly what i was looking for and she asked the right questions and then delivered to get me to the perfect haircut and color . very personable and sweet , i will definitely be back . thank you stephanie , i love my new hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went from super long hair to really really short plus highlights and i 'm glad i got the cut from here because stephanie made sure she asked me exactly what i wanted and did a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stephanie is really great ! very professional and knowledgeable . my hair always looks great ! she 's quick and reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after relocating to phoenix i had a hard time finding a stylist that i was excited about ... .until i went to stephanie . now i can make my appointments with the confidence of knowing i 'm going to get the cut , color , and style i was looking for . i definitely consider myself a client for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so grateful i found stephanie ! she 'heard ' exactly what i wanted and i am thrilled with the outcome of my hair . stephanie was attentive , shared her product knowledge , and was open with questions & answers as i described what i wanted . she then did exactly what i was hoping for ! ! stephanie is detailed , personable and an absolute doll !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stay away from this place ! ! ! asked for partial highlights that are caramel baby lights and received gold orange brassy highlights that are chunky and super ugly ! i noticed them the moment i got home . i was n't crazy about them there but had to leave quickly bc i had to be rescheduled for my appt at a later time , so i was running out of time . haircut is bad also . it 's all choppy and did n't add the right amount of layers ! ! plus very unprofessional to schedule an appt at 1 and could n't take me til 1:45 ! when i asked if i could come in to fix this brassy job , she replies she 's booked for 3 weeks ! so you mean you ca n't squeeze me in for 30 mins to tone down this messy job ? ! do your self a favor do n't bother going here ! ! you wo n't be happy with end results bc she has no clue what she 's doing ! ! she 's probably new to this industry ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough great things about stephanie . she is so patient and listens to every concern and really listens to what you want . it 's obvious that hair is her passion and she works her butt off to achieve your desired result . if you want a stylist who truly knows what they 're doing and has a fantastic personality then come see stephanie at chateau d'tour ! ! you wo n't regret it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend stephanie ! she is amazing and i could n't be happier with how well my hair turned out . i showed her a picture of the color and cut i wanted and she nailed it . she 's everything i was looking for in a stylist . she was very professional , has great prices , fast and does a beautiful job . she will be my go to hair girl from now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come from a family of hairdressers ( grandfather , dad , and sister ) and i worked in the hair industry for years so i know how tough it is to find a hairdresser that really has their technique down and can listen to what their client desires . stephanie is the best of everything ! she is sweet and listens to your request , has her own helpful input , and is very educated in her field . from my past experiences , i can tell how much extra effort stephanie has put into her work as a hair artist . she cut my daughter 's hair beautifully and my daughter has thick , curly hair that never usually lays quite right after a haircut ( unless we travel out of town to see her aunt ) . i am very happy to have found such a nice , talented hairdresser in such a great location . the salon is very cute and inviting . it is a pleasant place to be . i 'd recommend stephanie hoffman to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome transformation for my hair . loved brazilian blowout . affordable and also easy . best hairstylist i found around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't beat the 20 % off coupons that are always available on their site . super friendly staff . i once called about a minute before closing to say i was on my way , about five minutes , will you stay open ... and they did ! ! ! i have no reason to go anywhere else . good job cleaning too . i get comments all the time about how my dry cleaned blazers smell so good ( does it mean i smell bad the rest of the time ! ? ) and they can always get stains out that i feel like i 've washed and dried and caked into my clothes . one thing that would make it even better- electronic tickets so i do n't have to give my phone number every time and they do n't have to manually write it.. but who knows how much that costs for a small business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , this place is amazing , and the prices are reasonable and the turnaround quick . only negative is it 's pretty far from `` the action '' in madison , and it 's a really easy place to miss . i went back and forth on watts road like 10 times before i finally found it , tucked away with lackluster signage ! ! ! ! i 've been to klinke and the awful block systems , and this one is worth the extra 5 minutes of driving by far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think they did a good job on my dry cleaning . i recall that the fees were pretty reasonable . they often have coupons in the local coupon magazine that i get in the mail every now and then . they 're honest about what they can or can not do . i once brought in a jacket that could only be dry cleaned with petroleum solution ( or something like that ) and they said they did n't have that and offered suggestions for where to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people find it strange that i drive 20 minutes out of my way to drop things off at right touch . what can i say , they have won me over . in addition to incredible pricing and printable coupons ( which i referenced in an earlier review ) they are speeeeeedy . i dropped something off on a wednesday and had it back on friday . the staff is simply lovely , and when it came time to clean a fall coat that had some loose buttons , they secured all six for no extra charge . i 'm sure the money i spend on gas to get there makes it so i 'm saving a little less than just running down the street from me , but i 've grown to like them and they 're across from woodman 's . so dry cleaning drop off has come to mean alcohol pick-up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for years ! great service with a friendly owner and hard-working staff . they are sympathetic to what has happened to your items & honest when you 've brought in a tough cleaning project -- ( `` that rug 's trashed , it 's too expensive to clean , it 's not worth it , etc . '' ) there are 20 % coupons on the back of the receipts from woodman 's west across the street , on their site , and occasionally in the value coupons that come in the mail . they are most successful if you have n't already tried to treat the spill or stain yourself , as with all dry cleaners . they 've cleaned my down comforter , scarves , and leather gloves ( after you 've driven over them in the dirty snow ! ) they have a tailor for repairs & alterations . pretty quick normal turnaround on general items . ( next door to euro furniture black red white room 2 be in , madison 's mini ikea . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly business . when i went in to drop off some slacks they had home made cookies on the counter . : ) the price turned out to be a few cents over 20 dollars for 3 pairs of slacks ( ready in 2 days ) , which i did n't mind paying since i have n't heard anything bad about this place compared to other large chains in the city . i 'd take my clothing there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service , friendly people and better prices than klinke or pilgrim . my clothes always look great too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service , extremely reasonable pricing . they are able to get stains out when no one else can . brought in my favorite shirt twice with stains -- the first time i went to klinke 's first -- they charged me more and did n't get out my stain . brought it to right touch and they got it out first try and charged me significantly less . would n't go anywhere else for my dry cleaning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything went just fine with this order . clean , pressed , not lost and on time ! affordable and friendly too . my only qualm with this place is how grey it is . i was worried the clothes might absorb some of the industrial plainness of the place and land me in a mad max film . setting , decor and atmosphere aside the people and the work completed are great . highly reccomend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here based on other yelp reviews and they are right . this place is legit . friendly vibe , honest people and great service . even remembered who i was when i came back in the next day so i did't even have to produce my laundry ticket . will be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here to get my military uniform dry cleaned and they did a wonderful job . very fast and efficient service . i 'd definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks . there are always 20 % off coupons to be found so you never pay full price . their regular prices are cheaper than most if not all of the other cleaners in the area . they are a family business and the service is friendly . i have never had a problem with my clothes and they also preserved my wedding dress for only $ 110 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought a couple of wool coats at local thrift stores and decided they needed a tuneup before wearing them . read the yelp reviews of local dry cleaners ( since i was hoping to find an alternative to the well-known chain that routinely got less than stellar reviews ) and saw this one at the top of the list . brought the coats in , plus my % off coupon from their website , and they did a great job ! one of the coats had a faux leather strip on the edge , the staff member who did the intake was a bit concerned with how it might react to the dc chemicals so she dabbed a tiny part ( on the inside ) with a q-tip and showed me that it made a slight wrinkle - we agreed that the coat would be better off with a non chemical tuneup ( shave and press ) . i can only imagine what might have happened if i brought it to a place that did n't check that strip before dumping chemicals on it . thanks , right touch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my graduation suit cleaned and pressed at this place . i arrived just before closing and told them i needed it next day ( graduation day ) . they said no problem ! next day , i go to pick up my suit and they are closed ! i went to them few days later and confronted them about it . they told me that i did n't have to pay . few hours later i get a call from the owner telling me he 's going to call the police on me if i do n't pay ! horrible experience ! stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "earlier this week somebody kicked up a rock on the freeway and broke my windshield so i sent out several requests for a windshield replacement windshield on yelp 2 days ago . not only did these guys reply to my online quote request right away , they were the lowest cost for matching oem glass and , they did n't reply to my online request with a request for me to call them back for the quote , or for me to send them my phone number so they could call me . ( i hate that . ) note to all merchants : an online quote should be just that , online . i finally finished the online quote discussions with their owner , matt , and decided to book the appointment with them , and when i did call matt to schedule the work he was courteous and my appointment was scheduled for the same day . the technician , ryan , came to my house and he was on time , efficient and super professional . consider me a super satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was able to set up a same day appointment thanks to matt 's fast response and help setting up the claim with my insurance company . we reached out to them together so there was no back and forth trying to get information to my provider and it only took a few minutes . ryan the installer was prompt , professional and you can tell he takes pride in his work . it only took 30 minutes to complete and that 's even with him making sure it was up to his standards by redoing part that was n't just right . he came to me while i was at work , so i did n't have to take time away to get it done . i also got $ 100 cash from insta auto for doing the replacement through my insurance . no catch , just free money and a perfect windshield . i will definitely be re-using them for future replacements and would highly recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "matt and his group are absolutely fantastic ! i was able to call and get same day service . they were very professional and willing to match a competitors price . i would recommend them to anyone looking for an exemplary , professional , and honest business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service ! ryan introduced himself and explained everything and made a recommendation on something he saw with my truck . very much appreciated ! very professional , very friendly and very fast . matt called to get the approval for the insurance while i was on the phone yesterday and then was very easy to work with in scheduling my appointment . if it were n't for my schedule , he could have done the work the same day . although it was a 4 hour window , which is completely understandable , he said it would probably be on the front end of that window considering what appointment ryan had before mine . again , i appreciate the communication and professionalism of this team ! thank you gentlemen , i wish you the best success and will be recommending you to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan came out the same day and took care of the windshield for my truck and for my mother 's car as well ( who was visiting me at the time ) . in fact , he also found another untreated chip in my windshield that i never noticed . he took care of my situation and the job looks really great ! i have had my windshields done by other companies and i have never really been satisfied with the work , as it always looked like it was a good job . but ryan 's worked looked great and i will definitely be going back to him with my next ( and frequent ) chips ! thanks for a great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan came out to fix my 2004 ford expedition windshield . he was on time , fast , friendly . i did not use auto insurance and insta glass was the best price after calling 3 other companies ! would highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys gave a good price over the phone and stuck to it , no nickel and diming like other places . came out the same day , right on time as promised , with the right parts , unlike a large competitor we called first who misled us and did n't know what he was doing . they sent 2 guys instead of just one like the other place , so the job was done quicker and better . this company was professional , courteous , and very informative about the job and how to care for the new windshield . they are open later than other places , too , so they are open when you ca n't reach others . wish more auto businesses were run like this ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i came outside and saw my window cracked , i saw the five star review and decided to give it a shot . they set up an appointment for within the hour , and quoted me a price way below what i thought it was going to be ( i did n't have glass coverage on my insurance ) . ryan came out and did a quick fantastic job . i was happy with the service , attitude and the cost . i would recommend them and definitely use their services again . great job guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service at its best ! the quality of service that i got was way beyond what i paid for . i wo n't have second thoughts in recommending these guys with friends and family or anyone for that matter . now i know why you guys have a very high customer satisfaction rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! they had the best price , and i called several places ... ryan was so nice and he called to let me know when he would be here and was on time ! ! will be telling all my friends about them ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a huge crack on my windshield and needed it replaced before i headed off on a road trip . i requested a quote and within half an hour i received one ! after looking at the reviews here on yelp seeing that insta auto glass has a perfect 5 star review for all of their customers i just had to set up an appointment . they were really flexible to my schedule and the quote was less than what i was expecting ! my windshield was replaced quickly and my car was looking as good as new . no wonder they have a perfect score , their customer service and work is outstanding ! will be calling them again if i need another windshield replacement ( i hope i do n't anytime soon ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw the ratings on yelp and thought i would try them . spoke with matt , the owner . he worked me into there schedule same day . i was getting quotes from three other windshield repair companies and insta auto was half the price ( cash customer ) ! the installer ryan , was very professional and updated me as his day progressed about getting to my house . an honest business that cares about there customers . would highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks matt and ryan for being reasonable , honest , on-time , and doing the job right . the price i was quoted was exactly what i paid . i appreciate the job well done and the professionalism guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exceptionally nice staff , great diner food , and the staff remembers you ! i came here six months prior to this weeks visit . i noticed on all the name tags the staff retention is very good . they seem so relaxed and non stressed in that environment ! lots of smiles ! see you in six weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my third visit in two days . i have experienced 2 bad breakfasts and 1 good late night sandwich . today 's ultimate skillet was lacking spinach , mushrooms , and the cheese . it was overloaded with potatoes and over cooked onions . my 1st cup off coffee was ice cold . service was very slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty quick service when they are n't too busy . the food is very good but the prices are a little too high for my liking . the makes server that has been here for ages is the best one and he always is enthusiastic and happy to be at work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute park m\u00f6klichkeiten ganz passable auswahl preise in allen kategorien und die beratung war an und f\u00fcr sich auch ganz gut aber als wir den artikel dann kaufen wollten wurde uns mitgeteilt das der ausgeschriebene preis nicht der richtige sei ( dem verk\u00e4ufer der uns beraten hat dem ist das nicht aufgefallen ) und das produkt somit 70eur teurer ist- das war wohl eine aktion von vor 3 wochen ansich nicht schlimm , passiert wir sind alle nur menschen aber ein kurzes entschuldigung das war ein versehen erwarte ich in so einer situation von einem einzelhandelsmitarbeiterweit gefehlt ! die haben ein riesen tam tam im laden gemacht- uns war das schon fast peinlich letzen endes sind wir ohne artikel gegangen und sind bei baby one in leinfelden f\u00fcnig geworden- \u00fcbrigends ist hier auch der service , die auswahl und die testm\u00f6glichkeit viel besser !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gro\u00dfe auswahl , aber auch ziemlich gro\u00dfe preise . da hab ich es mal wieder verstanden , dass manche leute kinder heutzutage als anlageobjekt sehen wenn der g\u00e4ngige strampler um die 10 euro kostet , liegt das vermutlich nicht an den herstellkosten ( =fertigung und material ) das ist hier nicht anders als in anderen kinder- und babyfachm\u00e4rkten . wirklich genervt hat uns , dass wir bisher immer warten mussten , bis wir an einen zust\u00e4ndigen und kompetenten verk\u00e4ufer gerieten bzw . weitergereicht wurden . und dann gleich nach beantwortung der frage schwupp , weg war er oder sie wieder", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gut sortiert und super nettes personal ! samstags muss man ein wenig zeit mitbringen da mehr kunden im laden sind . wenn man jedoch unter der woche kommt dann wird man sehr zeitnah bedient . top kinder fachmarkt wo man fair und freundlich beraten wird und sich die mitarbeiter wirklich ins zeug legen ! weiter so ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super auswahl und immer guter service und gute beratung", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being new to arizona , we did n't want to prepare our first years ' taxes ourselves as each state has differences . we were able to schedule our appointment online , and received a confirmation call the next day . being in a certain mile radius of his business , he came to our home for no extra charge . this ended up being more helpful than we thought , as more than one question required us to search for paperwork . mark arrived at the scheduled time , and had great attention to detail . he caught some things we would have missed , and made suggestions to benefit us for next year . his rates were very reasonable based on the time he spent with us preparing everything . we would highly recommend mark smith for tax preparation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark is amazing and you can tell he knows his taxes . he even took a look at our last year 's taxes and told us we missed a major tax right off and offered to amend them . he was very helpful and even answered questions we had , explaining them so we could understand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made a good choice in selecting mark to do my taxes this year . he answered questions , clarified issues , and gave me helpful advice . i 'd been using turbo tax for years but never fully understood what made the little counter in the corner of the screen roll up and down . i gained a lot of knowledge from mark , and he was very personable and efficient . the cost was reasonable and well worth it . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark made filing my 2014 taxes easy and painless . he was very thorough and was very helpful during the whole process . scheduling an appointment with him was easy , as i was able to do so online . he came to my home for no extra charge and i was able to get my taxes all squared away within the comfort of my own home . he was very easy to talk to and work with . i will definitely be using him in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working with mark to file my 2012 taxes was a great experience . he covered all the details and different options to figure out which course would benefit me the most . i would highly recommend mark for his accounting talents and patience ! thanks again mark !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is different . it is not your typical corporate bar . i have been to a lot of restaurants and have chefs come talk to me but never the owner . he actually cares about his customers and wants to make sure they are satisfied . the wings are bigger than anywhere else and the sauces are award winning . cheesy fries actually have real cheese on them and not from a can . this is a must visit place because the food is not only good quality but fresh as well . will be back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for your hospitality erica and i have to say ... .these are some of the best wings i have ever had . you really have to come in here and try these ! wings are out of this world paul . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon my 3rd try of this place i love the irony of a bengal fan ordering the daily special `` cinci chili '' in browns country . i really enjoy this place it obviously locally owned by some great people . if your traveling to or just passing by stop in its not far off the highway and you 'll get a great value for you dollar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for the first time last night . waited forever as we watched the bartender chat with customers ( from their side of the bar ) . patrons saw us come in ( who were talking to her ) and did nothing to tell her she had patrons waiting . had to get up and go to her to ask if we could order drinks . i 'll go again after reading reviews , but not a good first impression on the service . the entire time we waited she did not serve one other drink , so she was n't busy working .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in for their wings , the best in lorain county . garlic parmesan takes me to a wing utopia", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a sauce man through and through , but at mccrann 's the dry rubs are where it 's at . you can tell they put a lot of time into their rubs , not just using straight out of the bottle mccormick seasonings . the rubs are gritty , citrusy , and crispy , perfectly adhering to the crispy on the outside yet tender on the inside wing . i 've been here five times and each time the bartenders have been super friendly and engaging . it is definitely a dive bar atmosphere but the restrooms are well taken care of and there 's a pool table and darts . as a wing connoisseur i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so the thing about this place is that they do have really amazing wings . and their toilet paper is the best . they do n't get that 1-ply bullshit . not that those two are directly related , i am just pretty impressed with the tp they had stocked . usually dive bars have really awful tp and i 'm not sure if that 's just because they think you wo n't notice if you 're really drunk or what . anyway , try the wings . karaoke on friday is pretty entertaining as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if the cook was more worried about the chicken than the chicken heads , maybe . 20 minutes , 20 bucks , and mine were so overcooked they were throwaways . first and only time for me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great dive bar with great wings ! the other food looks great too but i 've never gotten past the wings . original sauces and great dry rubs . i always ask for heavy seasoning on the dry rubs , chris then cakes the wings . i drink more beer . it 's a great equation . erica is the bartender i see the most . she 's a sweetheart and then some ! cute and funny which is my kind of bartender , she 'll have you full of food , beer , and laughs before you know it . ask for the et . special ... it 's her own wing creation . as far as lorain county goes , this place is a gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had contemplated stopping here for a couple months for karaoke . we finally did and wished we had n't . they stop serving half their menu at 9:45 ( really on a friday night ? ? ) the bartender was n't very friendly and they only had one beer on draft all and all not a great experience . maybe even a bit overpriced for location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place . great wings and good drink specials ! karoke on fridays is fun ... always seems to be an interesting crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the original preppy men 's store . i have been shopping here for almost 20 years ! the style of clothing here is classic and timeless . anything you buy here will be in style 10 to 20 years from now . this place defiantly reminds me of old money as most of their clientele seems to be 50 plus . the gap , brooks brothers and banana republic want to be kountz & rider when they grow up . they offer some of the best selection of polo i have ever seen in pittsburgh . service is always superb as well . you are never rushed but , a salesperson is always nearby should you need anything . if you love polo as much as i do then you defiantly need to come by and check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best classic men 's clothing store in pittsburgh . service is second to none . these guys remember how things were done in the old days . my father recommending them when i needed a shirt on a recent visit and i could not have been treated better . wish i lived closer . they 'd get all of my business . hard to believe this is the first yelp review , but i imagine their typical clientele do n't do yelp . in any event , a great store with top brands and even better service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an institution . kountz and rider defines what a men 's clothing store is , and was onto khakis and button downs before there was a gap . it is a great store with people who care , and a sense of timeless style that rarely fails . in this day of chains , it is nice to have a store that does n't change what means most -- quality clothing with great service . a true pittsburgh original .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered three kinds of dark chocolate bark for a baby shower , attended by some friends and colleagues with discerning palates . cocoa palette came through beautifully . first , their dark chocolate bark is very impressive : high quality chocolate with creative toppings , reflecting the artistry that justifies the title `` chocolatier '' for its owner , angela . second , angela worked with me to custom-make some bark with variations of the toppings listed on their website and to provide a discount for a significant order . preferring simplicity , i requested my personal favorite for half the order : dark chocolate with toasted almonds . but another flavor proved to be a surprisingly big hit : dark chocolate with herbs de provence and a special chardonnay salt ; it was amazing . the dark chocolate with lavender and lemon was also an eye-opener , although most people are satisfied with just a small taste of the lavender . if you want to impress a dark chocolate lover , or make a splash at a dinner party , check out the chocolate bark or the equally creative chocolate truffles at cocoa palette .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner , angrla , was a pleasure to work with . i bought a groupon and was more than impressed with her customer service . additionally , she worked with me for a big event i 'm helping to plan . her packaging is high-end and very elegant . her truffles are beautifully decorated . i can not wait to indulge in her chocolates .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used these chocolates to give as gifts to people businesses who send me patients . they absolutely loved them ! ! ! they said they had never seen chocolates like these before . and many of them later let me know that they had so much fun trying the different flavors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these chocolates are absolutely to die for ! i love that the chocolatier holds open houses where people can try the wonderful , unique flavors of chocolate she creates . not only are they beautiful , but they are delicious . what a nice gift for someone or a tasty treat for yourself . mmm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i got this chocolate as a present for valentines . when i met the `` chocolatier '' i was with an african american friend . she completely ignored my friend . she did n't know that my friend purchased her chocolate as a gift for me through a living social deal . i love chocolate . i have purchased gourmet truffles including raw chocolate from chocolatiers in different parts of the country . some of my favorites have been in portland , or , orange county , ca , and san francisco , ca . her chocolate was my least favorite . almost every truffle has been out of balance with unusual aftertastes . i am simply not a fan . i doubt that either of us will every buy this product again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very happy to say that angela 's truffles are taking off here in cottonwood . i hope i am allowed to say i am a proud purveyor . when they arrived i was impressed by their design and further blown away by the flavor . ( tears in my eyes ... ) my darling , have no fear , there are people up here who understand flavor , quality and most importantly : great chocolate ! my beautiful patrons have latched onto these delectable wonders and i am happy to say the cocoa palette will always have a place in northern az wine country with bonne lait ! bravo mon ami !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a living social and got my order in last minute before it expired ! angela , the owner , was very professional and took a lot of her time to tell me about all the chocolates and many other delicious treats she makes all by herself ! all her chocolates are made from scratch , vegan and have no preservatives or waxes like many other products ! i love the way she packages all her products and the web site makes it easy to order ! i will put an order in for christmas for sure , and another one just for myself ! yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a cocoa palette enthusiast since its earliest days . i am not very adventurous with treats and i have been surprised at how delicious the different combinations are . customer service is great and very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was married at beechmont country club and had the wedding of my dreams . the wait staff was spectacular and went out of their way to please me and my guests . everyone had a great time . i had my own private tasting before the event with my immediate family to ensure the items were what i desired . the valet parking is always a plus and was appreciated by my guests . there was a place to get ready and store any gifts brought by guests to the event . beechmont also provided me with suggestions for my wedding such as a chocolate fountain , band , and string quartet to use etc..the golf course always looks immaculate , and i hope to continue to have all of the special occasions in my life at beechmont .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to a wedding here last month and it was wonderful ! the cocktail reception and dinner were amazing . the main space is beautiful and provided just the right amount of space to show everyone what you 're workin ' with . also , the staff was so professional and very attentive- i was really impressed with everyone working that night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service awesome food relaxed atmosphere . grandparents have been going here for years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just spent an unbelievable weekend at your member guest tournament . it is truly the best run member guest tournament in the country ! service is excellent . the staff is friendly and courteous . the golf pro and his associates are phenomenal . i can not stop saying how impressed i am with this country club . on top of it , i have been coming here for years as a guest for this event . and consistently every year the tournament , the food , and the times are better and better every year . thank you for making me feel like a member ( as your guest ) at your club !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back about 10 years ago there used to be a somali restaurant called sahara on yonge dundas . i used to eat `` chicken sughar '' there almost every day - yes it was that good ! but then the place all of a sudden closed down ... i 've since been searching for a halal somali place that does good chicken sughar , and finally found it at xamar weyne ! very well cooked ! praise the lord ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best samosa in the city - no potato filler . all beef , onion , spices and some greens . fried to a perfect crisp . unbelievable taste . a true hidden gem . get there now and enjoy a genuine treat ! update - went back on a saturday with the lady . asked to see a menu but the owner said they do n't really have one - he cooks up what 's good that day . we were lucky and got to try some of the best goat and rice with sides ever . felt like a true home cooked meal . this place is legendary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best places to get samosas in the gta , friendly staff . proper african style samosas with meat - beef , chicken or not recommended fish . great value ! been coming here for years and highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to call them on 10 3 to get a washer repair . they scheduled someone to come out today between 4 and 6pm . no one ever called or showed up . called them to see what the deal was and was promptly put of hold for 5 minutes . hung up and called back twice and no one answered . posted hours are till 8pm . oh well guess i will find someone else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i live in california , but have a rental in mesa . i called this company to repair a dryer at the rental . the appliance was repaired fine , but they are overpriced . they basically are stealing from their clients . through a friend who does the same type of work in california , i found out that i was charged double what the fair cost should be . the technician replaced the heating coils on the dryers and charged me $ 275 . the cost of a new dryer is $ 400 . i suggest you call someone else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm in mesa - they say they service mesa . i called for service and was told they do n't service my area and the person hung up on me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great location . inside the store is clean and the staff is very friendly . they are very fast and the food is correct and hot and tasty ! i love the cheddar quesadillas and buritto deluxe . and they have cherry coke ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dt is as dt does ! rolled into the drive-thru and made my order with no drama . the two chicken soft taco 's and quesadilla were of the same quality you you would get at a dt in town or barstow , ca . fast & friendly service . what else can be said ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast , cheap , accurate , tasty ... .that 's all you can ask for from a fast food joint . my last visit , i had a veggie works burrito , bean burrito deluxe , and a 49\u00a2 bean burrito . the food was ok and service was good . i did n't leave hungry , mission accomplished . return factor - 60 %", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's del taco , so really , what can i say ? the food is greasy , and heart killing . the prices can be ok , but you will get mostly lettuce with that 15c taco there . i suppose when you do n't feel like making anything , and really do n't care about your health , it 's alright . but really people , it 's not hard to make your own tacos , and with the internet you can find the recipe for their sauces and make it yourself now . you know , if that was your only valid excuse for coming here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "6 regular tacos for $ 4.18 ! ! ! what a deal and so good too . oh and i forgot to add the medium drink , so 6 regular tacos and a drink for under $ 5.00 ca n't beat that deal ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always have issues with the drive thru , wrong order , not greeted in timely manner , overcharged , it 's always something . the inside is great though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was fresh they . cut the cheese daily . my order i got an extra taco . free they did n't know but they gave me an extra one.. other than that the place is cool . no issues no ruckus . it 's a good spot . get the nacho frys real good..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came through the drive-thru for a quick bite to eat . i was appalled by the poor service we received . while placing our order , the girl at the window had an attitude as if we were inconveniencing her by placing our order . she kept trying to rush us even though we had more items to add to our order . then upon pulling up to the window , we were given the wrong item . when we brought it to her attention , no apology whatsoever . there was just a whole air of poor customer service . now i remember why i was never a big fan of del taco . will be awhile before i return to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "too beat to cook , and looking for quick , cheap eats , we stepped into del taco for the first time . surprising to see that they offer more than just tacos . pretty decent burgers as well ... you get what you pay for and never leave hungry ... .aloha ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my second review . i love del taco but this time on this location there were a few issues . the restaurant was not clean and the strawberry lemonade was overfilled so it spilled .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know what it is these tacos but i 've eaten here twice and each time i 've gotten sick . i do n't think its food poisoning but i think there is something in the taco that just does n't agree with me . their chicken taco is pretty tasty and it 's nice to try something other than beef .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lately when i go to this location the drive thru line takes longer than usual . not sure if they 're shirt staffed or what . and then to say that you stay in line all that time the food is n't fresh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "according to yelp , 3 stars = `` a-ok. '' this place , for me , is exactly that because it 's cheap , convenient , and surprisingly tasty . how much can you expect from a bean burrito that is $ 0.99 ? not much , right ? well , here at del taco , the beans are slow-cooked from scratch . they 're not a mushy mess . hubby likes the strawberry shakes -- there 's real ice cream in them things ! -- and the chili cheese fries ( cardiac arrest on a plate , but you only live once ) . it 's a great option after a hike , when you 're ravenous and want calories now . i 've never experienced less-than-friendly service and you can get as much hot sauce as you want !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this del taco is the best in town : ) we have been to this one 3-4 time . 1 . the staff is friendly 2 . the order was always correct 3 . food street tacos , bean burrito & tostada was all filling made fresh we have been to other ones in town not as good as this one mmmmm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will start off by saying i gave them two stars because the employees were super nice . i took a picture of my taco because there is not even a full spoonful of meat . the food is terrible ! i mean i get it 's fast food but really ? ! i expect something in my taco . will not be back . i can see why they are dead most of the time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh how i love the steak el carbon tacos from del taco they are just deliciousness ! ! ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disappointed and offended does n't begin to describe my experience . first appointment was great . second appt felt like i was talking with a car salesman . to top it off , i was left waiting for 45 minutes to meet with them . the first guy was supposed to tell me what the x-rays said . he never made eye contact and kept scribbling on s piece of paper . weird ! guy # 2 was the salesman . i will not be back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "insurance fraud beware ! ! bought a groupon for $ 45 was told i needed 50-60 appointments , not to mention a neck and back brace . i went to about 6 appointments when the insurance claims started rolling in . charged for an ultrasound , really ? the so called nurse took a shot out of her drawer , asked me where it hurt , and injected me for $ 1300 ? ? stay away , dr vogel is a great salesman ! ! now i 'm fighting to get these claims amended , what a pain ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr vogel & his staff-awesome ! ! ! i love getting massages here ! best deep tissue massage & staff . where else can you get an adjustment , massage and any other wellness treatment all in one place ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did a full evaluation and a few rehab visits all went well but my insurance would not cover the rehab so i could not afford the expense . my back goes out every once and a while so i just need somewhere i can get an adjustment when needed . last week i called to get that adjustment . the front desk told me it had been some time since i have been seen so i could not get an adjustment until i did a full evaluation again . how ridiculous is that ! obvious this place cares more about the money than the patient . well , they just lost another patient .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer services has improved here and i have been feeling somewhat better from my neck and shoulders . my adjustments were both done by dr vogel and his physical therapist are good at stretching you and giving you instructions for home care . i 'm not sure if my new work schedule will allow me to go as often but so far it has been much better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am recommended to other customer..they did very good job and help me save money . after we bought house , we are so tight with our saving . i asked a few companies only this one really help me out.. the owners are nice and easy to communicate . they just open the business . i will bring my friend to the business as well.. thanks daniel and will ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend cabinets & co ... . daniel is very professional , was a pleasure to work with . great quality materials , affordable prices , excellent workmanship , job was completed way ahead of schedule . extremely satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the final look with the kitchen sink and delta touchless faucet installed ! i 've gotten nothing but positive compliments . pictures do not do it justice , it looks even better in person . i love it ! ( read my previous review for info on the process and before pictures . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you were playing family fortunes and the presenter asked you to name some things associated with edinburgh , you 'd pick - - the castle - arthur 's seat ... and then this . iconic and the gateway to fife , this marvellous invention by man is a very necessary bypass , convenient for drivers and quite glorious to look at . it can be seen for miles around but is best viewed from north or south queensferry . when up close , you are quite humbled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the forth road bridge is one of the most iconic structures associated with edinburgh , but also with scotland ! not as famous as its sister railway bridge , however this bridge has appeared on many , many tourist postcards and holiday snaps ! the bridge allows pedestrians to walk across it on both sides , thus people are giving the chance to see the great views on offer when standing above the river forth ! the walk is brilliant and a camera is an essential piece of equipment for those walks . the walk does not take that long but if it is windy then you will be battered by the howling winds while on the bridge ( hint- go when there is no wind. ) . if driving , the bridge is now free to drive over ( there was a charge previously for those wanting to go to the kingdom of fife ) . also , during the week the bridge is very busy during morning and evening rush hour traffic and queues are likely !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i completly agree with emily t. when she says that this is one of edinburghs most iconic structures - its most certainly up there with the castle and all of the monuments that adorn the city . while i 'm not so sure about running over it - to drive over it into fife is pretty cool - it gives a few great views , but be warned - on a windy day , driving across this bridge is a scary task . pretty cool over all - for a bridge that is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "iconic landmark . well worth the effort to walk over . remember the camera for great shots of the rail bridge . weird sensation of it swaying in the wind but it 's ok once you get used to it . it takes longer than you think too . give yourself a good couple of hours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok , i understand that 's a bit weird to review a bridge , but hear me out . this is one of the iconic images of edinburgh . it 's everywhere , and no wonder - at the right time of day it is beautiful . again , i know it 's weird but i quite like driving out here , parking somewhere and walking across the bridge ! i often see people jogging over it too . one day i 'll be able to jog over and back ! it is beautiful to come for a walk . seriously , if you like going for walks then you have to come here because it can be really really special !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the forth road bridge is a pretty legendary piece of engineering , and forms an everlasting vision of forth scenery in the minds of scottish people , and the masses of tourists that flock to south queensferry , to have a peek at both the forth road bridge , and the also very impressive and historic rail bridge that sits alongside the road bridge . the forth road bridge connects edinburgh to fife , and is used daily by a ton of people commuting to and fro . the steel clad suspension bridge , despite being built in the 60s , has always looked strikingly modern and ageless to me , and i remember being really young and and looking out of the car window at the gaps in the bridge where you can see down into the water , and feeling slightly terrified . if you 're visiting the area , i would recommend chilling in pretty south queensferry for a bit , and taking in the awesome views of both bridges from below , and then talking a walk along the road bridge and taking in the views of the firth of forth .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while to the hoards of people who cross this bridge on a daily basis to and from work , there is nothing particularly spectacular about it , those into engineering and in my case , photography may want to take a jaunt to south queensferry . for those of you who are snap-happy , you can get particularly good shots from standing in the middle looking up and out across to the east- to the mighty rail bridge . i 'd also recommend you take in the sights from the shore at south queensferry where the height and magnitude of these structures really hits home . best to check the weather forecast first .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bike shop in town ! i won a bike through an auction to support the kickapoo rail trail and was so happy that they were involved . they took care of getting the parts transferred onto a bike that would fit me and making sure the bike actually fit me . the staff are incredibly friendly , helpful and professional . i ca n't recommend this place more highly . whether you have a flat tire or you need all the components on your bike adjusted , they 'll help you get back on the road having fun ^_^", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . i enjoyed talking to the owner tim . he asked me what i was looking for and i gave him a rough budget and idea . needless to say , they picked out a sexy bike for me at a very fair price ! would definitely recommend these guys to anyone looking for a new bike on campus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neutral cycle is the best ! these guys are genuinely nice people and very knowledgeable . all work done is very reasonably priced and done well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were incredibly nice , professional and courteous both on the phone and in person . they took my bike which had been sitting in storage for over 3 years and did a full tune up and got it ready for ridding in just a couple days . they did n't try to sell me stuff i did n't need . the tune up was $ 45 and my bike is back in great condition . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tim helped me more like i was his longtime best friend than a walk-in customer . this place boasts a friendly , knowledgable staff , who so clearly love what they do . i highly recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neutral came through for me , again ! i was hit by a car while biking , and another local bike shop did an insulting job of quoting my replacement value as $ 25 ! ? ! but then i went to neutral and the staff was extremely helpful in actually doing the work to assess the value ( doing online research for parts , etc . ) and i ended up with the far more accurate quote of $ 650 . they did a stellar job , my claim is processed , and now i will 100 % go back to them to get my replacement bike . along the way , the staff was friendly and informative ( without being insulting- some bike places treat women like they do n't know anything ) and empathized with the fact that i 'd lost the bike i 'd been using for the last 15 years , where the other shop was almost as callous as the insurance adjuster . thank you , neutral !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop . bike needed several minor repairs . very personalized attention . bike was finished when they said it would be . cost was what they said it would be . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tuned up my bike like new ! great people working there , and they know what they 're doing . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is my new go to for bike repairs . they were prompt , professional and reasonable . they charged me $ 10 for a repair that champaign cycles charged $ 28 and turned it around quicker .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just took our bikes there for the first time and will definitely keep going back ! they fixed my popped tire in a few minutes ( and for a great price ) and looked over our bikes to see what else was needed- what was an immediate need and what could wait until later . great service , very knowledgeable , and super friendly ! ! ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is place is awesome . their prices for repair and maintenance are amazingly low .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never really liked local bike shops until now . reasonably priced goods , happy and friendly employees , top notch service . if you need help finding certain products , they can help you there . service with a smile and a laugh . they also offer diverse bicycle rentals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in because i needed my gears adjusted , and the guys in the shop were friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful . i decided get a basic tune up for $ 35 , a super deal ! at many other places , you can pay twice that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great people . always willing to help with little things for free and did a great job when i went in for a fine-up . everyone is always friendly and seems knowledgeable . the store itself is pretty small but as someone who uses a bike as transportation , i 've never had an issue with missing something i want need . they also have bike and equipment rentals available , including semesterly or yearly bike rentals for students at a good price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great , never written a yelp review & i do n't know much about bikes but i brought my bike in . my bike was in bad shape ! the second main gear did n't work and the breaks were starting to go . brought it in and it was like they gave me a new bike !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "neutral cycle is great ! they 're extremely friendly , knowledgeable , and timely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you want results fast ? do this boot camp . not only does jennifer , the trainer , offer you your first 4 weeks for free - no strings attached.. you actually enjoy what you do . you feel the difference after just 5 days . i am starting my 15th day today and i can actually see the difference . i am pretty sure i 'm annoying everyone i know because a good 65 % of my conversations start with `` today at boot camp '' .. love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am updating my review because mpbn has moved from power ranch to discovery park . i was excited for the new move from power ranch because it felt a little closed in and there were annoying teens bumming around the park after school . discovery park offered a great atmosphere and i feel more challenged by the park . it 's bigger and gives you a feel of determination with all the sports practicing on the fields . there 's more room to run suicides on the basketball court because it 's full size . the wide paved trails let you run as far as you want . as for the class itself , it 's getting even better , being at a bigger park and a more central location has shown bigger classes . i love going to boot camp with jennifer as my trainer . she 's there for you and gets you to want more for yourself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a fun and positive environment . jennifer makes it 's very easy for you to keep coming back . never a dull or boring work out . best of all jennifer has you work out at your own pace . it 's always so hard to stay motivated when going to the gym , not a problem here . nice and friendly people that make you feel welcomed . it has been so cold out and i 'm telling you jennifer will have you warmed up in about 2 minutes . jennifer always has time for any question after class as well . give it a try and i promise you 'll be happy you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to other boot camps but this is the best . 5+ years now of attending . jennifer is a great coach , cheerleader , and life-coach who has made a great difference in my fitness , eating , and the exercise culture in our family . my wife and college aged daughter enjoy going too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 'll change your life . if you wan na be surrounded by amazing people , if you wan na have fun , and be healthy , and invest in yourself this is where you need to be . jenn knows what she is doing pure and simple . she is top notch . mostly she 'll kick your tail into shape . i 'm in the best shape of my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best work out ! jennifer is encouraging , but pushes you to do better and holds you accountable . the workouts are always challenging , yet allow for people of all levels to participate . i love the co-ed , outdoor , group setting . working out at the park keeps things interesting and i could n't ask for a better group of people to work out with . i started this as a birthday present to myself and it 's the best gift i could have gotten . i 'm in better shape than i have ever been and getting more fit everyday . no intimidation here ... everyone is encouraging and welcoming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to workout . i am on my second week of the 4 free weeks and it has been amazing . jennifer remembers your name the first day you join . the workout is never boring and she has you working out all your muscle groups . i love working outside . it can be cold sometimes in the morning but i have learned to dress accordingly . this is a one hour workout , not 45 minutes or 50 minutes as i was expecting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did not believe i would make the transformation that jennifer promised me but i did . i loved coming to this boot camp and my body loved it too . jennifer will challenge you and build your confidence all at the same time . try the first 4 weeks free and make the difference in your body and life style ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whoohoo ! ! ! i am a morning person and this fits my schedule perfectly . i just moved to chandler from california and needed to jumpstart my fitness routine . saw this ad for 4 weeks of free bootcamp and could n't believe it . it is true ! jennifer makes the work fun , and it is work . she lets you go at your own pace so you get what you put in . i 've gone 4 days so far and i 'm feeling the burn in every muscle from top to bottom . the group is huge and everyone is nice and encouraging . i would recommend this bootcamp to anyone needing to upgrade their fitness level . totally awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being able to get my workout taken care of first thing in the morning is perfect for me , jens workouts give me the energy i need for the busy day ahead ! the beautiful temple view and gorgeous sunrise every morning is tough to beat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if results and a high energy fun workout is what you are looking for , you will not find a better spot . jennifer is amazing and inspirational , encourages you to do your best ! how she remembers everyone 's name is amazing ! ! i havent had the same routine yet ! i have lost 6 lbs ! on my 3rd week ! working out outside is amazing , is n't that why we live in az ? ? could n't be more happier that i found this great group to workout with . i truly look forward to it every morning ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review has been so long past due . i went to this bootcamp for around six months and i loved every second of it . jennifer is extremely supportive and takes the time to get to know each of her members . she knew me by name after my first day ! each workout is different and never gets boring . jennifer varies her workouts daily to target muscles strategically . one of my favorite things about this bootcamp is that every workout is an entire hour . from the moment you get there to the moment you leave , you are sweating . i can definitely say that i am a much healthier and fitter person because of her . i had to leave because of a new work schedule , but this bootcamp gave me such an awesome foundation of how i should be working out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while it 's not always easy to make it to bootcamp every day , the days you can make it make a hugh difference ! if you are serious about having a healthy , fit body that will turn heads , first decide you want trainer jennifer turley to be your trainer , commit to putting yourself first ( or a close second ) and you will definitely succeed . i joined my perfect body now bootcamp in october 2010 . i did n't need to lose too much ( 10 lbs ) . i lost the 10 lbs and went from a size 8 9 to a 5 6 . other 's lost a lot more than i did ! you can bring your babies children too . this bootcamp is half the cost of all the others in the valley . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite location ! ! the staff and atmosphere is fun and welcoming . my son will play ping pong or sand bags while we wait for our food . i 'm a healthy eater and their salads are super fresh and love all the items they use pears or pecans ! most recently we were there and my son had a sticker for accomplishing something great at his school . the manager noticed and offered him an ice cream scoop for his achievement . i felt this really showed how the staff is involved with their customers . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cool neighborhood spot . it 's nice to have something like this close to home rather than making the trek into old town , arcadia , phoenix , etc . servers are always friendly and accommodating . the microbrews are well above average and though i am usually ordering appetizers , i have zero complaints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for drinks and games . the ambience is fun and unique with many dogs on the patio.the food left a lot to be desired though . all of the 5 entrees ordered in my group were bland , mushy , and seemed to be sitting for a while .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very lively place with fun activities and dogs on the patio : ) great customer service as well ... .. i messed up my food order when ordering from the server and they were kind enough to remake my meal for me ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing kale and pear salad ! i added blackened salmon and the whole meal was on point . aaron our server is a cool dude with great service ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and drinks as well as a fun family friendly atmosphere . went with a group of friends on a sunday afternoon and really enjoyed it . plan to go back with the wife and kids in the near future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere ... very friendly and inviting . great space to sit and watch tv and drink beer . food , not so much . had a almost raw turkey burger with an awful side salad . drink and be happy ... do n't eat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . only issue is the amount of time it takes service to come around out in the patio . 1 . they need servers to pay more attention to detail in their sections . it takes too long for someone to come to the table . 2 . they need more floating servers to handle people without a table . i 've waited 30 mins and nearly chased someone down to get a drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with a group of co workers . environment was good , plenty of room to accommodate a large group . there was a great selection of beer . overall good was ok , service was nice but a little slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , good beer , shitty music the whole time . like seriously , it was a horrible playlist all night . overall an awesome place to check out though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dogs favorite place to hang out ! good food and good value ! love the sunday brunch specials !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like o.h.s.o . and i am surprised . i would not have thought to go here since i thought they only served beer , which i absolutely do not drink . a couple of our vendors for my company host happy hour for their realtor clients . therefore , i have been there twice . we always sit outside . lots of playing of their outdoor games by the children and a lot of doggies around . there was a puppy party going on at one of the booths . probably about five or six of them . i dunno . is that sanitary ? ? the servers are always friendly and efficient . hh includes pitchers of beer , wine , and cocktails . i either get the wine or cocktails . the appetizers , whether on the happy hour menu or not , are very tasty : veggies with i think some kind of dip or hummus , sweet potato fries , pita with hummus . what else do we order ? a very typical hh . it 's not bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had a blast while enjoying a large group with reserved tables ! ! ! highly recommend going here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "painted black and gold ( even the atm machine outside ) and nestled in the heart of the strip district , this store is comparable to party max and party city stores ... except that in addition to basic themed party supplies they sell everything steelers . in fact , mike feinberg co. was the `` terrible towel headquarters '' from the 1970s to 2000 . loads of pens and pirates merchandise for sale as well . polamalu wig ? check ! penguins mr . potato head ? check ! steelers scrubs ? check ! mike feinberg co. puts even the kooky selection of steelers merchandise that one can find on ebay to shame ! like the website states , this place is your `` one stop shop '' for black & gold merchandise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this store ! are you looking for - a selection of stuffed rats ? sunglasses shaped like martini glasses or dollar signs or hearts ? cheap pittsburgh mugs or magnets ? ic light or steelers merchandise ? old fashioned candy ? party hats ? ok , you get the idea . this store is stuffed full of all kinds of things that you will suddenly absolutely need and it 's reasonably priced . it 's also the perfect place to buy some junk to take home to your friends : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such fun store ! i mean , what place can you go into , buy a steelers mug , a candy necklace and some plates and napkins for a party ? want pittsburgh themed merch ? they 've got it ! need party supplies ? they 've got it ! need a bouncy ball ? they 've got it ! you really need to step in here to get the full picture of everything they have to offer ... .because , it 's basically everything ! i 've come in here looking for one specific item and walked out with twenty non specific items . that 's just how it goes here ! seriously , if you 're throwing a themed party , looking for unique gift or need steelers merchandise , this is the place for you because you 'll more than likely find it ... and walk out with more than you planned on getting ! but that 's the fun of shopping here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pittsburgh paraphenalia galore ! where else can you find a penguins lanyard , a penguins 3 ' by 5 ' flag , lithuanian flags and pittsburgh postcards all in one stop ? i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is always one of my favorite stops when visiting the strip . a wide variety of party favors and pittsburgh paraphernalia .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike feinberg is the go to place for not only all your steeler needs but for all your party needs as well . whether you need those last minute stocking stuffers , celebrating a bridal shower , or a party in general , mike feinberg has it and all at very reasonable prices to boot . the place today was flooded with steeler fans since we have a late home game today out for the latest and greatest of our team . others were they getting last minute holiday gifts . i just browsed since i had already completely my shopping but wanted to get an idea of what they had . yes parking will be a problem but they are centrally located in the middle of some of the best shoppes and eateries along the strip . check them out if you get a chance !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i freakin ' love this place . anything you could possibly want , they 've got it . and probably a lot of stuff that you do n't want . i loved that everyone listed the crazy things they 've seen there - they have all of that and so much more . 2 gems a friend got while we were there : a giant bottle of sriracha sauce & a fake tattoo sleeve . ha ! ! all i got was a postcard , this was the only place i found in the strip district that sold them . will definitely be back , and will remember to leave plenty of room in my suitcase next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you want it ? they got it ! and then some . whether you want steelers or pirates or penguins ... .it 's here . having a birthday party , an anniversary party , a wedding or baby shower ? it 's here . parrothead , pirate , cowboy party ? yep . it 's here . if you can find a mardi gras event , you can get yer beads here . everything for everyone . it 's here . a party of a party and pittsburgh store !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the party king indeed ! i thought it was bogus that they were n't open on saturday when we were touring the strip district , but then again , the party king does not work on weekends apparently ! we decided before we left on monday to take a quick gander thru the store - what a neat store with all your random party supplies . lots of awesome tailgating party supplies . i ca n't say it any better than the reviews below - most random but necessary stuff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every holiday , graduation , breast cancer awareness month , and other things , they have it ! ! ! ! they have an assortment of things and it 's an amazing shop . they are real friendly and it 's a great place to go to get party items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has the same smell as the five and dimes i remember from the 1970 's . if you are looking for that smell , this is the place to be . this store is mainly party goods . i was hoping to find more steelers souvenirs . i struggled to find something to buy . in the end i wound up with two pittsburgh snow globes and some gum .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "party store extraordinaire ! i 've been able to buy things here for any and all themed parties you can imagine ; both personally and professionally . having worked as an event decorator this was the place to buy everything needed for grad parties to weddings and more . any theme you can think up , they 've got you covered . even for personal parties i 've been able to get supplies for everything from circus themed parties to sweet 16 for my daughter . you need not go elsewhere . if they do n't have it , no one does .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i needed a semi-annual a c tune up . i dread this as much as a trip to the dentist . referred by a friend , i scheduled service with air done right . tech . arrived on time . tune up went smoothly with zero pressure to buy a new unit unlike other companies i 've used . he even wore shoe covers over his boots in my house without being asked . i would recommend without hesitation and definitely will use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to my companies store when our ac was out . you usually use another guy but it would of been 2 days before we could get them there . it was vegas in summer . a business that sees 200 people a day ca n't be without ac for that long . martin showed up and fixed the problem . he restored service and mad working a little more comfortable haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called air done right after a tech from another company could n't correctly fix my issues . not only could he not fix it but appeared to be guessing at what the problem was . i called air done right and within 1 hour they were at my home . marlon was the tech who arrived and after telling him what was done by the previous tech immediately went to work to correctly diagnose the problem . he explained each step as he conducted the needed repairs ... needless to say my ac was back up and running and cooling my home again . i will definitely recommend this company and will use them again for future needs . marlon was a class act and the company should clone him ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "before contacting air done right i was given the run around by a competitor . i was very relieved by air done right 's responsiveness and customer service . the technician who came to my office professional , prompt , and personable . i was very satisfied with my experience with air done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "air done right has treated us like family . they put in a new ac unit a few months ago . it started acting up and when we called they came that same day . they looked over our unit and quickly got us nice cold air again . air done right is fast to respond , efficient , and they explain what they were doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am wary of people coming to my home to work on things because i have heard nightmare stories of workmen who damage things on purpose so they can stick you with a big repair bill . but i heard good things about this company from a friend and took a chance . i was very relieved to deal with such an honest company . everything went off without a hitch in a professional , customer oriented manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom 's house recently had an issue with one of her ac units . it was hot outside , she is elderly , does n't speak english well , so i needed to find somebody who could get her taken care of asap . i called several companies but nobody was available . i finally called air done right and really liked the process . no pressure salesman , reasonably priced and fast installation . i 'll definitely call them in the future ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best company in vegas ! ! i called several others and air done right had the best price and could get to my house the quickest ! the technician tony was there to do his job and understood how badly we needed the house cooled back down as soon as possible . completely professional , and i feel like the price was more then reasonably considering how fast they got to my house and had the issue resolved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my downstairs ac went out so of course i panicked . i called air done right because of their good yelp reviews and i sure am glad i did . i called at 9:20 am and their tech mark was over by 10:30 am . he was super courteous , polite and professional and told me my blower and capacitor was out . he fixed it within minutes and was on his way . i thought the price seemed really reasonable compared to what my worst case scenario was in my head - having to replace the whole unit . i would definitely recommend them and now know to have them come out once a year to do a tune up . thank you mark for great and honest service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a month ago , september 30 , 2016 , i came home to no air ! i found air done right online . they agreed to come that night ! that was unexpected and very welcomed ! ! i thought i 'd have to make calls to several companies but my first call was a winner . the tech found the problem and fixed it - in the dark ! ! i was very pleased with his work and professionalism . today , october 26 , 2016 the air conditioner is still running great . i 'd recommend this company to anyone . i 'm very pleased .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "marlon is amazing ! ! ! he was extremely friendly and professional . our ac went out this evening . i looked up some different companies and found air done right to be highly recommended . it was definitely a good decision to call them . not only did he come out the same night . marlon got my system up and running within a matter of minutes and for a great price . i am so grateful to have received such phenomenal service . i will definitely recommend air done right to anyone that has any hvac needs . i am also looking forward to discussing signing up for their checkup membership with my husband when he wakes up in the morning . he just looks so peaceful sleeping in our once again cool home . thanks again marlon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after calling a few companies and getting their estimates i decided to go with air done right . it was in the middle of the afternoon and by 6pm the new unit was installed and running and i could n't ask for more . great job by tony and the installer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our a c blew out right in the middle of this heatwave . tried looking for a company that can fix it asap . i called air done right and after 30mins , the technician came . marlon was great and was really professional ! fixed the problem in no time : ) for all your a c needs , i highly recommend air done right and always ask for marlon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a home warranty , but i still needed regular maintenance on my a c unit . i reached out by e-mail initially and then finally followed through with making an appointment for service . $ 30 for service always sounds appealing when trying to save a few $ $ $ . the technician ( marlon ) was very professional and a patient educator . he taught me what different parts do for the house . i asked him to check the coolant and even though he said it was n't necessary , he still tested it for me . i ended up being talked into replacing a part which normally runs $ 300 ... . but hopefully this will avoid a call to my home warranty in the middle of next summer . all in all , the service was great and i have some peace of mind that my unit is running at optimum efficiency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to thank you marlon for your excellent help in the difficult process of deciding on a new air conditioning system . you were here quickly and helped me to make an appropriate decision . the system was installed quickly and efficiently , the same day , at a reasonable price . i would highly recommend air done right . i 'm nice and frosty on a 107 degree day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called on saturday morning and marlon was at my home by 11:00 . by 12:00 my a c was back up and is now working great . he provided a fast inspection , estimate and repair . he has parts in stock and on his truck . ren'e was a great help on the phone . great service and would recommend air done right to everyone . job well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair , quick and informative are just a few words to explain marlon 's service . overall i am more than satisfied with the service provided .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marlon from air done right showed up at our house on schedule and took only five minutes to diagnose and fix our ac problem . a capacitor blew which was under warranty . so a signature was all that we needed to get ice cold air blowing again . my wife is happy and cats have returned to life ! thank you marlon i will always recommend air done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've got nothing but good things to say about this company . prompt reply when i called this morning , showed up when promised , and diagnosed the issue quickly and efficiently . the price was reasonable , the technician was friendly and knowledgeable , and the system was running again in less than twenty minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "responsive courteous professional reasonably fast reasonably priced in these day and age and in this town such companies are , unfortunately , a rare find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marlon is amazing ! he got here quickly , explained the problem so i understood , fixed it , told me what to look for that would indicate trouble , was very professional , knowledgable , and saved my day ! great company , great service and great techs , like marlon ! they are going to be the only place we call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if any one have a problem with ac air done right gets it done with no problem . i spoke with tony on the phone and he was very nice . he will give you a really cheap estimate for the service check . 15 min later the engineer mark which was tony 's dad came and fix my ac for a really good deal ! if any one need to get there ac fixed you will not regret calling them , promise you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called air done right , because i needed a second opion on my large ac outside . another company `` air supply '' told me that my air conditioning system had a leak and were tried to sell my mom a 6500.00 air conditioner . they took payment even before job got started and charged her credit card . i did n't know they scammed me until air done right ( mark the supervisor ) told me there were no telltale signs of any leakage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marlon is the topp katt ! arrived in the heat of the afternoon 30 minutes after i called . my a c breaker kept tripping . i cleaned the condenser coils myself but still the problem existed . marlon tested the capacitor , all good . tightened some very loose wiring at the breaker and the disconnect ! problem solved ! ! ! all in a few minutes ! ! i have joined their service club for two inspections a year ! ! ! thank you marlon and air done right las vegas ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , clean cut & efficient & on time recommend highly will use regularly from now on ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our a c stopped working tonight so we called air done right after reading reviews . marlon promptly gave us a call back and was able to swing by since he finished another job early . he was professional , quick , and very personable . we are very satisfied with the service provided and would highly recommend air done right and marlon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while it is an outlet store and they ca n't garuntee stocking and availability of certain items , i always find what i 'm looking for here at the best prices . the quality is that of regularly priced items . i wear my ua stuff regularly and it 's never failed me . they are always have really decent sales too . customer service has been nothing but fantastic- super friendly and helpful . check out the youth side , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best under armour stores around . outside of baltimore of course . this vegas location has a huge variety and a lot of great deals and discounts . way better than the vacaville location . i purchased some socks only as i did n't need anything else at the time . although i almost bought some shorts and a sweatshirt but i reluctantly put those back . i wanted those but did n't need them . the employees here were also a plus . they were welcoming and acknowledged each and every customer as they walked in or walked by an employee . it was nice to see people working there looking happy and being friendly . anywho , i will always come back to this store when in vegas to search for some clothes and deals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a good store with good deals . under armour has shoes and clothes . steph curry is a spokesperson for the brand .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband loves under armour stores but this store was careless with removing security sensor on one of our purchases . so inconvenient with this little mistake that could 've been prevented . we were there on a regular non holiday which makes only if i remember no more than 10 customers in the store . i would understand if it 's that busy but nevertheless still do your job thoroughly . obviously we ca n't go back to vegas to get that removed and all other clothing stores will not remove for us even with receipt . we had to go to nearest outlet which is cabazon an hour drive to get this darn sensor removed !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "jolibee favourite fried chicken ! when i 'm in town i have to get that juicy deep fried , filipino style goods . the fried chicken can definitely compete with all those other fast food chicken joints if not destroy them b c of the taste and much more affordable . the crispy seasoned skin with the juicy taste of the meat is amazing and like a traditional filipino what would chicken be without a side of rice ! another big reason i come back here is the hot wings ! kfc got rid of their hot wings so now this is the only place that will tame my hot wing craving . items to definitely get : - 10 piece for $ 12.99 - hot wings", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasted like the chicken and fries you could get from the grocery store . super oily . nothing special . still had that `` out of the freezer '' taste that you do n't find at all fast food joints . employee was rude and sassy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "better than average chicken and fries . their sides taste the same as all the other chicken places . not great but okay . i like cnj better than kfc , popeyes or mary browns because it is n't over seasoned . usually quick service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was not very comfortable feeling and seemed very restrictive . what was the point of putting on a paper gown and feeling like a doofus for not knowing how to put it on , then having it rip . not a good experience . the doc was knowledgable but demanding to the staff . did n't really show respect for the rest of the staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "top notch care ! i had shoulder shoulder arthroscopic peformed by the best nathan richardson ! ! ! ! kind , gentle , strong and professional ! ! the staff his assistant nurse was the best as well . if i need any bodypart worked on suegically it will always be core no mattter where i am i will fly back for all my needs..hopefully no time soon ; - ) the core really sticks by it 's `` core '' values ... this is the route folks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff argues with me over a copay . they treat you like herding cattle . they give you a pager and have you sit until pager goes off then you go too window and pay copay you do n't owe then you sit and wait a long time again even though on the screen it says your doctor 's pin time but he 's really not . then they page you again to see the doctor . i have two major complaints . first my surgery was very minor . at my follow up , my dr does n't even have the decency to check up on the surgery site instead he sends his assistant to do the follow ups . how disrespectful ! second , they say they got my surgery pre authorized but i 'm now stuck with the whole surgery bill because they billed it as cosmetic surgery ! horrible company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most disgusting attitudes from staff and dr 's . and treat you with no care or feelings and very discriminating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "by far my favourite salon to go to . impeccable service for great prices . do n't expect it to be cheap , it is part of ogilvy after all , but they are very reasonable in their pricing . my mother and i have been coming here for years and their treatment has never ceased to amaze us . tony is extremely kind , funny , and sociable ; he owns my hair and i never let anyone else touch it . laure and zeina are my favourite aestheticians there and are very knowledgeable , helpful , and delicate . o coiffure welcomes you with open arms and smiles . sure , you will probably pay more than that hole in the wall around the corner , but here you get great quality , a great establishment , and the finest treatment . it 's an experience , and a great one at that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great salon ! amazing massage during hair wash . i got a great short pixie cut from joe ! he was professional , attentive to my concerns and helped me figure out what cut would look best for me . cut was 70 $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lea is the best ! and i disagree with the prior review . i received an amazing hair cut , blow out , coffee and complimentary makeup touch up for 75 $ before tip . that 's a steal as far as i am concerned . lea was super helpful in designing my hair cut for my facial features and for my goal of having a very professional look . she also taught me how to correct my flawed styling technique . my hair has never looked better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here is impeccable and the staff are very friendly . whether you are a customer or waiting for someone they offer you a drink while you wait ( eg coffee or water ) . it is very clean and well maintained . the view over the city is nice as it makes it a bright pleasant place to be . the staff do a great job with hair styling at a very reasonable price so do n't forget to try it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great shampoo and blowout with lea today . she was very helpful in giving me advice on how to cut and style my hair in the future . loved this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is n't so bad.. i have received nothing but good service here ... i usually just order the value slam bc i just need a quick pancake fix with some bacon and eggs ... every time i order the eggs from here they come out a little too greasy that i have to use a napkin to soak some of that up before i even think about putting it in my mouth . their pancakes are pretty good for being a chain.. they are usually fluffy except my last visit where it had some crusty ends bc it was a tad over cooked . other than anything it is pretty clean and the staff is friendly but the cook needs to learn how to not use so much grease on those eggs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's denny 's . moderate service , good cheap food . 24 7 . they have remodeled this one and it looks very nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this denny 's was clean and had a friendly staff . we had no problem ordering or receiving our food . food quality was about the same as any other denny 's . no problems .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . i 'm not sure why it takes over an hour to make eggs . we were treated horribly and forced to starve to death . only one table served every 30mins . have more than one person working .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great for late night sessions of anything ! the booths are more comfortable than the chairs . sometimes you 'll get lucky and be in earshot of interesting conversation . but sometimes this will directly be counteracting your goal of getting some reading done . another spot to catch high schoolers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish there were no stars . you 're better off not ordering something difficult or long to cook , and we had an awful waitresses . food is below average . most of the waitresses waiters just stand around and talk , and its very slow . our food took forever , the waitress took way to long to refill our drinks . please seems dirty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incredibly slow service . took 10 minutes to just order drinks and 35 minutes to get our food . would be understandable if they were busy but this place was empty . service was decent and friendly . do n't come here if you are in a hurry or on a tight schedule .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bang for your buck , kind of loud , the waitress was on top of it and fast , food was delicious and i 'd return for sure . i just got the $ 4 biscuits and gravy with hash browns and eggs ! what a deal ! tasty , filling , and cheap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it took us about an hr to get our food which was actually ok with us . the staff was short handed that night and the manager maurice sat us and took our drink orders . then about 10 mins later he took our order for food . at this point we realized there was only one other employee at denny 's that night besides maurice . my buddy went to the bathroom and saw in the kitchen that maurice was cooking everyone 's food too . he sat us , waited on us , cooked our food , and served it too us . all while taking care of 3 or four other tables at the same time . maurice is a good hire denny 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an excellent burger with jalape\u00f1o bacon . yummy ! ! ! server was very friendly so was the manager . also had the tater tots with sour cream .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meh . you 're better off ordering to go so you do n't have to sit there with the awful waitresses . food is average . most of them just stand around and talk .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quick review cause hey ... .it 's denny 's and i feel like my comments below about the service are n't fair because it was fathers day and they were clearly understaffed . food : blueberry pancake puppies - phenomenal grandslamwich - lots of cheese ( too much ) but was spot on ( not the greatest but better than a homemade breakfast sandwich ) ( ask for a side of maple syrup to dip this in ! ) service : poor , took 15 minutes after being sat to get order taken , 10 more minutes to get water , and 30 minutes later to get food , ( 5 minutes after food got check haha ) though again , understaffed on fathers day and this place was packed . so i feel like this is slightly unfair but this is a review and i call it like i see it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think this is the first time i 've been to the north olmsted restaurant and i loved it ! i was waiting for my car to get serviced down the road and stopped in to grab a bite to eat . super nice waitress , great food and it was a pleasant experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when we hit the road from cleveland heading back to chicago , we decided we 'd stop for breakfast somewhere along our great westbound travels . this denny 's is n't really much different than the others . the menu is the same , and my superbird was just as greasy and satisfying as any other location makes . we also shared the strawberry pancake puppies . they were served with a white chocolate sauce frosting . they tasted more like donuts than pancakes , but these little pups were good enough that i might seek out denny 's sooner rather than later for another breakfast . the restaurant and tables were clean , and the service was attentive . it 's a good option in the area for breakfast or lunch..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family walked in and a waitress named linda seated us . she went to get the place mats and licked her fingers to get them ! ! then another lady came by and told us linda would be our waitress . as we sat there talking about it , we realized that nobody even took a drink order after several minutes . we discussed leaving , since that was gross , linda licking her freaking fingers , and now would touch our stuff , so we did . walked out right there . terrible , denny 's . then i could not even report it to corporate because the store number could not be located . bad bad bad all the way around !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "top shelf indeed . their signature roast coffee is indeed a world class blend that all should experience . if money is no object , i suggest the french toast slam . never before has such a delicious meal been presented to me in such style .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for a late nite dinner with friends . it 's denny 's . nothing was spectacular but everything was good . service at this particular location was great , took it from 3 to 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best place to stop after work on the way home . i always order the grand slamwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not stay here ... ... .unless you are buzzed before you check in . very rough place ! lol", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the opposite experience . a lot has changed . the previous two reviews are quite outdated . i had a brand new remodeled room . clean , new bed , fast free wifi . best value for a clean well lit room ! oh , and the pool was perfect temp and not too much chlorine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you like bed bugs & cockroaches in your room this place is great ! my room smelled very bad . i will never stay here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sharon garden korean bbq & grill newly open at victoria park & mcnicoll has this familiar sign ... song cook ! one of the most nicely decorated korean restaurants in the neighborhood . service is friendly and attentive . menu is similar to song cook , with a selection of korean and korean staples . just love the combo for 1 , great for solo diner like me . grilled mackerel ( $ 5 ) and soya braised beef rib ( $ 13 ) both exceeded my expectation in presentation and flavour . the ingredients used were good quality and prepared with care . i am excited to have sharon in this scarborough neighbourhood . i definitely will be back soon . the dining area are divided into sections so you can book a section for a private event .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first off , the parking spots are super small ... .you or someone could easily slam his her doors right into each other 's doors and make a dent there ... .however , there are tons of empty parking space , so if you want , you can park far away ... . this korean restaurant is huge , but free appetizer dishes are small . we had 4 people but only had 3 appetizer dishes with only kimchi , beans sprout , and glass noodle . i remembered other places have more and more selections . also , i think prices are kind of expensive . a wonderful part about this restaurant is that they have this calling bell ( with `` call '' and `` bill '' buttons on it ) , but it does n't work all the time even you hear a `` ding '' sound after pressed . the waitress will not come over , so you might need to press it few more times . on the other hand , if you pressed the `` bill '' button , they will come super fast with the bill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a nice and quite place , we had bibimbap and pork bone potato soup , the bibimbap not hot enough so my egg did n't really cook , pork bone potato soup only have one small piece of potato , also the soup was very salty . sides dishes were so little ... . service was nice , nothing much to complaint .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a hidden gem in scarborough . this place is an authentic korean restaurant with your typical korean dishes , shabu shabu , and kbbq . it 's clean and spacious ( even their washrooms , complete with mouth wash ! ) and staff are friendly and efficient . for those that do n't know , it 's actually a sister restaurant of the one at yonge and steeles , which is a tad bigger than sharon 's and even has a karaoke section . yes , karaoke . dishes are a decent size for what you pay for . their kam ja tangs are super meaty ( at least the one that i got ) and flavours are on point . their pork cutlets however are a bit on the week side , a bit thin but not dry ; still tender . def worth a visit ( or more ) if you 're looking for homey korean food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i walked in and noticed the place was filled with koreans ( mostly older ones ) and the restaurant design is very korean . i thought : is this a good sign ? the answer is no , at least in my case . like the atmosphere and clientele , the food is very traditionally korean and authentic . unfortunately it was n't to my tastes . the banchan was mostly kimchi and i just ca n't like it no matter how hard i try . the mackerel was decent . the jjajangmyun was plain and nothing impressive despite all the praise here . i usually do n't like jjajangmyun though so i guess it 's a good thing . finally , the bibimbap , which is usually my favourite dish , was mediocre because they use some weird large pieces of lettuce which ruins the taste and the hot sauce was very weak", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all the dishes are great especially spicy seafood udon is my favourite . and they have a lot of menu option to have combo meal . that was really cool thing . price is very reasonable and staff was friendly , too . i am gon na try other food next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wanted to grab a quick lunch with my mom so we decided to stop by here . the decor is quite nice and gives you a welcoming and open feeling . service was alright and they have the bell system by each table so you can indicate you need a server or the bill . i had the dumplings and black bean noodles . tastes pretty good but i think could have had a bit more flavor . everything we tried tasted pretty good but not anything really special . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "trusting jennifer k. , i 've been to sharon twice in the last week . being a korean food novice , i 'm still working myself through the menu , but very impressed so far with the food and service . very nice large space which can be sectioned off to more cozy settings . very glad to have this restaurant in the neighborhood to add elegant variety to the many chinese hong kong choices . according to internet chatter , this restaurant is affiliated with the song cook in mississauga , but not the one at steeles & yonge in vaughan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is now under new management and everything has improved . so much that i increased my rating from 1 star to 3 . the menu is huge with tons of specials . the deals are so cheap that 2 people can eat dinner for under $ 20 . there is a dish that can satisfy everyone whether you like spicy , sweet , soupy , meaty , or vegetarian . for those who do n't prefer korean food there are some japanese and chinese dishes . the restaurant is huge with tons of seating so big and small parties can all be accommodated . there 's also a party room for private events . only bad thing is that the waitstaff can get rammed during busy times and sometimes forget orders or will take longer than normal for service . overall : great bang for buck bonus : menu is in korean , english and chinese", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for lunch frankly because there was nothing else in the plaza . with pricing as it is was we figured there was n't much to lose . there are a lot of lunch specials to choose from and i chose a bento box of sorts that includes bibimbap and jajang noodles . it also included a drink and for a hefty price tag of $ 8.88 . hubby had the tuesday special of kalbi tang for $ 10.00 . sadly his soup was n't remarkable and he said the meat was tough . my meal was fine , not fabulous but decent considering the price . so we wo n't rush back but our lunch was n't a complete miss . i 'd definitely give it anothe shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very reluctantly went back with a church group on sunday , february 24 , 2013 . was not my choice , obviously . the only thing i felt like eating was the jjajangmyun ( in spite of the former experience here with jjajangmyun being a depressingly bland letdown ) . i actually enjoyed it this time ! the portions got a bit bigger saucier , it 's still 2 for $ 10 & they do n't allow me to give half stars on yelp , so being the really awesome person that i am , decided to give this place 4 stars . did this place make me a tad crazier ? perhaps . oh well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here . lot of private rooms . we had a group of 12 today . order 12 different dishes . the beer at cheap but only one kind is canadian for $ 2.99 . the appetizer is not good and only 3 different kind . the food is very average . food are not very hot and it gets cold quick once it 's served . the service are very good . it 's good if you just drink and snack .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here when i know that there is a large group of people that needs to be accommodated for a meal . they have an enormous nicely decorated space , and they are always willing to open the side rooms if needed . buzzers on the tables ensures that there is a waiter to help you no matter where you end up being seated . the food prices has steadily crept up over the years , but a typical lunch meal will set you back around $ 15 these days so it 's not too bad . i usually get the jajangmyeon , which is a large bowl of noodles slathered with a black noodle sauce . it is slightly sweet and mainly just noodles , but having a large bowl of carbs is just comforting sometimes . another recommended dish would be the naengmyeon cold noodles , which is a unique dish you do n't usually find . ice cold broth ( there are ice cubes in there ) with noodles and veggies . perfect for a hot summer day !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good and simple korean food . the food is n't great but it 's good enough . service is prompt and friendly . and attractive . good place for groups and a change of pace . i would n't really recommend it to someone that wanted a really good korean experience . i 'd recommend the place to sample a lot of different dishes", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was terrible ! banchan was limited to uncut kimchi and a really small plate of yellow pickled radish . main course took almost 40 minutes ! ! they charge for rice when you order any stew . what do they expect you to eat the stew with ? ? ? ! ! if you ask for anything else like refilling your tea , good luck . ringing the button did n't help either . you would be better off going to gumi on lawrence and pharmacy , or makalchon on warden and lawrence .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is cheaper than song cooks and exactly the same thing . ample parking and tons of lunch specials for those that want to visit with coworkers . the menu is vast so there 's always something for everyone . it is a korean-chinese restaurant so do n't expect side dishes . you 'll only get kimchi , radishes , and onions with black bean sauce to dip in . i recommend the jang jjang myun and kang poongi . the noorungji is really good too . i also enjoy the fried rice although it can be greasy sometimes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "upon entering this restaurant , we were welcomed into what seemed to be a warm , hospitable korean environment ; we could not have imagined a more horrifying experience . with what began as a simple misunderstanding with the order we placed ( they mistook an `` s '' for a `` 5 '' ) and a polite request for them to bring out the dish we had originally wished for , we were taken aback when the waiter rudely mentioned that we must pay for the wrong dish as well ! never have i ever heard that we must be entitled to pay for a faulty dish ! when we asked to speak to the manager ( that having taken multiple requests before she finally arrived to our table ) , we made her aware of our dilemma , and she denied it straight off the bat by saying it was our fault and that no language barrier was involved . as our last little retaliation , we told her we 'd never eat at her establishment again . her response ? `` that 's okay '' ... . needless to say , we were highly unsatisfied .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is nothing exceptional , service is brutal , the owner was unaccommodating to a group of 30 people refusing to give out separate bills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "warm welcome , we were approached with a friendly smile and an inviting tone ! you have to call them to serve you . a good thing is they have a call button at each of the tables . they come right away as soon as after hitting the button . food was great . price was average . ambiance and setting quite nice . my friend and i sat on the floor seat , japanese style ! ! ( i guess that 's traditional korean way too ) loved the experience . floor seats are heated . i am definitely going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do not recommend this restaurant . waitresses are decent whatever . but the quality of food was very poor . every single dish including side dishes were either extremely salty or bland . the main dish tasted like soaked oil.. like stale oil.. ugh . my visit was just not pleasant at all . felt like absolute waste of money , time and energy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had dinner there with two of my friends . if you are looking for a quiet place to eat or to have a date . i highly recommend this place . it is a very exclusive , it gives a lot of privacy to the customers we ordered a bbq combo . it said was good for two people but for girls i think it was good for three people . the manager was nice too . he came and helped us to cook the meat and the cut them . he also shared how to eat the meat in the best way . it was a pleasant experience . we also tried the fried dumplings and it felt home made because of its dough . also they filled up our side dishes very fast ! ahah i love korean side dishes . they gave us so much too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first place i 've had really good cold noodles , but given it was winter , we got a beef and veggie pot for 2 . it was decent but did n't really enjoy their brown rice . it was slimy and sticky.. the pot had a lot of veggies , but the picture is deceiving .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a rare good korean restaurant outside of the main korean neighbourhoods ! the ja jang myun and beef ribs were highlights , while the pork stew and mackeral were solid as well . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here so we ordered many different dishes such as soon tofu soup , black bean noodles , fried chicken with sauce , and a hot sizzle beef plate . although portions are huge , their quality honestly is n't comparable to any korean restaurants i 've had in toronto gta - it seems like they use spice to mask their quality of food . their prices are higher than many korean restaurants i 've been to - at least the $ 13 mark for a soon tofu soup with rice . would not come back for the second time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came on a busy saturday afternoon - always a good sign . the decor of this place is pretty nice . the service is great , they always fill your tea and will check up on you . one thing i really enjoyed is the kimchi . the portion is extremely generous and its pretty tasty . i ordered the pork bone soup , bf ordered the chicken katsu and we ordered a small kalbi to share . my pork bone soup is pretty good , there 's layers of flavors from the pork and the heat is perfect . they do n't serve you white rice with the soup , it 's the healthier version with barley . bf 's chicken katsu is pretty good , chicken stays moist on the inside and crispy on the outside . portion is pretty generous . kalbi is my fav of the three . juicy tender meat served on a hot plate with onions . i 'm so glad i can enjoy authentic korean food with nice decor around this area . lots of parking space ! highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "atmosphere : very big and pretty , has tables where you can sit on the floor food : 1 . stewed beef stone pot- 2 5 disappointed , there was n't that many pieces of meat , the stew was overly sweet , and overly priced 2 . soft tofu soup : 2 5 portion was tiny , have had much better overall : probably be back to try other stuff , food wise , i would say its pretty mediocre .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this restaurant is my new favourite korean restaurant in toronto . the interior is spacious . you can choose to sit in a regular table booth , or seated cross legged on the ground . it 's fancier and kind of fun . i ordered a seafood tofu soup and it was really delicious . the soup was $ 11.99 for a small and comes with rice . my meal came with 3 sides : chap chae ( rice noodles ) , kim chi , and bean sprouts . they let you refill as many times as you want . the meal is served with corn tea . at the end of the meal , you get a cinnamon ginger tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge place , with nice interior , suitable for a party i guess . i saw a catering menu so i think they do that . they also have traditional korean seating which is pretty cool if you got flexible legs . food presentation is nice as with korean restaurants in general . offers a large variety of combo dishes which is great for people who do n't know what to get . only thing i did n't like was too many menus , took me a long time to look through and make a decision . pictures in the menu were small and not very clearly matched with the menu items . over , semi-pricey . liked the genuwine service and the seafood pancake for being nice and crispy . would like to try more items !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good korean food in scarborough . really happy with the food here ... had the black bean noodle and sweet sour chicken combo . it came out perfectly . next time will try the desserts : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff & nice ambiance . if u want to try their pork bone soup , better go thursday or weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the black bean noodle was a bit of a disappointment which made the noodle combo seem like a waste . their spicy cold noodle was quite good as well as their apps . they also make good mackerel", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i thought that this restaurant provided excellent food and customer service , hence the 5 stars . the kimchi had a refreshing taste in my opinion , definitely korean-made . i asked for more and received it shortly . when i asked for ice water , i got a jug . when i asked for a small box to pack up a bit of food at the end , i got it without any negative attitude . the waiter seemed genuinely grateful to receive just $ 6 for a tip ( about 15 % of the bill . ) now about the food : the spicy seafood jajangmyun was the best i 've ever had . a large plate for 1 was $ 11.95 , for 2 it was $ 19.95 . quite an excellent deal . the shrimp fried rice was probably one of the best i 've ever tasted as well , and i have eaten a lot of fried rice . it came with their signature black bean sauce . i came here with my family but will definitely bring my boyfriend for spicy seafood jajangmyun . i highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times with family and i 've had one take-out lunch special . the food here is always really delicious and the atmosphere is nice . the decoration and furnishing of the restaurant is , from what i 'm told , a very traditional korean design . the staff is also very friendly . i would definitely come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best sausages in town , oh , and their other stuff not bad either !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great little bakery and butchers which i have used for years . they sell typical scottish wonders such as haggis and the sausage rolls are always really yummy . it 's very cheap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after eating way to many sausage is germany , austria and england i found myself visiting crombies as soon as i got to edinburg . i was not disappointed . probably 10-15 different types of sausages ( i tried three and they were all delicious ) , haggis , meat pies ( i recommend the small scotch pies ) , i j mellis cheese , morning buns , steaks , the list goes on . in other words just about everything you can hope for at a traditional and local favorite in edinburg . enjoyed crombies , some of the best sausages i had during my trip and the meat pies were lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used to travel all the way from meadowbank to go to this butcher - that 's how good it is . apart from the meat being always truly excellent , and there being a wide range of good quality choices and various unusual things - guineafowl , duck , pigeon etc . - , my favourite thing about crombie 's is the service . because , like so many other people these days , i know very little about which cuts of meat are good for which recipe and all that sort of good domestic stuff , what is most important for me in a butcher is that they will give good expert advice without making you feel stupid or unwelcome . crombie 's is one of the few who manages this without taking advantage of ignorance - they always sell good , fresh meat . they 're an edinburgh institution really , and i hope they always will be because i may have to go vegetarian without them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having had to walk past not one , but two very odorous fishmongers for the better part of the last year , i 'm happy to swap them for this nearby butcher on broughton street . this is n't just any butcher 's store , but one that specialises in sausages . even the website is called sausages , and as i skimmed down their website , my inner 13 year old boy could n't help but giggle at each mention of sausage , which seems to be in every single sentence . apparently , there 's even a sausage links website , as well as a sausage fans page . giggle ! they offer a whooping variety of sausages , and whilst the boring traditional stuff puts me to sleep , i got pretty excited by their south african boerwors and italian sausages . however , some of them just seem plain scary ; cue the one with whisky , hog and wild thyme ! i love my sausages though , and over the coming academic year i will probably be getting most of my sausage from crombies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this butchers its real quality . i had friends over last weekend and made them a full cooked breakfast the sausages were to amazing . my friends liked them so much they went and got some for going home to fife ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if meat is what you are into there is no better place to come to in edinburgh . it is n't the cheapest place around but if you like goods quality cuts sold by knowledgeable staff go no further than crombies . it sells a variety of goods - preserves , fruit pies and puddings for example , and it even has a fine selection of vegetarian foods but it is the meat that is second to none . there is a wide variety of fresh sausages , mince , pies , steaks etc which will give undoubtelfy lead you to the perfect ingredient for a dinner party or even just a nice meal at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a couple times cause they have .50c wings & they 're a good size not the little ones . this time we tried the gyros pizza , never heard of it as a pizza b4 , sandwich only & it was amazing ! ! i would definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well this is the last time my co workers and i order from here . the food is mediocre at best and that 's if your order even comes right . beyond on that the customer service is the worst i have ever had ! the manager will call you a liar ! they do not give you refunds and will argue with you about the situation . i was hung up on , argued with and told that i was not worth the managers time . how rude . spare yourself any kind of issue and loss of money because the prices are outrageous ! all curse words that could be said , well i 've said them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "most authentic mexican food in the city in my opinion . sundays they offer a lamb barbacoa , it is delicious . besides , their regular size of nachos feed a family and are spectacular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredibly slow service for such a small place . about 30 minutes after we ordered , we got our appetizers . the mains came about 30 seconds later . we ordered enchiladas , which were inedible piles of sour cream and cheese on a soggy tortilla , served with three tiny fragments of nachos in a tablespoon of beans . and there was bland rice with frozen vegetables mixed in . we left an excessive tip ( the servers were nice , but not exactly attentive ) just so we would n't have to wait for change .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has been on my radar for a while to check out . we were not disappointed ! the hubster and i came in for dinner with a craving for mexican food . we got a couple of beers and he had the tenoch torta , which was basically every meat in the place stuffed between two giant buns . i had the enchiladas verde , which was chicken breast on a bed of spicy , incredibly fresh tasting sauce and corn tortillas . no problem getting this without dairy . each of us were only able to eat half of our meals before tapping out . they were just as good the next day . the prices are really good for the quality and quantity . service was a bit more relaxed than i like and it took a while to get our meals , but once we did , all was forgiven . i even left my car keys there and on the way back , ran into our server coming after us on the street . this place has found a pair of fans for life !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tenoch 's tacos al pastor rival my abuela 's . that alone says a lot . you definitely wo n't be disappointed with the cuisine . however , the service takes about an hour to an hour and half to get the food , and then another 30 to an hour to pay . i know it 's made to order , but there are other mexican restaurants close by that offer the same thing , and can prepare it in half the time . if you can spare 2 hours for tacos , they 're worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is quite good . it feels like home cooked mexican food . that 's a good thing . however , it sparked a debate amongst the diners what makes for authentic mexican food . i made the argument that even if the place seemed more like mexican home cooking than many other places in the city , it was still not as authentic as i hoped it to be . i was missing the traditional mexican flavours and ingredients . i was expecting bigger , deeper flavours with more heat . the decore leaves much to be desired . the drink menu is limited .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're craving authentic mexican food , this is your go-to spot . my mexican hairdresser recommended tenoch and i 'm glad i listened to her recommendation . i 've only visited tenoch once , but i was left with a full tummy and a good impression of the place . it was full of mexican people , which is a good sign when it comes to ethnic restaurants . does n't matter which item on the menu you go with , you will not be disappointed . your wallet will be thankful too : ) in all honesty , i ca n't wait to go back and try something else . their sandwiches look delicious . hmm , i think i know what i 'm gon na order next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do you like to eat amazing food ? not afraid of spice ? then check out tenoch restaurant of st. clair west ! ! last time my hubby and i split the tinga ( chicken ) tacos ( 5 for $ 11.50 ) and chorinachos-chorizo sausage , beans , cheese ( $ 12 ) . try their tinga enchiladas and chorizo tacos too . so much good stuff on the menu . ca n't wait to try it all ! ! service is meh but food is great ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "authentic mexican restaurant ! best i 've had on the st. clair w. strip . everything is good but highlights include : temales tacos platillos enchiladas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the tenoch torta sandwich was amazing ! ! definitely can not finish that in one sitting . we also ordered one la carnitas taco , guacamole and chips , and the doratos pollo . hands down my favourite was the sandwich . it 's not something you can eat everyday but i 'd love to come back and order that again in a month or two . otherwise , we definitely want to come back to try their other dishes ! maybe we 'll have room for dessert next time around ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't really remember the name for all the dishes i had ordered , but food are good in there , they service bigger portion than other mexican restaurants around gta ... . and the spicy dippings are homemade,100 % nature .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "look , if you want great mexican food , come here ! ! ! it 's not tex-mex ! the only problem is the waiting time after ordering . be prepared to wait . the tenoch tortas is awesome ! ! ! get it , eat it , and go to sleep ... . it will fill you up ! ! ! ! after a great meal , it 's been like 30 min since a waiter came by . i think we can just walk out and they would n't even notice that we did n't pay . ( of course we paid )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly staff , and great food , probably the best mexican restaurant in toronto . watch out portions are huge ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very authentic delicious tacos and delicious chilaquiles ! along with king 's tacos , this is the best mexican food in toronto", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just re-opened today with a new and better menu ! ! ! lots more choices and all the great old stuff is still there ! ! ! woohooooo . best most authentic mexican food in toronto ! ! ! ! a must try . the nachos are amazing and the tacos are to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite mexican spot in toronto . authentic dishes and drinks . if you get the tenoch tortas you will need a nap afterwards . the tacos and guacamole are fantastic as well . service is a bit slow but if you 're looking for great mexican , you 've come to the right spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh tenoch , how do i say this ? i love you but i hate you . i ca n't live without your chicharron quesadillas , nobody in town that could even come close , your barbacoa and consome makes me believe i 'm back at home , your pambazos ! omg your pambazos are great when you dont run out of ingredients and fill them out with random stuff . if it was n't for your inconsistency and awful service i would say your the best thing that ever happened to toronto . and i mean it ! ! but for crying out loud stop turning down business , fix your hours and improve your bloody service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the easiest , shortest review i 've ever written : good food , cheap decor , and appalling customer service . i 'm talking a 10 minute delay to bring you a beer and a 20 minute delay to bring you the bill . avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "brian & the zetian limousine staff are absolutely amazing and incredibly professional . they were used as the drivers of an event that i had clients booked into and they were super accommodating . i would highly recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made a big mistake using this car service from renassiance hotel , where they are based , for 10 minute drive to camelback ranch for dodger spring training game . we were told cost would be $ 28 for 5 people . upon arrival we only had $ 20 's & driver claimed he only had $ 1 on him so it cost us $ 39 for a 10 minute ride to the venue where parking is free ! expensive lesson ! company should insure drivers have plenty of change on them , & i find it hard to believe a driver would have only $ 1 on him when customers are paying cash and giving tips ! i called zetian 's phone number several times during 3 day stay to complain & no one answered phone . complained to hotel manager @ front desk who just gave me zetian 's biusiness card & suggested i call them ( card listed # i 'd been calling with na ) . i did use them to airport , $ 20 cost , just made sure i had correct change for fare + tip !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i attended a convention at the renaissance hotel and i had booked other transportation . when my pick up time came and went the young man at the valet located the hotel driver promptly and we were on our way . the ride was excellent , the driver ( i wish i had gotten his name ) was extremely accommodating especially last minute..he was polite and very helpful . thank you for your excellent service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used the zetian limo service for several years beginning with a summer trip to arizona from chicago and then many `` spring break '' escapes . we made several trips later on in search of our retirement home . we always could depend on the zetian team when we would be coming to town . the zetian team treats their clents with exceptional service and professionalism . we highly recommend zetian limousine for your transportation needs . drivers are professional and knowledgeable and their vehicles are very current and always clean . they will always be our transportation of choice in the phoenix market . becki and phil p .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used zetian limousine for years and i will not use anyone else for my limo service . they are very professional and have always taken care of me and my guest . the cars are always very clean and the drivers are always dressed appropriately . i can not say enough about the service they provide . first class each and every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used zetian for over 10 years for just me to groups of 25 people . always pleasant , trustworthy , reliable service . brian and suzete are great people and are wonderful service providers . use them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could leave no stars that 's what i 'd do . while at the cardinals game i observed one of their drivers flipping other drivers off and driving erratically through traffic with about 30 passengers on board . license plate # zet6 . great ambassador of your company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a pastor of a church and have used zetian to help us with our transportation needs for some of our larger events . they are always great to work with and consistently have gone the extra mile to take care of us . i would highly recommend this limousine company . we will continue working with zetian in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over the counter medicines and so much more . i went to walgreens because my nephew was feeling a little under the weather and thought it would be good to stock up on some over the counter medicine . when i arrived at the store i was n't quite sure what medicine to give my nephew . the pharmacist could easily see i was confused and offered his assiatance . after selecting some over the counter medicines i walked around the store and purchased juice , a few snacks , and even a `` as seen on tv '' item or two . walgreens is a great place to grab exactly what you need any time of the day of night and the staff is always friendly and helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice walgreens easy access since the parking lot connects to the other stores all the way from van buren to i-10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just your typical , untrained , understaffed , walgreen . just went there to pickup a couple of things . had to asked three employees if they had it . then it took almost twenty minutes to check out . at least they had what i was looking for !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the take care clinic at this location . the doctors are wonderful . the pharmacy however is horrible ! worst i 've ever experienced . i would recommend always taking your prescriptions to a different location if you plan on waiting . horrible communication and zero customer service skills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "regarding the walgreen 's take care clinic : i went in for chest congestion pain associated with a cold and nasal congestion and the apn almost would not examine me because she said it sounded like it was associated the heart and she would need to refer me to the er or urgent care . i assured her this was a normal feeling to have when i have a cold chest congestion . she said my chest sounded fine and to wait out my cold ( had already been sick for 10 days and it was only getting worse ) . then she it took her a half hour to enter information in the computer and she said it was due to having to rule out a heart condition .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love walgreens ! this one is ok . the pharmacist is funny . he jokes around with my adobe everything we go . they are nice but the store seems a little dirty . the one cashier up front would n't stop talking to us about her 1d lovin daughter . lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got a referral for some lab work from my physician and they suggested this new company which so happens to be inside walgreens . let 's start of by saying i did n't have to wait , they took me in really quickly . i must have been in there maybe 10 mins . the blood was quick and painless . it was amazing ! ! ! and u can check ur blood work results within 24-48 hours through an app ? ! ? technology ! how great is that ! super convenient", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last time husband and i were in pittsburgh , we made a point of visiting sharp edge beer emporium . we 're belgian-brew-heads . we love a run down neighborhood watering hole . it just made sense . this visit , while walking from our hotel to the strip , we happened to stumble serendipitously on sharp edge bistro on penn . sebop is sebe 's more sophisticated big sister . me like . leather couches , marble bar , polished wood , blah blah blah . what you really need to know is : 36 taps of belgian beer , plus hundreds of others in bottles . corsendonk , leffe , kasteel , gulden draak . anything your belgian-swilling heart desires . and during happy hour , every belgian draught is half price . snag a seat on the small patio on penn for prime people watching along with your brew . some folks were eating food , so i suppose there 's always that if that 's your thing . me , i 'll fill the belly with belgians .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with other yelpers . this is a place in the midst of major identity crisis . it 's a belgian beer bar . it 's a burger joint . it 's got a cafeteria feel going on with the cheap-looking tables and chairs . it looks like an 8th grader designed the logo and menu and artwork . it 's the kind of place i could see on gordon ramsay 's show in desperate need of a makeover . so it 's 5-stars as far as the beer goes . i decided to gamble on the mystery beer for 4 bucks . it was a decent lager , but nothing spectacular . my wife and i each had a burger ( bbq burger and belgian burger ) . the burgers were good , the fries were abysmal . i would bet my house that they were frozen and re-heated ore-ida fries . i 've made them in my oven many times , but for $ 12 and $ 14 respectively , i 'd sure hoped for a little more . bartenders were attentive and service was good . so come for the beer but skip everything else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have you ever seen miniature beers ? ! well , they have them here ! my friend and i remember when the beers here were normal sized and resent the obvious attempt to increase profit by shrinking the glasses pours while keeping prices the same . the food is mediocre and overpriced for what you get . also , table service was spotty . it 's too bad because we like the beer selection and the place could be special . we 'll pay for good beer but we 're adamantly opposed to the teeny tiny glasses . moving on !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did n't love it , largely based on the atmosphere : it has a cafeteria feel , with too-bright lighting , cheap-looking tables and chairs , and cheesy wall decorations . the music was way too loud during our visit . the food was just ok. for a starter we ordered the bites and frites . the bites were very good , small pieces of boneless fried chicken tenders in a choice of sauces ( we had honey bbq , quite tasty ) . the frites were meant to be authentic belgian frites , but felt like a poor imitation ; authentic or not , they just were n't all that good . we then shared a classic margherita pizza . the crust was very thin and crunchy , and hard to eat . the sauce tasted like it was nothing more than hunt 's tomato paste , straight from the can . service was attentive enough , and there are dozens ( hundreds ? ) of beers on offer but , curiously , only one non-alcoholic beer ( kaliber ) . come for the beer , i guess .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ventured into here on a sunday ( 6 28 15 ) evening with my boyfriend and his mom looking for a bite to eat . walked in and was n't too busy and the three hostesses greeted us . after asking for a table for three they argued over where we would sit because i 'm assuming they wanted to be fair to the servers . ended up sitting in bar area at a high top . waited 15 minutes with no acknowledgement by anyone in the restaurant . even made eye contact with the bartender three times . we got no service after nearly 20 minutes of sitting there . when we got up to leave the hostesses seemed stunned . will not be returning to that location ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is very average or below average . better for drinking - if you like beer especially . if they could improve the food i would go again but it 's just meh . flatbread seemed like a safe choice and marked as a `` favorite '' but it was soggy and bland . salmon salad was okay but salmon had very little flavor . guess that 's why it was easy to get a table . overall as far as food goes , disappointing . shocked to see some reviews here mentioning good food . have gone several times and food is always bad . it 's bad chain food . do n't waste your money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pay no attention to lindsay . she looks to me like a serial complainer . who has the time to excoriate some girl trying to earn a living ? you can take the measure of a person 's character by how they treat people who can do nothing for them . lindsay , you flunk . the word bully comes to mind . i 'd bet a weeks pay she voted for obama ... twice ! loved sharp edge . get the belgian burger medium rare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the short ribs very tasty had a quick lunch say at the bar good service , friendly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "soooo we stopped in just for breakfast to kill time while waiting for my son . the place was empty and the menu was very limited . however the breakfast drink menu looked quite yummy . i ordered a hot chocolate which i could 've made it better my self . service was insanely slow which was odd because we were the only 2 in here . anyways i ordered the sausage bites and potatoe hash . the potatoe hash was very good ! ! ! the sausage bites were interesting . overall i had an ok experience", "score": "3"}
{"review": "burger was obviously a frozen patty - dense , bland , dry . i found it humorous that i was asked how i wanted it cooked , as it came out a uniformly brown gray color . absolutely will not be eating here again . i am surprised sharp edge is still in business with all the excellent options within steps on penn avenue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of pittsburgh 's original craft beer bars in it 's second location . they have a large numbers of beer on tap and while they specialize in belgium beers , they have beers from other place in europe and america as well . the bar is big but there are also a decent about of tables as well with a few places outside to sit . a nice place to go it you are looking to sit down and have a few nice beers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not return . we had a very long wait , which i would n't have minded had i loved the place . my food was ok ( got pizza ) but my friend got a salad and bit into a large piece of jagged hard plastic ( or was it glass ? we were n't sure ) . not good . the only pro was that the service was n't bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were there around 10:30 on a friday night , looking for some post-concert dinner . the bar part looked more hopping . the dining part was decidedly not . the food was at least cheap , thanks to their half price munchies menu after 10pm . i tried the individual pizza . the cheese was rubbery , the toppings scant , and the crust resembled more of a quesadilla than a pizza . the sweet potato fries was the highlight of my meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really disappointed went after the art crawl on friday night . they ran out of mussels by 8pm ? really ? that 's what they are famous for , at least what i have been told to try there . we had to sit upstairs , which for me is so under decorated for a bar . i felt like i was in an old folks home . we were 8 and had to sit at 2 round tables..super awkward pushed up to each other . just cold and no fun . wont go again..to many other places to try", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am giving one star solely for the decent beer selection . food is some of the most disgusting i 've come across anywhere . belgian my a . frozen fries common at any truck stop across the nation.. minuscule supermarket mussels . everything drowned in gross butter . really , a god da n stale wedding dinner roll for the bread ? all for the low price of $ 15 ! lol . thank goodness i 'm not from pittsburgh . if you want solid ( edible ) belgium food check out taste of belgium in cincinnati or columbus . pennsylvania folks should be embarrassed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sharp edge is a go-to standard in my book . they have a vast menu , crazy number of beer options and lots of seating . i 've been to the one on penn ave. as well as the one on friendship . penn ave. , has a lively atmosphere straight after the work day . our server was terrific even with the crowds . love the buffalo bites . i rarely order anything else ( besides salads ) . they have great homemade dressings . the portions are good without being too huge . i 've gone with my mom and her friends as well as my children and their friends . we went just before a show at the benedum and they were good at getting us in and out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow , worst service ever ! took forever to come by , so long that the hostess actually asked if i 'd been helped and brought me water herself . i finally gave up and got my beer at the bar , which was all i wanted anyway . the bartenders were perfectly nice and helpful , but my waitress , when she finally bothered to show up , overcharged me 50 % for my one beer , when she had actually provided no service at all . i mean , really , the beer is that day 's special , are you really that incompetent ? or do you think i wo n't notice ? besides that , the place is harshly lit . maybe that 's the ambience they 're going for , but it seemed odd . go over your checks with a fine-toothed comb , that 's my advice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "okay so i am for sure a fan of the sharp edge ! ! ! ! i last had their burger known as the belgian amazing ! ! ! an incredibly simple burger with amazing results . the food is always great and the beer oh my goodness the beer ! ! ! tons of imports from europe and great smaller micro-brews . amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "imo this location is underrated and overrated at the same time - if that 's possible . on one hand , i dig the location , the menu and the beer list but on the other hand , the service is consistently some of the slowest downtown . tuesday 's service was pretty solid this time around , but the food i ordered was ... not . i ordered the sriracha mussels and a side salad . i 've never walked away unhappy from a cluster of mussels before but these little things needed to hit the gym big-time . i was so hungry from my 1 2 ounce total of mussel meat ( a guess ) that i ordered another [ fresh-baked ] roll for a grand total of 3 eaten at that meal . the humanity . next time it 's a liquid dinner of belgian beer all the way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hmm , started with the pretzel rolls , wish i would have read the other reviews first ! they looked great on the october specials menu , but damn i agree they appear microwaved . sad , so much potential . thankfully they redeemed themselves with the burger , but their belgian frites , ehhh ... not so much . mine appeared burnt , and too greasy . service was quick and pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're into barely palatable chain restaurant food this is the place for you . basic burger , clearly frozen meat patty . always judge a place on their burger . the beer selection is decent and extensive selection of belgians . sit at the bar and have a couple but seek food elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unusual and tasty burgers - with a very good beer selection . the restaurant seems more brooklyn than pittsburgh . this is not a good thing or a bad thing , just an observation . if i only could have one or two meals in pittsburgh , i would eat somewhere else . i enjoyed the meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst staff of people . they do n't care to correct their mistakes and will insult you if you try to order off the menu . tried to order a bloody mary and brought me a v8 with no celery . no restaurant manners and would n't bring any plates and utensils . it 's sad , i 'm born in pittsburgh and in town visiting and the sharp edge was my favorite go to spot . i 'm excited to see the new restaurants in the area because i need a new go to ... now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's one of my more favorite bar restaurants downtown . it has plenty of good food on the menu but the real draw here is the huge selection of imported beer from germany , belgium , and other place in europe . if you 're looking for a drink this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came for a girls ' night out on saturday . sat outside . nice atmosphere . this was actually our second choice for the night as we were dissatisfied with our first choice ( poor service ) . even though this is a gastropub , the waitstaff could put a lot of the higher-end downtown restaurants to shame . our waiter was so nice and so attentive . there were a couple larger parties that showed up and even suggested that we put our dinner order in with our drinks and appetizers as it could take up to 45 minutes if we wait ( because of the larger parties ) . we appreciated this . great service goes a long way . we had a great time . i had the blackened salmon , which was cooked to perfection ! i could cut it with my fork . my friend got the quinoa burger which she said was tasty . the drinks were good , food was good , service was great even though they were busy with larger parties .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great beer selection and my burger and sweet potatoe fries were excellent . definitely on my list when i 'm in pit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great belgium beer selection and enjoyable food . our wait staff did a good job of pointing us in the direction of beers we 'd enjoy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great belgium selection ! ! ! i left a bad review last time based on the individual server i got , and that 's not really cool . this place has a fantastic selection , and a knowledgeable staff . fyi - they always keep gulden draak on tap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stumbled into this place during the pens vs flyers stadium series and are glad we did . great beer and wine selection . the food was great . the honey jalape\u00f1o chicken bites were great . not too sweet with a great kick . the brie and prosciutto was good as well as the salad with pear and walnuts . atmosphere was friendly and warm", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ok. if you want a meal better than say applebees it qualifies but there are certainly better options in pittsburgh . they do have a nice beer selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're in the area you have to try the sharp edge . amazing food and even better beers . the staff is extremely friendly and extremely knowable about all the beers . i will definitely be back here when i 'm in pittsburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , comfortable atmosphere . just stopped in for a beer , east end harvest is delicious . staff is friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner there with some girlfriends tonight and figured i 'd yelp while it 's fresh ... .. we started with the pretzel knots ... .the came out looking like rolls with salt affixed by water ( kinda like the microwave pretzels you made as a kid ) . not good ... beers were good . i had the portabella panini which wad good , although the panini bread was really texas toast without the crust , just sayin.. i was pleasantly surprised by the bathrooms . i expected old school subway tile but saw faux slate ... kinda offsets the 80s leather furniture in the lounge area ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here after a concert on a friday evening . we stayed at a hotel just a few blocks down . we were very impressed with this place . our server was great and the food was delicious . we decided to try the mediterranean nachos and they may have been one of the best appetizers we 've ever had at a restaurant . seriously , order them ! ! our meals were very good as well . i had the chicken and avocado panini . it was good , difficult to eat though . he got the meatloaf and loved it ! i ordered the sangria to drink , it was okay . not the best sangria i 've ever had . a little disappointed with that , especially for $ 11 . other than that , it was a great experience and fun atmosphere . would definitely go back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very excellent food ( i had the very tasty quinoa avocado burger and soup of the day ) and great atmosphere . very reasonable price for downtown .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the opportunity to really enjoy a few `` brews '' here and i was very pleased . i got great recommendations from the bar staff and they seemed to really know what i would like based on my taste for beers . they have a great menu that really offers a great selection and the food selection is just as great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to find new beers right downtown and have been a somewhat regular since it opened last year for lunch and dinner . i 've been to many of the other locations , but the downtown pub has the best food . the bartenders there also kickass and are very helpful and their suggestions of what one may may not like are almost always correct .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "insane beer selection chances are they will have what you 're after . if not , these guys are incredibly knowledgeable about where to find it . seriously great conversation and every beer under the sun ... this could possibly be my next hangout .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place to go if you like beer , you name it and it is there . the food is another story . the menu sounded interested but the food did n't live up to the descriptions . the special zucchini appetizer was just deep fried zucchini . the mussels ordered by my spouse , were fresh but they were serve in a thin overly garlic broth . the artichoke hearts stuffed with crab were the worst . the baked brie was ok . if you decide to visit this place stick with the beer and french fries . the service was at best indifferent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typically we drink wine , but thought it would be fun to try a beer with our lunch for a change . the sharpe edge was the perfect spot to do that . a bit overwhelmed by the wide selection . our bartender scott ( great service by scott ) graciously guided us along the way . based on what we liked scott recommended the petrus sour beer and the wittekerke belgium white . we loved both of the sections . as for the food we both ordered burgers to a specific temperature , and the burgers came out well done , not how they were ordered . the burgers are still very tasty but a bit upset they did n't come out to our requested temperature . well garlic herb aloi that comes with the french fries was quite delicious . based on this visit to the sharpe egde we would definitely come back the next time in pittburgh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have never seen so many beers before . all different kinds and styles . everyone is very friendly and willing to help you find that right beer to get your drunk , i mean satisfy your needs . i will be making this a regular stop going forward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has decent food at decent prices along with an impressive selection of beer , especially belgian .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent beer selection - particularly belgian options . they have specialty glassware for every beer as well . the menu is underwhelming - a few interesting belgian-style options but they are drowned out by typical bar grub . i 'd love to see them fully embrace the belgian theme . in short : go for the beer ; eat if you must .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in town for lax nec playoffs . stopped in for lunch . beer beer beer , you need to stop here ! the belgian burger us fantastic . the mystery beer fun ! a must stop for burger an beer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never did get to try that ostrich burger : ( . o well . so this is the place my friend and i always eat at while waiting for connecting rides at the nearby megabus route . thank god it is so close , because pittsburgh is a ghost town and there pretty much is no where else aside from fast food to eat . their fries , sweet potato , or regular , are awesome . get extras if you can ! the burgers , sandwiches , etc all do the trick . i get some turkey sandwich with an excellent honey mustard sauce and sliced apples on it . never though to put straight up apple on my meat , but it is something different and really tasty . friendly staff , usually adorning accents and food wisdom . ask them for help . they also always let us loiter in their seating area for hours after , utilizing the free wi-fi . thank you sharp edge for making lay-over so smooth !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wandered in here during a weekend conference . now i 'm thinking that tw value and selection this place offers will cancel out another trip from nyc . go here . get a beer and order food . then get the mystery beer . enjoy it and get another , cuz it 's only 4 bucks . this place may be the only non-conference spot i see , and i 'm ok with that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the beer list used to be unrivaled in pittsburgh , but there 's now a lot of places that have pretty awesome beer lists too . their mussels and fries are where its at . drink a good belgium and down some mussels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waitress said that they were out of the first beer that i had requested , `` lancaster hop hog ipa '' . so i asked about another beer . she said it was a dipa , so i was excited . turned out it was a holiday spiced beer ... .. when i told her and asked if she could replace it with another beer , she did , and charged me for the original and the replacement . damn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent bar lunch restaurant . this is my first visit . 3 of us had the belgium burger ( lamb burger ) and a side . sweet potatoe fries were decent . 1 person had the chicken sandwich special . prices are on the high side . probably gets convention center people on an expense account .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ifood was marginal , service was decent , beer is what you come here for . bartenders are knowledgeable about the beer and helpful in choosing flights for you based on your taste . however , attention to detail of food order was lacking . asked for a pretzel bun , which is an upcharge , got the regular bun . asked for a side of ranch dressing for my fries as i do n't like ketchup , even after repeating `` ranch dressing '' back to me , i was brought mayonnaise -- which is great given that my sandwich was a tad dry and lacking . all-in-all , i probably wo n't go back ... but it 's not the worst place i 've been .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm sure that if you like beer and you come for the beer , this place is going to be great for you . if you are coming for food , and especially if you are vegetarian , this place is to be avoided . it 's just incredibly overpriced for the quality of food . husband had the mystery beer , which he thought was meh . we started with the crab stuffed artichokes , which were legitimately tasty . then , a salad and salmon burger to share . the salad was really one of the sadder things we have ever seen . lots of lettuce , little to no toppings , and the grilled portobello mushroom was small and shriveled , rather than plump and juicy . the salmon burger was fine , but nothing to write home about . at the end of the day , the tab came to a little over $ 50 , which just seems ridiculous , given the quantity and quality of food . we wo n't be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here for lunch with a friend at noon on a thursday . the waitress came over and took our drink and food order right away . and then never came back . i order the chicken pesto flatbread which was supposed to be flatbread , chicken , pesto , roasted red peppers and asiago . my friend ordered the burger with a side salad . after about 45 minutes , i asked for the food to go since i had to get back to work . when i got back to work and opened my food , i found flatbread with cheese and pesto - no chicken , no roasted red peppers . if you are going to keep working on food for 45 minutes , you would think they could at least put all the toppings on it . my friend described the food as `` sad . '' way too many good restaurants downtown to bother with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while in pittsburgh waiting for a megabus on a saturday , i found this little restaurant around 8 pm when nothing else in the area seemed to be open ( did i mention this was saturday , at 8 pm , wtf ? ! ) anyways , they have an alright menu , delish sweet potato fries and the salad i got was pretty darn good and fresh as well . some of the beer prices were questionable though i stuck with soda for this trip . the person i was with also liked their food , they got a soup , sandwich and salad and had no complaints . this is just an average place , i mean the beer selection is great , it 's got plenty of tv 's ... the service is not the best , and they seem unenthused to say the least . i doubt i will be back here ... or in pittsburgh but it 's an alright choice if you are looking for some quick bar food , beer , and to watch a game it seems with low expectations of service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to lunch before the car show . three of us got the chicken almond salad panini . the chicken was moist and shredded . i really liked the ratio to mayo , and the cranberries added a nice tang . i had the fries , which were ok . nothing special . my dad had the american traditional . he did n't like the potato hash since he said it was mushy . there were a lot of options for beer if you like to drink . the staff was all friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to the sharp edge in friendship , but this is the first time i 've been to the one downtown . it 's pretty cool . i like the space much more , but everything else is about the same . i have n't eaten at this one ( although the food in friendship is amazing , so i 'd venture to guess this one is too considering the menu is the same ) but i explored the draft list a bit more and was not disappointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good beer selection . kind of pricey . the food is descent . i like just going here for a quick bite ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like beer you will love this place . tons of beer on tap ... .. nice place on penn avenue in downtown , pittsburgh ... . only reason not a five star is it 's pricey", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come here for two things : belgian beers and buffalo chicken bites . i 've yet to be disappointed by either . the service is pretty good here , and it 's close to the action near the cultural district and the convention center . chances are that if you like beer , you wo n't be disappointed here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love mussels and sharp edge offers affordable mussels with awesome tastes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've frequented the beer emporium more than this branch in downtown , but had a fine experience stopping in here one afternoon for their mystery beer and a burger . the design and feel of the place is more lacking when compared to the beer emporium . it was quiet and our server was friendly and put up with our friends watching weird vine videos on their phone with the volume up and us telling her about this interactive performance art piece we took part in during the three rivers arts fest . the bleu burger was good , not anything incredible , and the beer was fine . the beer selection was good , it seems like that 's where the effort goes . the fries were , as others said , on the low end of quality . spent more than i 'd have liked for what i got , but would probably stop in again sometime .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here before & i would say they were a 5 star last time . last night , however , i was disappointed . the beer i got was barely chilled which was disappointing . my husbands was the same way . our next round was slightly colder but not cold by any means- disappointing for a place that specializes in beer . when we went to order our food the waiter told us they were out of mussels which was n't the end of the world , however , it was the mussels that made us go back there . we ended up with burgers which were good but not `` wow '' . not a bad experience- just a dull one . also really expensive !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a mellow bar to grab a belgian or craft beer with some food while watching the game . they have a very extensive beer selection which is rather expensive when not paired with one of specials which run every weekday ( for example , belgian beers are half off from 4:30 to 6:30 on weekdays ) . the bar counter is very spacious and there is a cozy area adjunct to the bar where you can sit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent selection of belgian and local beers on tap . great list of belgian , european , local and other beers in bottles as well . went two nights in a row . night 1- awesome staff , very friendly and knowledgeable . night 2- uninterested staff , they did n't even know what they had on tap , had two beers before they closed early with 30ppl still in the bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great selection of belgium beers a little pricey", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here hoping for a good meal but i was disappointed . the service was bad they either good your order wong or forget that you even order . the food was n't great my dad ordered a medium well burger and it was over cooked and was just bad just was not good . it also took a long time for our food to come out . the only good thing about it was the server ethan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when did they change the name of the restaurant on yelp ? is the name changing anyways ? ? so confused . i also like the new look of the menu . oh and they turned the a c on ! wow . anyways , still great beers on tap . always can depend on a great selection . tbc ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great selection of craft and import beers , especially belgian . features many belgian dishes as well , along with specialty burgers ( lamb , buffalo , boar , ostrich , etc ) . great appetizers . downside is that everything 's on the pricey side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try it again after a day concert at the theater about a month ago . food was no better and in fact was downright bland . hamburger i had was small and dry . more problematic is the price . lunch and a beer ( $ 8 - $ 10 each ) for two people ends up being close to $ 50 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places when i am in pittsburgh . the beer selection is unreal and the belgium beers that the have on tap are top notch . i have eaten here many times and i have never been disappointed . if you are into high end burgers then this is a must visit . everything here is quality and considering that the price is in the ball park .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really liked this place . the food and service was really good with a good beer selection . had a small but great outside seating right on the streetscape . definitely would recommend you to try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this local chain . while the creekhouse location is my fave , they are all wonderful . i like being able to pop in here after work for happy hour or to grab a six pack when going to a party . as with all of their locations the beer selection is out of this world .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty odd place . did n't feel very comfortable in the ambience . not total hipster but it was just a weird setting . not typical pittsburgh . food was eclectic and unusual . decent meal . nothing over the top . if you 're looking for good belgian beers this is definitely the place though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent choice of beers and a very swank decor . the bartender was generous in giving out samples . everyone that works here seems friendly and welcoming . the food is very good and it arrives promptly . i especially like all the windows so that people can see in and out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sometimes all you want in life is pizza because your stomach just ca n't handle the hunger . the total time from ordering to getting the pizza was probably 20 minutes . they seemed busy ( i went in for a pick up ) . but after having had pizza hut the other say , which i loved prior to all the new changes they 're going through , this domino 's pizza stole my heart . pepperoni , phillysteak , and beef hit the spot . the $ 7.99 large 3 topping deal just ca n't get any better . i do n't know why pizza hut had to go fix something that was n't broken . i also added the parmesan bites to the mix . those were good . or maybe i was just extremely hungry . either way , that cheesy pizza hit the spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst customer service and when i asked to talk to a manager , a man with the name trey stated he was . he argued telling me i did not talk to him when i stated he hung up on me when i asked if they deliver . when i called back i asked if they deliver and the person gave attitude when he gave the price , as if i could n't afford a 1 item large pizza . i will never order pizza from this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one star is way too much for this place . worst customer service , we ordered our pizza , 2 hours later and still no pizza , we called to ask about it and the guy who answered hung up the phone . these people are really good at hanging up the phone on you it seems . not sure why this place is still in business , and is still running . wo n't be ordering from them again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not order delivery from here . late flight in and ordered to hotel at 9pm.was told 45 minutes but the place not more than half mile away . food arrived at 11pm . big mistake as i dumped dominos in the past and should have maintained that attitude instead of giving them another chance . driver was reluctantly apologetic . do yourself a favor and order somewhere else for pizza and sandwiches .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "placed on order for delivery . an hour later i call to check on it . i 'm told it 's on the way . 15 minutes later i call back and it 's been cancelled . no explanation . ask if i want it remade and when i ask what the delivery time would be i was told 45 minutes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wo n't be using any domino restaurants again . i ordered on the phone , they took my credit card , and delivery address . an hour later 9:30pm , i called them to see where my order was . first call , they hung up on me . the second resulted in `` we do n't have that order '' . i hope laquinta stops handing out there flyer after i inform corp . i see from other reviews i am not alone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we called and ordered delivery , they accepted the order . 5 minutes later , we were called and they told us to `` walk '' to come get the delivery that we ordered . so needless to say , we did n't get any pizza . how does this even happen ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this dominos is a joke . made an online order and specifically asked the driver to call or text me when he arrived because my wife was sleeping . not only did he ring the doorbell , he rang it three times only for me to open the door with him yawning in my face and handed me a cheesy bread that did n't have either of the sauces i paid extra for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time visiting here , just order the pizza along with parmesan bites and soda - requested for crush pepper and ranch but did n't received it . told the driver he said sorry and i 'll be back but never showed up . called and requested again and they said sorry to add in the initial order , we are sending it now but again no body showed up . really disappointed with service specially when you 're serving your hotels guest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was a little skeptical about ordering from this domino 's , as some of the most recent posts were n't too impressive . however , my experience made me question those posts because i have nothing bad to say . from placing my order to my conversation with the delivery man , i was blown away ! ! the person that took my order was patient , had the customer service of an experienced manager . he told me it would be 30-35 mins , in exactly 20 minutes the delivery man arrived . # sweet . my pizzas were extremely hot and fresh . all in all i am very satisfied . this location has become my favorite and has changed my mind about domino 's . keep up the great work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did the online order from hotel - awesome delivery and pizzas - great job guys . i will definitely order this way more often", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ordered a brooklyn style pizza from this location and it arrived on time and piping hot ! the manager nicole is very nice if you have any problems . i would definitely order from here again soon ! spoke to jessica on the phone and called back to change the order and she was very polite and patient with me ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always come to order in store and was able to get out of the door pretty quick . love the pizza , good price , ca n't complaint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible service . this is twice now we 've had a terrible experience . the first time , they un hooked the phones so we could n't even call and follow up on our order . we had to drive to the store where we were told they were having `` technical difficulties '' . the second time , we waited over an hour , again . when i called to follow up , i stayed on hold for over 5 minutes and was told our driver was on her way . we continued to wait another 20 minutes . our pizza was cold ! ! ! do not order from this store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store royally screwed up our order last night , but the management was gracious and handled the mishap immediately and efficiently . food was hot and wonderful once delivered . if all mistakes are handled in this manner , the manager deserves a gold star and a raise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how can you not have mushrooms ? ? ? ? ? i am done with dominos this was my last and final attempt to get a pizza that they have failed twice before . i can promise never to step foot into any other location this franchise owner decided to open . ran out of mushrooms it 's comical !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "your staff late night could n't figure out where a downtown hotel was located . i figured 90 % of your business is late night . they were rude and disrespectful . get it together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "parking lot is tiny , you will hit someone trying to get in out and drivers use the parking lot next door half the time when they 're not supposed to . service is pretty shit as well , slow and do n't care about the customer , always in a rush to do deliveries and do n't care about those doing carry out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could rate them 0 stars i would . we placed our order for 2 pizzas around 9pm and almost two hours later we still do n't have our pizza . after calling and speaking to josh he informed me that we would still have to wait another half hour for our pizza since the driver was out delivering 3 orders and there was 1 more order ahead of ours . so much for the 20-25 minute delivery time we were given when placing our order . three hours to deliver two pizzas is absurd !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lousy neighborhood but , great staff and good pizza at this location . grabbed a small cheese pizza and a 20oz after a show . brought it back to my hotel-from-hell and shared it with my boyfriend . definitely improved my lackluster experience on this side of charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location does n't even deserve one star . called an order in at 7:15 on a sunday evening and after an hour and 15 minutes i called the store . after they checked my order they said it would be ready at 9:20 . i was n't rude at all but confused and said that it had already been almost 1.5 houses and the lady on the phone sighed and said very sarcastically `` yeah well we are busy ... wan na cancel ? '' i said absolutely and proceeded to ask if i was going to be refunded since i prepaid online . got another dramatic sigh and she said '' yeah sure '' . i kindly asked how much the final charge was and when i would see the refund and she said `` 5 days '' and hung up . extremely terrible service ! i will never order pizza from this location ... .maybe even dominos in general .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would leave this place zero stars if i could . i 'm so disappointed . i am in town overnight , and decided to order a pizza from this place . they let me know it would be about 1 hour 15 min ( they are 20 minutes away ) . since we were hungry and other places were closing , we agreed . fast forward almost two hours later , we call and are told the delivery person has n't even left the store ! even better , we were told the driver has 4 other orders that may be delivered before ours . wth ! mind you its now midnight and we have to leave the hotel super early am to catch a flight . i 'm so disappointed , i cancelled the order . i definitely would 've ordered from somewhere else had i known . smh major fail", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fuck this place . the pizza is not worth the time , we have ( mistakenly so ) ordered from them multiple times , and at least 3 of these , they took over double the time , one time they knocked at 3:30am , when we ordered at 12 . oh and they refuse to give a refund or explanation , just say that the tracker may have been wrong", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my absolute favourite place . i 've been going here nonstop for two years . the owner and the staff know me by name , and they 're the sweetest . will go above and beyond to accommodate your needs . i would literally show her pictures from instagram and she 'd get the same design . one time they gave me flip flops to take home so that i do n't mess up my pedicure ( i did n't have any of my own ) . love love love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing friendly service offering all kinds of drinks like tea , coffee , water and pop . they sterilize all their tools & have hot towel service too . great selection of colors and very reasonably priced . i wo n't go anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this my fav place of all times ! ladies are so sweet and lovable they will ask you if you need anything they will give you . one time they even feed me noodles because i was starving . very quick services and job well done . prices are very reasonable . good quality for low price . what can you ask more ? a1 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here because of all the good reviews and unfortunately ... i do n't see why there 's such high praise . i got shellac manicure and regular pedicure with nail art , and was n't too impressed . most places i 've been to , the shellac stays on for at least a month , i got chips the following week . no one asked me what type of nail art i wanted , so i ended up with 3 different designs , something boring on my toes and on my fingers something totally unrelated to what was done before . i can see it 's partially my fault for not speaking up ... but i 'm just not going to return to this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think i got unlucky and the owner of the place did my nails . i 'm saying this because to be fair , the other girls who work there seemed to be nice and more detailed . however , unfortunately the lady who i think is the owner did my nails - she was outright rude the whole time . i could take that if the job was well done ... she was totally rushing through it , hurt my finger quite a few times and kept repeating that no guarantees for the nail color since i had a darker skin tone ( duh , i get it ) . anyway i wo n't be going back but feel like might 've just gotten unlucky ... : ( update : shellac chipped on day4 . not cool ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "price is very good and the service is excellent . very small spa and bit stuffy but the service makes up for the ambience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the lady who works here is very sweet , she does an amazing job with my manicure and always goes above and beyond my expectations . the price is also pretty good compared to other salons . thumbs up go here for any of your nail treatments ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after much time spent reading about herbal detox programs for liver and colon , over and over , i found non-bias reviews rating this brand 's product colonix as the best . i am not a health-food nut or a pretend-hippie , but ... ..the testimonials on http : www.drnatura.com colonix_program.php ? oscsid=25bbca7d06ad7953ae2eb9d363af2cc7 are absolutely true ! i recommend this treatment for everyone regardless of your diet . it has by far been the best treatment of all i have tried after getting giardia in mexico . all the medical doctors and even university of washington medical center only wanted to pump me full of chemicals ... not herbal treatment . no joke , you will be shocked at the results from this company 's products ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if being healthier is one of your goals then doing one of dr natura 's cleanses should be at the top of your list . i can not even begin to explain how much better their colonix program will make you feel . even if nothing is wrong with you . it will clear your skin , make your stomach flatter , give you more energy , and make you feel healthier over all . the colonix program is so easy . it consists of vitamins first thing in the morning , followed by fiber , and a hot tea in the evening just before bed . it is amazing that so many people realize how important it is to clean the outside of your body but fail to realize the importance of cleaning the inside . especially with so many toxins in our air , food , and water . and with all of the chemicals we ingest through over the counter and prescription drugs . do yourself a favor and try this miraculous program . it is a small price to pay for your health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty awesome it 's just like blaze and pieology.. same concept build ur own pick one of ours ... it feels like `` the chipotle of pizza '' we love the build ur own pie just bc we are a family of 4 and myself and our youngest son are n't fans of red sauce so we usually do olive oil instead and cheese along with the usually meats and veggies . my fianc\u00e9 and oldest son are more traditional red sauce pepperoni they keep it simple . we also got the garlic strips ... they are ok it 's like peta bread with garlic and tons of rosemary .. nothing fancy.. we will be back to mod we love pizza and this place our family can get what they want and not throw a fit..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we thought the pizza was great and so thrilled i could get gluten free crust with all the toppings i want . also the decaf carmelized pear tea was wonderful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg . this place is amazing . great value and even better tasting . this will forever be my new pizza place . so happy we found this spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a new mod fan . the ingredients are fresh and the customer service is friendly and welcoming . i always build my own pizza and then add spinach and pesto after it comes out of the oven . delicious and great for take-out . the dining space is clean and comfortable . i highly recommend mod if you enjoy affordable and personalized pizzas . i will definitely be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love . this place reminds me of subway , but in away better pizza form ! the pizza is delicious and you can put as many toppings as you want with no additional charge . the seating is cool and place is very modern . the sodas in a bottle were really good as well.recommended for family people who are picky eaters or like different things .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so good ! i love how they have different sizes of pizza you can choose from and the topping selection looks very fresh . the employees are very friendly . i will most definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here with my best friend one night when we were hungry . you can either get a small pizza or a medium big one . you make it how you like or you choose one on the menu and you can alter it to your liking . this place was pretty cool . i think there is another place where you can do this . it 's called humble pie . but i have n't been yet . but i really enjoyed this . i got my own personal pizza with like 4 slices . i think i got like a ham one or something . it 's also thin crust . it 's a decent sized place too right near zupas . and as soon as you walk in you can feel the hipster vibe . and personally i love places like that . if you like pizza and you like a personalized one with thin crust and a size just for you , then check it out ! i 'll probably be back when i crave pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed , pizza was like cardboard . had to beg for enough cheese and sauce to cover pizza ... . salad was good . will not return ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great pizza , really fresh ingredients . make it the way i wanted it . the side salad was fresh and mixed very well . i had a little ranch on every bite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exactly what this area needed a top notch make it yourself pizza was just perfect with the soft crispy crust from the oven and great ingredients love this place and glad its here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far the execution is poor . ingredients not fresh . would you like some salt with your pizza ? do n't know what kind of mozzarella they serve but it 's not fresh and it 's very salty with a rubbery texture . crust is off too . long wait . warm , foamy beer on tap and not a fan of plastic utensils for a sit down restaurant . save those for takeout . last $ they will ever get from us . probably one of the worst pizza concepts ever conceived . marketing hype galore , but it means nothing if true food is n't good . oh , well , guess we 're driving back out to scottsdale , where the only decent restaurants outside of central phoenix .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the first time that i went , it was delicious flavorful and a delight to have based on what you want on your pizza . unfortunately , the second time around was not appealing . what makes matters worse is that the order was made online . i can understand if this was a phone order but it was n't . when i received the order and brought it home , all five of my orders were shuffled . a topping here a topping there similar to someone playing find the shell in a cup . to put the nail on the coffin , i called to speak to the manager and he stated what do you want me to do about it ? um how about reinbursement for a product that did n't satisfied me at all . all he did was take my name and said his manager will get back which is a long gone in the garbage . i will never do business with this place again . i could understand a pizza that was off but the service to resolve this did not meet my expectations at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was just ok . friendly staff and was fast but firedpie and pizza studio are better their crusts have more flavor . wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . just a suggestion ... honey and chili peppers . i tried it on a pizza and it was amazing i think it was called the angry bee . one of the best pizzas . if you guys offered this i would be insanely happy and would probably never order hungry howies or dominos . also another friendly tip.. the employees making the pizzas need to smile more and have more energy . i understand their job consist of lots of repetition and it can get stale but it could make this place go from good to great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by this gem tonight for take-out . why have we never been here ? ! the pizza was crispy , the sauce was flavorful and the toppings plentiful ! the staff were all very friendly , and welcomed us on our first visit . they walked us through how it all works and were very patient as i stood there oooh'ing and ahhhh'ing over all of the wonderful toppings . we both devoured our own pizzas and both agreed that we loved the pizzas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "employees are super friendly ! and the pizza is so yummy ! we come here often and they always are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is always great . the crew is super nice and helpful . the good is great to . i always enjoy seeing what seasonal mod they have . the `` bob '' was delicious . it 's great how they can come up with the strangest sounding , but best tasting flavors . great place with good employees ... . hard to beat", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the second time my daughter and i have been here . we had a gluten free buffalo chicken pizza and their house salad . i love that you can add anything on your salad without being charged extra , and they have quite the selection of pizza and salad items and dressings . the gluten free crust was delicious ! the manager today seemed a bit flustered . the front door was missing the glass , and the door frame was bent , i have a feeling they had been robbed over night , and being a holiday probably made it hard to get the glass fixed . it sucks because this is a new restaurant , and my favorite one in the area . keep up the good work . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so fast , so delicious ! think `` subway '' pizza style ! ! love building our own pizzas - everyone is happy , and prices are pretty good too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! ! ! my daughter and i stopped in last week for lunch and were pleasantly surprised that we could order a salad on top the asiago pizza crust , perfect ! ! ! the salad comes with whatever meat veggies you want . for me , all the veggies & spring mix lettuce with extra roasted garlic , pesto , kalamata olives & a bit of italian dressing . so awesome ! this combination was so yummy and the portion so large , i took the rest home for later . today i took my honey phillip to try it & he was as pleased as we were are . great place ! the gm , conrad , has got a good thing going here and has earned our future business and we will tell our friends & family to check them out . thanks for having a classy establishment with great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , quick , inexpensive , non-greasy wood fired pizza . you pick all your own toppings and sauce for no additional price , and they have $ 2 draft beers all day on tuesdays ! the manager , conrad west , and the entire staff were so helpful . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my dad went here this evening for dinner and were totally amazed . we both created our own pizzas and there was a wide assortment of toppings to choose from . there was also pizzas on the menu that you can choose from if you did n't want to create your own . we also ordered a side of the cinnamon sticks . they were so tasty and a great way to end our meal . everything was well priced . we paid about $ 20 for 2 pizzas , dessert , and drinks ! the staff was great and incredibly kind and courteous . not to mention the music they were playing was super awesome . we will be coming back and bringing friends and family ! ! thanks for a great experience mod ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time , ordered an 11 inch pizza . very good , fresh ingredients and fast service . the manager suggested a local beer that i really liked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've ordered from this place many times , but the last time was the first time we got delivery . sunday evening , right at dinner time , and we got our food incredibly quick . the wonton soup is amazing ... probably one of the best i 've had . it 's fairly reasonable too . the sweet and sour chicken is my girl 's favorite and the general tso 's is also one of our favorites . this last time i ordered we also got a small order off roast pork lo mein ( in case it was horrible ) . it was really good and i 'll be ordering a large next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ate here a coulpe of days ago and were quite satisfied . it is sparkeling clean with a very friendly attentive staff . we ordered : hot and souer soup which was just allright , some what lacking in taste . hunan chicken , very good and spicy as it should be . nice medly of chicken and vegetables . kung pow chicken , again spicy as it should be . a mixture of chicken and vegetables , a little heavy on the baby corn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm going to be perfectly honest . most of hot wok 's allure is that it is super close to me , and they deliver . the food is decent . i 've had much better , but then again , i 've also had much worst . the menu can be very hit or miss , so you just have to kind of take your chances with it . but the prices are reasonable , and the service is quick . the wonton soup and salt and pepper squid are two of my go-to dishes . if you 're in the area and want to give it a try ... well , will it a be spectacular culinary experience ? probably not . will you get an inexpensive , decent meal ? yeah , i think so .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered delivery , hot and sour soup , pork egg rolls , butter coconut chicken , and garlic chicken . the lady on the phone told me there was a $ 3 delivery charge and a $ 20 minimum for delivery , which i appreciate knowing right off the bat . the soup had a deep fried food kind of taste , but i still liked it . the egg rolls were awesome , and both entrees were really good too . i was quite impressed and ill definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't know what 's happened to this place , but i ordered kung pao chicken & pork last night ( delivered to my home ) , and it was horrible ! not one piece of chicken was in the dish , only deep fried breading ! totally inedible ! the pork was like deep fried shoe strings , also totally inedible ! i will never order from here again ! disgusting !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered food for delivery on 2 17 . husband and i started feeling sick on sunday 2 19 , began vommitting that night and this morning . called restaurant to talk to a manger , but he is `` on vacation '' so we spoke with a rep named `` maggie '' who told us that chinese food doesnt last longer than a day and its our fault for not finishing food by sat afternoon . i stated that this food should last longer than a day if it 's made fresh . maggie denied by statements by stating that the soup wouldnt last . i ate no soup , but that didnt stop her from denying that food was fresh and but still doesnt last more than a day . i told maggie i didnt want a refund , a credit , or a redo . i just wanted to let them know they are losing a good customer due to the poinsoning and that they are being reported to the health department . go elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if the bathrooms are gross ... i ca n't imagine what the kitchen looks like . did n't even eat here because the restrooms were so gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this hole in the wall type of place is reasonable in pricing n fresh food . their won ton soup is great . their lo mein is good too they even deliver . friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to hot wok tonight . this was really bad . no flavor at all . i added soy , and sweet and sour but nothing . spring rolls were even worse . they gave me with dinner wontons and all they were was stale crunch . i really do n't think they had anything in them and they were chewy not crunchy . skip , skip , skip is all i can say . i gave it one because the young man at the front was very nice and polite .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is actually a really nice hole in the wall chinese food restaurant . it actually has a vegan menu and they are willing to cater to vegan options . i had an orange tofu and it was great better than this place i go to in tempe ! great food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place through yelp because it was close by . man oh man was the food good ! i ordered the orange chicken with fried rice and egg drop soup . luckily we made it before the lunch service ended which was 3pm . my husband ordered mandarin chicken with the same sides as myself . everything was great . egg drop soup was excellent ! looks like people do take out more than dining in . great food , great prices and quick service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped for lunch . very good food . you can see into the kitchen . general tso chicken was done to perfection . very good sauce . pork fried rice similar to everywhere else . lunch special comes with can of pop or bottle of water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the waitress snezed while holding my order in her hand , then lied to me about it when i confronted her . also awhile ago i saw a huge cockroche run across the top of t he freezer they had up behind the counter . i give up on them no more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another stop on my search for the perfect sesame chicken . the woman at the counter was soooo friendly that i was really rooting for this to be the place even though it was a drive . unfortunately it was over breaded . also ordered orange chicken , which was ok . overall , was decent but not worth the drive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "average at best . better for take out than dine-in . the dining room is counter service only . drinks are limited to bottled water and soda in cans . the sauces were very pedestrian .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tiny little hole-in-the-wall place with nice people , good prices , consistent quality , tasty meals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst service i 've experienced ! the cashier practically screamed while attempting to take my order . while i waited for my meal , i overheard the cashier taking a phone order . she was yelling at the person on the phone ... as a couple was waiting to have their order taken . nevertheless , i did not finish my meal due to the taste and texture of the meat . i complained about the meal , and the cashier began to yell at me . i simply asked her to lower the tone and volume of her voice , and left the restaurant . i will never come back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried several different items on this menu on three different occasions and last night was the end of my relationship with this eatery . i kid you not , my daughter actually gagged on her piece of chicken and it was clear why . smelled really bad ( and we ate in ) and so heavily sauced with this thick goo and overfried and overpriced ... argh . i love food and it 's actually sort of hard to really make me despise eating out but , please , save your money and your gag reflex and do not eat here . i ca n't believe it 's still in business . where is the good chinese around here ? wah .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the first time ordering eating here and after a long day at work it is perfect . i ordered delivery . the food arrived quicker than promised and was actually hot . the driver was nice and so was the person that took my order . i 'm very impressed by the service and food . will definitely order again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update ... try this place a little over a year later and it still terrible . first off the waitstaff was absolutely horrible super rude act like they were doing you a favor by taking your order as we walked in very unfriendly . the mongolian beef was terrible barely any beef and barely any flavor mainly vegetables also the crab rangoon 's were terrible old greasy just absolutely terrible . o for two . definitely will not be back and will not recommend to anybody .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "better than panda ! usually when people post a review it 's to talk bad about a place . i just went threw registered with yelp just so i could say this this food is bomb ! the cream cheese puff ragoon what ever you call them are the very best i 've ever had ! the orange chicken and broccoli and beef were perfect . usually when i order the broccoli and beef it 's chewy and more broccoli than beef but not in this case it was beefy yummy goodness ! price was under 30 $ with tip and we had leftovers . the egg drop soup was perfect too and did not smell like funk like most places . i mean if you would take the time to review how awesome a places food is ... that 's how good this place is . it 's like an orgasim in your mouth : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just ordered this for delivery last night . so good . we ordered the pork dumplings , honey chicken , shredded chicken szechuan style and the moo shu pork . the moo shu pork was delicious ! we will order from here again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on lunch break , looking for an actual restaurant versus gut destroying fast food . found this place on yelp and decided to check it out . i was greeted and shown where sauces and utensils were since it was my first time here . the joint is clean and inviting , nice and lit . open spaces . i got the shrimp in garlic sauce and hot and sour soup . yummy ! all of it . totally coming back here again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my go-to if i want take out near-by ... not pew wei , not panda , this place . lunch specials are a good deal . i 've only ordered the boring american style dishes but it has all been freshly made , ready on time , as expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow wow wow if you are into new york style chinese food this is definitely the place for you dishes are fresh meats are juicy shrimp are juicy it 's basically it take out places they do have some tables it was quite delightful it was clean not much choice of sodas or iced tea but the food here is well worth coming prices are well worth it the amount of food on your plate is tremendous would highly recommend this place to those who crave new york style chinese", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first time coming here and it was n't the best . i would have gone somewhere else like panda express and got better food for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this hot wok experience was perhaps the worst i have ever had . the food was terrible and tasteless . they refused to refund me the $ 50 worth of food i had ordered . the manager lacked social grace and even cussed at me about the quality of food . i am very upset with this business in whole . i expected a nice family dinner and was embarrassed by the extent of customer service i received . i would like to have a conversation with the business owner , however i can not locate information for the owner of this business . i would not recommend this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the egg drop `` pudding '' was so nasty , the egg roll was un delicious ... the amazing chicken was not ... plus the people were not personable ! i can remember when service was the last thing you expected in a chinese restaurant . but , these restaurants have come a long way and for this place to carry themselves like they are the only operation in town or to behave like there food is actually good ... when the restaurant was empty during lunch time ... is embarrassing ... dont waste your time or money", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just remembered why i do n't order from here . food took over an hour to deliver - i live down the street but was hosting a small bday get together . they lied and tried to say their was traffic - i do n't even live a mile away ! ! customer service is always attitude . food is n't the best either ! ordered here twice . tonight was the last time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is barely above edible . and the service is awful . last month we placed an order for delivery & got quoted at 40 mins . after one hour had passed and we had n't received it yet we called and spoke with kate . she assured us that our food was coming they were `` just very busy . '' another 45 mins later , still no food . i called again and spoke with kate . i told her that i no longer wanted the food , that 1hour 45 mins for delivery is ridiculous for a place that is 6 miles from our house . she did n't even apologize and continued to just tell me they were `` very busy '' . she explained that the driver was already in route but our credit card would not be charged . she in fact , did charge my credit card . we will never be doing business with this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awsome food could 've easily been 5 stars but are very blunt and not so great with delivery service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the family meal is priced amazingly , the combo plates are a very nice bang for your buck , and the crab cream cheese rangoons are addicting ! ! ! my family and i have ordered a variety of take out for dinner , and we have also ordered in when we had company . the quality is fantastic and they will adjust your order if you just ask , or for a small upcharge , depending . they are always very friendly over the phone , and in person when i 've picked up my orders . delivery times are usually way quicker than quoted , but i do currently live close to the restaurant . the food is always piping hot and fresh no matter if i pick up or it 's delivered . hot wok is definately my go to place when i 'm craving great take out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hot wok and the good and bad bad- ca n't understand lady when you order good- the hot wings and fries are bomb", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was my first time dinning in . i have tried their food before , and it was n't so great . but today at dinning in , the lady who took our order was extremely rude , and would answer questions in an annoyed tone . like before , food was n't anything to go back for . defiantly not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been spent 2 years trying to find a good chinese restaurant in mesa , this place is the winner in my opinion ! super friendly person who took my order as well as a very friendly driver . food was delivered in less than a half hour , and was amazing ! i am extremely picky about chinese food so if i like it , that 's saying a lot ! i also really appreciated that their delivery minimum was only 10.00 . i hate when i have to order a bunch of food i do n't want to meet a pricy minimum . really really impressed with hot wok !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i called in to place a $ 60 order . we had a coupon for free ragoons and told them over the phone . they asked how we would pay and we stated debit . upon arrival and paying with debit they ripped open our bags , went through our bags , grabbed the ragoons and stated they were only for cash customers . they left our food a mess . my husband asked to see a manager . they stated no manger was available and threw our bags at us , landing on the floor in a $ 60 mess ! deplorable ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been looking for a good chinese restraint for lunch near work . this one fits the bill perfectly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading these reviews , we gave it a shot because we were craving chinese and did n't wan na go anywhere . we ended up getting one of the family meals ... for the price , tons of food ! and it was good stuff too . definitely gon na try out some other items next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! ! ! ! ! this wonderful child care facility is tucked away in the corner of the wal mart neighborhood market shopping center . the decor is very home-like & welcoming , country americana with dark wood furniture , plaid accents , and roosters . i want to hang out here ! very clean with no funky day-care smells either . the staff are extremely professional and friendly . super nice too , not a fake nice , but a genuine down to earth nice . plenty of easy parking . reasonable weekly tuition pricing . my child loves coming here ! i love coming here ! i just want to walk around hugging everyone for being so nice here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a parent from the school it was a sad disappointment in the skill level of the leaders in the school not having a early childhood background . it was completely evident that they owner chooses not to work with families . karen verlardi is a ruthless business woman that only wants your business does not work for the well-being of children .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best preschool and daycare center in the west valley my wife and i looked at every daycare preschool in the avondale tolleson goodyear buckeye litchfield park area when we moved here . primrose school stood out as the best option by far . we are fans of piaget-based learning and development programs . the time and stage of development is important , so it 's valuable if you can find a school that fulfills the character , educational , social , and physical needs of your kid . the velardi family and the staff they have put together teach to those goals and earnestly care for our daughter and her friends . over the past 18 months , we have seen very little turnover and both teachers and school staff communicate exceptionally well with parent . special events like the holiday show and parents night out are a nice touch . and we are very pleased with how our little girl is developing . we 've made some long-term friends . could n't recommend a preschool any more than i do primrose at palm valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we started sending our son to primrose right after he turned two and my husband and i both agree that it 's one of the best things we have ever done for him . he flourished immediately in the care of loving teachers armed with an excellent curriculum . if we had n't moved out of the area , we would have gladly kept him there . special shout-out to ms. ferrer . she was a truly fantastic teacher who nurtured our son and was instrumental in his growth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "primrose at palm valley is the best preschool in the west valley ! my two children have thrived within this school , thanks to the wonderful teachers . my children are treated as part of the primrose family . every time i see a teacher with my children , i can see the love that the teachers and my children have for each other . when i leave my children at primrose i know they are being taken care of , are loved , and are safe . this is my kid 's home away from home . everyday my children look forward to coming to school so they can play with their friends and see their teachers ! enrolling my children at primrose at palm valley , is the best decision i could have made for my children !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the staff , curriculum , and family events . i 'm glad we chose primrose !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have joined the primrose family approximately 4 months ago and could n't be happier . we have tried two different preschool facilites in the goodyear area and were extremely disappointed . primrose is by far the best ! the teachers are so friendly and my kids actually enjoy going to school . they have a lot of fun activities for the kids , learning stations for the preschoolers and extracurricular activities offered as well . we are going to our first event the school has organized outside of school and the kids are super excited . management is always visible and there to answer any question or concerns . i can not say enough great things about this school . they are workable with the schedule and dress code . super glad we found primrose ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our second day care and with two children attending this school , i feel we have made a good choice . our toddler is loved and is happy to see the staff each and every morning . as for my son , being a little older , we find him to be very independent and his class keeps him challenged and engaged . primrose has always listened to our needs and suggestions . over all , when asked where does your child go to school , we have no regrets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hello , my name is tracy and i am an addict ... . a shoe addict . my man is my dealer and i love him for it , although i am pretty sure he has ulterior motives . a pretty good winning steak brought us to the crystal 's mall and the cl location . service was a little slow at first , but once the saleswoman started bring out my sizes we were good to go . a pair of sexy pumps in the shopping bag and i was happy woman ... . and i am pretty sure my dealer was too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i am a regular customer , i was completely ignored by all four ( yes four ) of the sales people who were working or having a little conference at the register . my spouse and i were stunned that they completely ignored us , and let us walk out of the store - ? perhaps they did n't notice that we between the two of us were wearing over $ 100,000 worth of jewelry , or perhaps they were taken aback by the fact that we were a male couple , or one of us was a minority , or they 're just the worst possible sales people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service\u203c\u203c\u203c went in with my two gay male friends who were kinda loud saying we had been drinking ( so i know they knew we were there ) they even looked at us but did n't greet us ... .. i saw a pair of shoes i liked so picked them up and kept browsing waiting for someone to come get my size it never happened i just put it down and walked out walking past the sa and said thank you for helping us i appreciate it he just stared at me ... .. wo n't be returning ... ... . do n't judge that 's how you lose money i 'll stick to palazzo or keep going to my friends at saks and neiman sooooo much better service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my louboutins were the best birthday gift ever ! the staff was very nice and helpful . i would definitely come here again . the place should definitely have a higher rating . my husband and i had a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little cb boutique . super friendly and helpful staff ! we stayed at the aria so this shopping area was a close great escape from casinos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my california store did not have the cl i wanted in my size but they referred me to this store so i called and thalia was amazing , she walked me through the process of ordering from them and getting it shipped to me in cali.. followed all the steps n at the end of the day i had the tracking # to my order..so i 'm very please with the customer service at this location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had such a comfortable enjoyable shopping experience at the crystals cl store ! antonia was so patient with me , she made me feel comfortable buying two pairs of beautiful shoes ! ( i tried on at least 14 pairs of shoes ) go here over the forum location for better customer service and a friendly face !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was staying at the aria and went to just look around . i found a gorgeous pair of yellow christian louboutins ! the sa was super sweet and held them for me overnight . when i returned the next day to buy , she wrapped them up so nicely for my flight back home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the absolute worst experience . the customer service is terrible and they are not accommodating in any way . i would never buy from that location again . i have never been so disrespected . and ... we spent a lot of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super friendly staff , attended to us immediately with a warm welcome , extremely helpful and patient , antonia was the young lady that assisted me she was excellent and a pleasure to work with , totally embodies the louboutin brand and what you would expect from this high end boutique , antonia is an asset to the company thanks again ca n't wait to show off my red bottoms", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in hoping to buy a pair of shoes . i was the only customer in the store . the sa was behind the counter doing something . asked to see if they had a shoe in black and the sa responded by asking if i saw any on the shelf .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . after an awful experience with the louboutin store at the caesars forums , we headed over to this store , and the staff were ultra-helpful and friendly . the minute we walked in we were welcomed , they worked with us , brought over various sizes and models and gave us a few helpful tips and advice . we were out of the store with the new set of amazing shoes in half an hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very small boutique location , small purse and heel selection , friendly staff . ca n't go wrong with red bottoms !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there is something almost poetic about frothy a & w rootbeer in a frosted mug . the burger family here is n't to shoody either . i love this location , because they never balk when i ask for extra pickles on the side . i ca n't say the same for all a & w 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "harvey 's has always been my favourite fast food burger joint but i think a & w is a very strong contender . i 've seen a lot of a & w commercials on the health benefits of their meats like hormone free , pesticide free etc so weird to say , i actually felt healthy for eating a burger ! i had the teen burger because it was the only burger that comes with lettuce and tomatos . got ta have a balanced meal with veggies and a of course a side of fries . while the burger was very juicy and tender , it did n't have that charcoal taste like harvey 's that i like . i was also bummed that my fries were soggy . harvey 's is still my favourite but i think i will occasionally cheat on him with a & w .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was very skeptical of the food quality here , but one late evening they were the only thing open so i gave them a try . i was completely surprised . now the beef is n't ground in house , but everything is made to order and with a smile . i 've never had my food ( except fries ) waiting under a heat lamp . the buddy burgers ( double , with cheese and extra onions ) hit the spot and the fries were hot and crispy . no complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "patatine fritte alla perfezione , e come usa da queste parti , con la buccia ! l'hamburger era delizioso , io ho preso quello con il guacamole . ottima anche l'idea di servire da bere nei boccali di birra ghiacciati e di servire le patatine in dei cestini di metallo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice convenient location and hours and a friendly staff ca n't make up for mediocre fast food chain burger .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just love a & w burger in general , and today $ 3.50 teen burger was just another reason why i must one . the decor was homey and bright . i guess now all the stores have the self served pos machine to purchase your order . the poor staff was all by himself taking order and packing order as well for a rather long line up . i waited for almost ten minutes in line , but the staff was really courteous . so , i was ok with the wait . i guess this is not really fast food . the burger was really tasty with crunchy lettuce , and juicy burger and the burgers buns were amazing . not bad at all . i would have given this place one more star if the wait was shorter . i think they need to consider to hire one more staff to cover this shift .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used them & they got everything deleted off my credit report & my score went up 100 points . the staff is extremely friendly helpful & they bend over backwards for clients . they 're true professionals & i do highly recommend their services for credit repair . they are not magicians . you have to do your part meaning : send them info they ask you for , sign things that they ask you to sign , open a `` secure credit '' card on your own . most banks have them & they will give you referrals if you need info to get one . most ppl think you sign up & they take it from there . no . that would be impersonating you . they 're the experts & do the majority of the work . the client is responsible for responding to their requests .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we finally signed off on our closing papers last night and we are officially homeowners thanks to go clean credit ! after the first few months with dawn my score jumped up almost 100 points ! dawn and her team were hard working before we picked out out house and was rooting for me during loan approval process . what they do for people is truly life changing . i never thought i could get approved for a house with my credit . they made that possible . from day one dawn communicated what her team could do to help rebuild and restore my credit . she 's knowledgable with multiple states too since my husband is from texas . this is one of the proudest moments of my life and i 'm glad to say they were a part of that . i recommend their services to all my friends & family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took a chance and hired gcc i had heard horrible stories about these companies taking your money and not really doing anything when i started my score was 515 12 months later it 's 725 avg these guys are the real deal ! i now have the highest score i 've ever had in my life money well spent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go clean credit did what they said they would and then some ! ! they also got collections deleted i thought would never go away and saved me more than 10 x 's what they charge alone . i highly recommend them ! 580 to 680 fico ( low 700 's when i pay my cc 's down )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most experienced , honest , and friendly staff . justin took a look at my credit report and addressed my concerns , as well as some others i was not aware of . in my case , there was n't much they could do to improve my score , but i really appreciated the honesty up front , versus other credit repair companies that would have no problem making embellished promises and taking my money . if they can help you they will . i would recommend go clean credit to everybody . thanks justin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff and the owner are very professional and are willing to take the extra steps to clean up discrepancies and increase your scores . many of the people they deal with are unscrupulous and are dishonest . they return phone calls and e-mails promptly . they give straight forward advice and also give you a plan on your credit reports . continue what you do and much success in helping the many people that are trying to better their financial status .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just want to thank susan and dawn for helping me out . i was getting denied for everything i applied for because of a foreclosure that was being reported wrong . a customer suggested i go to them and i am so glad i did . after 4 years of deny , deny , deny i am finally on track to having my old credit back . i thought i was going to be paying thousands and thousands of dollars but they were completely affordable and worth every penny , in fact i really feel like i should 've paid more . i just told susan thank you for doing so much for me , for such a little amount . do yourself a favor and go see susan and dawn today to get your life back on track like i did . i promise you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my wife and i lost our business in 2010 , we found ourselves drowning in personal and business debt and due to some unique circumstances , we were unable to file bankruptcy . dawn and her team have done an exceptional job of removing derogatory information and getting us on track to restoring our previous credit status . the team at go clean credit was always available to answer questions and provide useful insight through an extremely challenging time in our lives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just svendsen did an amazing job helping me repair my credit ! i truly believe in this program and anyone looking to save lots of money by having better credit should go to go clean credit and ask for justin . this is one of the best decisions i 've made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely excellent service from justin and go clean credit . they are very forthright , honest , and under promise and over deliver . i 've already recommended them to several people we know . if you need help cleaning up credit issues , definitely give them a call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have worked with go clean credit and had a great experience , the staff are professional , competent and cordial . when i had a problem with my credit , go clean credit worked on it tirelessly and in an efficient manner , they clean up almost all of my disputes and restored my high score back again , i am so delighted that i found them . thank you go clean credit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "because of go clean credit i was able to purchase my home ! ! even had many irs liens on my report . and several were removed ! ! i highly recommend them ! and will continue working with keep raising my score ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service related to coordinating delivery . the sales process is really smooth , but it goes downhill after that . after waiting more than 4 weeks for a delivery despite misinformation , they scheduled a delivery for our business at a time that just did n't work . they accused us of never having informed them of being a business - because the name of the business did n't give it away , the request for invoicing to the company was n't explicit enough ? i 'm not really sure . instead of taking ownership of the issue , or moving past it , all we got was attitude from the logistics company and from cas themselves . it was just a poor experience overall which i would n't want anyone to experience . in essence , if something goes wrong , then you see the true nature of how they operate their business . it 's a bit of a nightmare . just not worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience . george was professional and knowledgeable , i bought a cook top stove that did not fit . when i tried to exchange it . the company wanted to charge me a 25 % restocking fee . george helped me resolve the issue . if you are looking for appliances . ask for george . he also gave me a pretty good deal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "how cool is that ! a theater you can rent ! release your inner micky rooney judy garland and `` put on a show ! '' looks great from the outside , but it was closed when i stopped by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the grey box theatre hosted the wonderful acrocats troupe . yes , it was a great show . i have seen them a few times . it was a very hot day outside . when i learned later that the theatre did not allow all the rest of the troupe inside ( backstage , in their carriers ) when the generator in their bus stopped working , i was appalled . basically , they were out of luck . not nice at all . fortunately , the cats did survive this ordeal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful theater ! great actors ! you can see the stage fromm anywhere you sit ... .loved it . will go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i experienced the grey box theater as a venue for the dress for success fundraiser . it is a fun space in lawrenceville that can be rented to host special events , parties , fundraisers , concerts , etc . it was a neat space that can easily be used for a variety of things ( as is evidenced by the fact that it apparently previously hosted a cat circus ... ) . even though it is a `` theater '' there is no stage which makes it a versatile space . we were able to set up seating for a panel discussion and guests along with cocktail tables . there was also a great deal of lighting options which can really add ambiance to your event . they also allow you to bring your own food and drinks which is a plus since a lot of venues lock you in to a certain caterer or do n't allow outside items . the down side is that if the event is during the day , you need to find on street parking which can be a challenge in lawrenceville . overall a great space for a smaller special event .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "erica was incredibly helpful , could decipher all my questions and helped come up with multiple options for a gift for my fianc\u00e9 . i wish i had more money to spend . the condition of the vintage pieces were fantastic and the new , american made lingerie , all had its own sense of style .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love this place ! marissa is seriously knowledgeable about her brands and has a fantastic collection of vintage and new pieces ... and lots of little extras to compliment and create a really fun vibe . ... and yes , guys , there 's fun stuff for you here too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so much more than what 's on their website . beautiful vintage collection . just such a wonderful experience , i ca n't say enough . i will surely be a repeat customer . usa made and eco friendly ... win , win , win .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is a long time coming . while visiting pittsburgh from san francisco in june 2016 , i stopped in to calligramme with the thought of grabbing my girlfriend a gift . i felt welcomed the moment i entered . marissa could not have been nicer and more helpful pointing me in the right direction . her products are really nice and of superior quality , and the fact that everything was made in the usa was a real plus . her shop is a real gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually a great place but this trip they would not except a 50 dollar bill because the worker said the manager would get pissed if she made 20 dollars in change ? paid debit to get food then took 20 minutes to get food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sucks . bad parking lot . hard to get in and out . no parking . rude staff . long waits . crazy bread is unseasoned and no butter . the one on recker rd and brown is better", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just stopped in to get some breadsticks , but could n't even order . two or three people in the back . i did n't get a greeting or a `` just one minute '' after about 5 minutes i walked out . unbelievable service , never going there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a cheap pizza that tastes good with zero wait time ... ca n't beat this place . i ca n't believe people still buy frozen pizzas with there hot n ready price where it 's at . pizza pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a $ 5 pizza is n't anything special but it 's reliable . always the same , cheap , and fast . ordered for afternoon pick up and everything ran smooth and the pick up was fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die fr\u00f6hlichste post im land ! die postfiliale in feuerbach hat die fr\u00f6hlichsten angestellten die ich kenne . man ist dort immer freundlich und hat humor . die mitarbeiter haben spa\u00df an der arbeit und verstehen sich gut , das merkt man . sch\u00f6n , dass man sich dort wohl f\u00fchlt , denn man muss mit einiger wartezeit rechnen - die post ist immer voll ; ) ich muss aber auch gestehen , lieber einen umweg zunehmen , um in diese post zu gehen anstatt zur n\u00e4chstgelegenen . hier machts einfach mehr spa\u00df !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kann ich nur best\u00e4tigen ! super nette postler ! habe mal an einem geburtstag von mir ein p\u00e4ckchen abgeholt und mu\u00dfte meinen perso vorlegen , da hat mir der nette postler doch glatt gratuliert . mit einem wort sehr aufmerksames personal und immer freundlich und nett , egal wie voll der laden ist . ich freue mich immer auf einen besuch in unserer post den danach geht es einem gleich viel besser . weiter so , und allen gesch\u00e4ftsleute die diesen beitrag lesen , kann ich nur empfehlen , nehmen sie sich ein beispiel . viele gr\u00fc\u00dfe und bis bald in der post in feuerbach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich kann mich meinen vorrednern nur anschlie\u00dfen : eine wirklich gute postfiliale ! kein vergleich zu den umliegenden katastrophen ! da fahre ich auch gern ein paar kilometer mit der bahn und gehe zu fu\u00df ( leider mit dem auto auch ziemlich schlecht zu erreichen , wie so manche postfiliale ) ! hier scheint das betriebsklima sehr gut zu sein und das sp\u00fcrt auch der kunde . es geht ruck-zuck , auch wenn die schlangen mal l\u00e4nger sind . und trotz all dem stress f\u00fcr die postler gibt 's oft auch ein pers\u00f6nliches wort ( angesichts des riesigen kugelbauches z.b . : na , wissen sie schon , was es wird ? ) hier ist man nicht bittsteller sondern mensch . vielen dank !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best flamed chicken ever ... i wish nando 's had locations in downtown or west toronto", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered chicken quarter with peri fries and pita with red dip . chicken was very flavorful but still fairly greasy . peri fries were way too salty . and the pita and dip were sub par . just one dry 4-5 inch pita and a sweet tasting dip . in my opinion it was too expensive for the quality . also the takeout was just in a bag , not in boxes . biscuits with chicken would have been nice . i would go back for the chicken only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the nando 's at this location is now closed , replaced by another chicken place called roosters . the menu selection and flavours are almost identical to the old nando 's and the quality is still quite good though i miss the friendly owners from the old place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we had our wedding there in may . we had 170 people for an outdoor wedding and reception to follow . christina n did not have the place ready to serve dinner at the appropriate time . people were still being served past 9 pm . because dinner ran soooo late toasts and events began before people were through the dinner line . the line for dinner was 25 yards long . then they ran out of steak b f everyone was served . because dinner took so long our reception went past the expected end time . therefore , all the vendors we hired required more money to stay longer . also the dj ( provided by lv country club ) did not play the songs we requested ... he just played what he wanted to play ( which was ok ) . the venue itself is very beautiful . it has a lot of history . the outdoor patio was a great place for the reception . i just wish the staff could have delivered on there service and been more organized .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a place where old elephants go to die . an equity membership goes on forever ! if you die , your spouse and children will be responsible for paying the dues each month . the only way out is to pay someone to take your membership . there is no transparency to anything that goes on . a bunch of crooks who sucker you in by offering an equity membership at no cost . once you are an equity member , you can never get out . if you are late with a payment , they tack on interest and penalties and if you are a month late , they suspend your membership but keep compounding your dues . then , they charge a fee to reinstate your membership . if you do n't ever receive the `` membership certificate '' that they claim they sent , you have to pay another fee and file a `` lost certificate fee '' . and last , but not least , the clubhouse smells like a geriatric ward .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely stunning . i was able to go to an event here to mix and mingle with hospitality industry leaders . the food , although i 'm not sure if it was catering from this place or not , was very delicious . there was hand made pizza 's made in a cute portable brick oven . it almost looked like a mini igloo . the view of the golf course was also beautiful ! it was relaxing to look at the green grass , ponds , and bridges . this is a perfect place to hold these types of meetings and also for weddings ! luckily , we were here when there was nice weather . it was neither hot nor too cold during the night , so we definitely lucked out . it 's not everyday i get to go to gorgeous places like this . i hope that i get to go again next year , so that i will be able to see this same scenery the second time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a classic . completely reminds me of old vegas and my stepdad , who was a mover and shaker many moons ago . the kind of guy who wore a suit to gamble ; classy . anyway ... . i have attend numerous lunches at the las vegas country club over the past year . the food is always good and the servers are fantastic . i love their creme brulee in little cupcake-type cups . yum ! i also planned a lunch there in 2012 . the staff was organized and professional . the participants who attended thought the food was excellent and enjoyed the ambiance . i hope places like this do n't go away as las vegas consistently seeks the newest and best places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this golf course is so nice ! you can tell the manager cares about his members and really makes sure your needs are met ! looking forward to more events here and i 'll be telling all my friends about this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "played here with a couple friends on february 2 . weather was beautiful , about 70 and sunny , and no wind . perfect golfing conditions , should be able to shoot a low score . haha ... not with my game . i took 3 triples and a quadruple bogey . golf course is in excellent condition . greens were true , not overly fast maybe 10.5 on the stimpmeter . bunkers are pure . overall tees , fairways and roughs were excellent . one of the best maintained courses in las vegas . there 's only a snack bar on tee # 3 and green # 14 , both par 3 's . this can create a little backlog of play at those holes . it is a private course , so no public play allowed . they might have a deal with the old hilton new westwood casino but you 'd have to check with your concierge . old style golf course , not a desert course with native and rock along side the holes . enjoy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got married on june 20 , 2015 and had my reception at the country club . christina was my catering coordinator for the event . not only was the venue spectacular , the service from the staff was excellent ! christina was amazing and surpassed my expectations ! she helped me get in contact with most of the vendors i needed for the event such as the dj , photo booth , seating chart designer and wedding designer for linens and flowers . there was not a single guest that was unhappy and everyone was blown away with the arrangements and decor ! to top it all off everything was reasonably priced . christina also helped me with some last minute decorations and seating arrangements . we definitely got what we paid for and more ! looking forward to our anniversary party to be there ! thanks again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a bad chicken dinner for a business event . up-charge on cocktails is reasonable for non-members . excellent grounds . nice old school style .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my brother and his wife got married at the country club on 08 08 2015 . the ceremony and reception at the las vegas country club was beautiful . the staff was great and helpful with preparations and during the reception . all the guests had a great time celebrating the newly weds and eating the delicious food . thank you for making their wedding day perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is chock full of a ton of vegas history ... if you go make sure to check out the photo walls near the restroom ! also the cheese cracker bread is pretty awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very cool historic building and beautifully manicured land . you feel a little like you have stepped back in time . they have managed to maintained the integrity of the original design aesthetic . which in a city like las vegas , where we 're eager to tear-down , implode , remodel , or makeover anything older than 10 years , is quite impressive . the food served at our luncheon was just ok , and from what everyone else was saying , that seems to be the norm there . it 's always their one hesitation to booking events at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a guest of a member several times . the atmosphere is wonderful . you ca n't beat the view of the golf course . their menu is wonderful , the food is always great . and the service is incredible . if you get invited please go . you will enjoy your meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about this venue is perfect for a wedding . the setting was gorgeous , food was delicious and most importantly you have shelley and christina to be there every step of the way to make your day as perfect as can be . i had the best experience with lvcc and a lot of it had to do with the people who work there . they are kind , accommodating and very easy to work with . i 'm so happy that we chose to have our wedding there and we received a ton of compliments from our guests as well : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful venue , which seems to be miles away from the the strip and yet it 's actually very close . nothing like sitting here with a martini , a steak , and some nice company . it 's no more expensive than what you would pay for a nice meal on the strip , but you dont have to deal with the crowds , the tourists and the paid parking . come here for a special occasion and splash out a bit to have a really memorable meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old school with some new flavor . the taste of decor in this place is updated with a classic feel . i only saw the front dining room but i was well impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we do our meetings here roughly twice a month . the staff is very courteous , the rooms are very comfortable , and the food is excellent . if they would just get some green salsa i 'd figure out a way to give them 6 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful layout ! came here for an award ceremony and service was great . everyone was so attentive and food was delicious . i will consider getting a membership here just so i could use the social club . there is a lot of grass and natural scenery . it 's like being in a totally different world than the busy las vegas strip . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "christina was the best coordinator ever . she helped us plan an absolutely beautiful wedding . jesus , the head server was also a total rock star . he made all of our guests feel so important and welcome , and i was never without champagne ! i ca n't reccommend lvcc enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "use to come here during tennis season in-between games . a little pricey but the food is great especially the salad !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the moment you wheel your high five figure to high six figure vehicle through the storied gates of the lvcc you know you have arrived at something special , and something that the 5 % can enjoy , the 1 % are too busy on their jets , and in their sf manhattan hong kong penthouses to care about little old las vegas ... gracious staff take care of all of your country clubbing needs ... if you need a cigar they bring you a cigar . if you need steak au poivre it is prepared just how your grandmother made it . if you need assistance with day care they will provide it . if you need to swim , play tennis , work out or just sit back and admire the rolling green lawns of wealth and privilege welcome to the lvcc . to say that membership is reasonable would be correct considering other country clubs in town ... however none have the history of the lvcc ... this is where you rub elbows with the old time men and women who built this town . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my car here for oil changes for two years . mike is alway 's very friendly and i have never had a problem with the service . the waiting area is alway 's clean . you do have to make an appointment two weeks out for the oil change , but that works great with the schedule that i keep . i dislike walking in somewhere and having to wait i.e . discount tire .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience ever . liars . i told them over the phone exactly what i needed and what had happened . then i get some bs after i had been towed there and the tow truck left i get told that they could n't perform the requested service and we got into a heated debate and i said this is why you guys get a bad rap i the auto industry and look like shit to the world '' i was told leave and we are n't working on your car . i treated badly , i was lied to and they immediately went cutthroat to get a far more expensive work repair done . without ever even looking at my vehicle . this place sucks , con artists and liars . do n't make a mistake of going here . there are far better shops than these idiots . i want a -5 star rating these guys suck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i received a coupon in my email for an oil change which was quite a bit less than where i had been taking my car . i made an appointment about 2 weeks out for both my husband and myself ( it was far out because i needed a saturday ) . they took our vehicles right away and we were both driving away in an hour . an added benefit is a strip mall nearby with a starbucks , gelato spot and a few other stores to help the time go by quickly . i will definitely come back next time i need an oil change .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are wonderful . they provide quality service far prices and provide a courtesy ride..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using this facility since they opened . i have always received excellent customer service and timely repairs . they have never hesitated to go out of their way to ensure a pleasant experience and excellent work . their office staff , mechanics , and manager have always been professional courteous and give an excellent service . i would recommend the shop to anybody that needs auto repairs . i have an older car a 1998 saturn and they have never had any trouble working on and repairing my old car . their prices are reasonable and fair for the work they do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am most pleased with this facility . the oil was changed in a timely manner as they said it would be . the last time i went to dealership , price was twice as much i did not get inspection report and the next day battery was dead . also , i had appointment and it was 3 hours before i could leave , which is ridiculous . aaa had me out in 1 hour ! ! this facility goes out of their way to please . i plan on using them from now on . thank you for helping me the day before when bumper had come lose . marsha s ,", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i been going to aaa for about 3 years now ... i have an older yukon and everyone at aaa including mike have alway been extremely helpful and professional . honest , trustworthy and great mechanics are great a few words which help describe aaa on 40th st and greenway . i would highly recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think that you can find better service anywhere , and they stand behind their work . parts that are under their warranty that happen to fail are replaced without question . david and mike are great to deal with , and any interaction i 've had with any of the technicians has been great . what more could you possibly ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to have my car towed here last week and discovered i needed a new radiator and thermostat . they were knowledgeable , courteous and quoted fair price as well as estimate on completion time . shuttle service was wonderful..i even got a ride to pick up my dog in daycare , which was a little out of the way for the driver ! ! great service , highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car broke down i have aaa so they towed me here , after 4 hours of waiting mike quoted $ 750 for an alternator because it was hard to get to on my 09 nissan maxima . maybe if they were installing one made of gold . feels like they think i did n't have much choice since i was towed to this place . so after i paid $ 50 and waited 4 hours for them to plug it in to the computer and read the diagnostic to me i 'm having it towed somewhere else . this place is a ripoff do n't waste your time going here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "david and mike at the shop are excellent and take care of both mine and my husband 's cars . they consistently provide speedy service and the technicians are skilled at solving problems and keeping the cars running at peak performance . i value the aaa shop because the prices are listed on the wall and i know that they are n't taking advantage of me or my husband . i would highly recommend this location to anyone looking for anything from routine oil changes to complex repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very fair , honest and knowledgeable ! mike provided excellent service and advice . i believe we have found a new place for all our auto repair needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using aaa az auto repair for a few years and i am never disappointed in the service and technical experience of the crew . they are efficient and communicate any potential concerns when working on my vehicles . i am confident all the work is diligently done and completed in a professional manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my car serviced at aaa repair on 40th st. greenway on wednesday this week . i had never been to that facility , and what a great experience . the service advisor was was very nice and efficient , the technician working on my car was prompt and courteous , and even discovered a problem i did not even know i had . thank you aaa ! this now becomes my new home for auto service in the future . susan , paradise valley , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took the trailblazer in for them to look at a belt that they had tightened once before . we had no appointment but they took the car and fitted it in . not only readjusted the belt but found why it had a problem again ( not their fault ) and did it all at no charge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife took her p.t . cruiser in to have her brakes checked as they started making a noise . they called and told us it would be $ 960.00 to put new brakes on . well we can not afford to pay that much , so i started going over the estimate with them ... outrageous ... they had parts listed that we did not need ... had them marked up double their cost and just out and out lying about what we needed to fix the car . we had a good friend do the job and he bought the required parts needed for $ 92.00 and we paid him a couple hundred bucks for 4 hours work . ripp - offf ! ! ! at aaa service ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "aaa auto repair paradise valley offers the most pleasant car repair experience ever ! they always have reasonable prices . they do n't recommend fixing anything that is n't really necessary , which has been my experience at other repair shops . i truly enjoy getting my auto repairs and maintenance done here . service advisor , mike , is friendly and knowledgeable . i will keep going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although it took 2 days longer than expected to do the repairs , david explained to us they wanted to find out exactly what was wrong with the car . they did extra research and located the multiple problems with the car . the whole time he kept me updated with phone calls and detailed information . i would recommend this company .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this location twice so far . i really appreciate their professionalism . they are very helpful and the wait is very little . i get appointments and it is rather on time . not like at the doctor 's office . i appreciate their shuttle service . i strongly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second visit to aaa auto repair and i was very pleased ... .. again . very professional , estimated the repair time and they were right on spot . i was concerned about my brakes but they said that i still had 50 % life on them . also changed one of my tires . definitely feel good about going there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was very good . only in for an oil change . however , the aaa online reservation system did not work . i showed up for my appointment , but the location had no record of my online appointment . they accommodated me and i was able to pick up my suv when i needed it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heather at ferg foto is a very creative photographer that i 've had to pleasure to collaborate with when i was in arizona . her 'camera eye ' is always in overdrive and comes up with interesting ideas to make the settings as fresh and interesting as possible . if you need a photographer , do yourself a favor and call heather at ferg foto and you wo n't be disappointed . i give her my highest recommendation and was very happy with the work she provided for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather knows how to truly capture one 's essence with her photography . she has a good eye and is very talented . keep the creativity flowing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we did a family shoot with heather and she was great to work with . we did a lap around the park shooting in various spots , she took her time , was fun to work with and even made my 13 year old smile . we will be calling on her from now on as long as she 's taking pictures . one of the best outdoor sessions we 've had in a long time . highly , highly recommended . i really wish i would have known about her work for my son 's senior photo 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only does heather take phenomenal photos , but she is a great person that cares for her customer and their needs by getting the best shots ! she is very personable and professional which makes you feel comfortable in front of the camera . would definitely use her for model shots again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ferg foto is awesome ! heather will make you feel extremely comfortable no matter your background in modeling . her photo shoots are fun and she is very professional ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather is an amazing photographer ! she really helps you feel comfortable in front of the camera by joking around and getting stoked when she really likes how a photo turned out . she has a very creative eye and does a great job figuring out how you want the shoot to look . i had the pleasure of having a few sessions with her including graduation portraits in her studio , action shots ( walking and longboarding ) , as well as landscape shots with me in the foreground . she also has a large arsenal of awesome locations to shoot . i highly recommend her for her skills as well as the price ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather has such an artistic mindset . her photos are simply fantastic . she is an extremely talented photographer . she makes customers feel very comfortable in front of the camera and she ensures the best possible photos . check her out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heather 's photography is great ! for personal shots , such as senior photos or a modeling portfolio , she will make you feel very confident and comfortable . her family portraits are also beautiful ; she can really capture the perfect moment . i have had quite a few sessions with heather and my photos always turn out even better than i could 've imagined . if you 're looking for an affordable photographer , look no further !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great asset to the hydroponics community in chandler . great knowledge and have access to beneficial bugs to keep my garden organic . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was trying to grow some tomatoes from seed and had problems with the soil i got from home depot so i came to this store to get better soil but always was driven to buy something i did n't need or something that was just a replacement for what i was looking for but it never worked the way it was supposed to the staff here convinced me to go hydro but did n't really prepare me for the problems you get from hydro . i 'm done trying to work with them . growing my russian heirlooms should not be that complicated if they would have just given me what i wanted from the beginning . homegrown hydroponics in tempe had much better inventory and now i even have the soil that i was looking for to begin with . the hydro setup i have will hopefully just make them grow fast but special solution was required to prevent pathogens . i had to get that from the tempe store . wasted a few months and a bunch of money on equipment and soil i should n't have needed , therefore i ca n't recommend them to anyone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had some problem with white fly and root aphids but these guys pointed me in the right direction . from start to finish these guys have helped us with all our garden questions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by this shop last week to get a germination tray . the guy that helped me actually took time to answer all of my questions and seemed generally interested in my grow experience . after spending only 8 $ i have since called with questions and i 'm treated like the customer of the month . i mean these guys are helping me with products and answering questions about stuff i did n't even buy from them . who does that ? i thought customer service was lost in the world but i have renewed faith . i will recommend these guys to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very cute , little family park in the southern highlands area ! it is in a very safe neighborhood , so you do n't have to worry about trouble ... ! this park is kept very well maintained , and they have areas for your children to play , as well as a playground for them to play at ( or for yourself , should your inner child choose to come out and play ) . not sure where you could park , as there are no parking stalls , but i 'm sure you could find somewhere on the street ! this park would be perfect for holding birthday parties , or any kind of family activity ! or for yourself just to chill , and enjoy the night ! = )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this park is one of my favorites in southern highlands . it is extremely quiet , secluded , and beautifully maintained . they have a great variety of things to do . they also have an outdoor movie show in the summer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live within walking distance of this park and go there with our 2 year old . it 's got a really nice play ground but is definitely geared to older kids . there 's lots of places to fall off and so i spend the entire time with my hands in the air , ready to catch my daughter mid flight . there 's a small field where we often see kids soccer classes going on . on the downside , on a few afternoons there 's been a group of annoying but harmless preteens hanging out , slinging cuss words at each other to seem cool . i do n't think there 's a parking lot , but across the street ( there 's a crosswalk ) is a small shopping strip where i 'm sure people park . there 's also a capriotti 's sandwich shop , a pizza place and a coffee shop ( that also has a drive through and food ) for a snack after play .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice small playground for the older kiddos . however , it is certainly not tailored for the littler ones . not even a baby swing seat on the swing set ! it has a large nice open grassy area though for running around . parking is across the street next to terrible 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible staff and customer service . manager is clueless ! contacted corp for assistance . waiting for feedback .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not happy about my recent experience st this location . my daughter had an eye appointment on wednesday . we went to the desk and spoke with a gentleman who did n't know what he was doing or trying to scam me . the glasses with insurance he said for single vision would cone out to 200.00 . he kept saying you need this & that on them , if you do n't get thin lenses it 's embarrassing . a whole bunch of nonsense . i finally said i will think about it . i left & i got the same glasses with what i wanted for under $ 80.00 . i 'm glad i waited & went to nationwide vision on 81st & bell rd", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to this nationwide location a couple times and each time i go , the employees are just plain rude , it feels like they 're annoyed of being there . i asked a question about my insurance telling them that i was on this certain plan and if it made a difference and the front office girl with glasses and dark curly hair just rolled her eyes and said `` you should of told me that when you called '' with attitude . anyways , i 'm not sure if it 's a nationwide policy for the employees to be rude with patients because i 've been to a couple more locations and the customer service is pretty much the same .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we go once a year for the children eye exam . was treated very kindly by all whom worked with us ; from the appointment scheduler , to checking in , filling out paper work and making copies , from the person whom escorted them to the back for their eye exam , to the doctor who did the eye exam and last but not least the young lady that help us pick out the eyeglasses that they will be wearing a whole year . she was a great help ! just a side note , we had our appointment on friday and 5 days later their glasses were already in ! fantastic , no complaints here . mind you i took in three children for glasses . thank you nationwide for your service to our communities .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the eye exam was very thorough , very good optometrist . we went on senior day and it was only $ 38 for a full exam . the prices for glasses and their frames were reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will start off saying that the over the phone staff personal was extremely nice ! scheduled the appointment efficiently . when you walk in the front desk girl were pleasant . but when you get to the back before the doctor `` miss sunshine '' was quit , cold and just flowing threw the motions . nothing that was being done was explained , just next machine , next machine . then when it came to my eyes being dilated i was n't even asked if i wanted it . then when i said no i was handed a piece of paper to sign that i 've declined . dr. baron however was very pleasant , and very informative .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always have done good eye exams on my eyes . can only come to this location for my insurance to cover the diabetic eye exam , have been pleased for years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is awesome , our wait time is never long , the eye doctor has a good personality around the kids , the staff has been wonderful and very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. podrat is the best dentist i have ever been too - and i am not a fan of dentists believe me ! she is very gentle with the needle and all the associated dental work . the staff are very friendly and accommodating . our whole family now sees dr. podrat . if you 're looking for a pain free , pleasant experience you have found the right dentist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about doctor podrat . she saved me ! i was n't a patient but was experiencing real pain and my dentist was , on vacation . she took me in after hours on a friday . she realized that i needed an emergency root canal and made that happen . with our vacation starting the next day she was , a real life saver . she also offers a variety of services including invisiline , whitening services , and much more . i love my new dentist ! do yourself a favor and give her a try . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. podrat rocks ! she is the most wonderful , talented , and lovely dentist i have ever visited . i 'm so glad that i found her ! she filled a gap in my front tooth and also placed three crowns in my mouth . her staff whitened my teeth beautifully . i 'm recommending her to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tip : -food is n't bad but the service is beyond horrible i went there a few weeks back had to literally beg the waitresses to serve us !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tuesday night , restaurant is empty as you can see from my photo , and the service was as slow as molasses . we had to go get our server to order . unfortunate really . now to start on the menu ! oh dear . 200 options for wings but no explanations for the random named flavours lol . so if 200 flavours were not daunting enough add no real way to decide what to order other than trying to rely on your server to know what you do and do not like . insert frustration lol . we had a few hiccups with our orders but the manager was awesome and he took them off our bill no questions asked and made sure to come over and check if we needed anything else . my friends chicken came raw and my salad was half wilted i will give his place another shot . hopefully i 'll be able to update my review with a better experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's such a hassle to park underground and find which doors are open to get back into the parking lot ! i had a horrible experience here recently ! it took almost half an hour for my drink ( if i didnt ask for it 3x ) to be served and another 15 minutes for my wings to come out ! on top of that it was difficult to catch the servers attention because she 's chit chatting away with other customers and coworkers about her 'weight loss plan ' . girl no one gives a f ... it took so long to grab her attention so that i could pay for my bill and gtfo . their saucy wings are just swimming in the sauce . very unappetizing . their dry wings are n't even crunchy at all , it 's soggy and very oily . the cooking temp should be adjusted and the meat to sauce ratio should be reviewed . not coming here again . worst place ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food was good quite the abundance of fries and wings wings were delicious and big : ) service not the greatest and not the nicest staff either", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really nice place and great atmosphere ! right across the street from where i live so also convenient . nice patio setup . will be there again for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service here is terrible . its a hit and miss depends when you go . food is average & prices are meh . people just go to to watch sports and for drinks . food takes forever as well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was n't particularly impressed . lots of flat screen tvs so good for sports watching . i had the nathan 's hot-dog . the dog was actually tasty but not a fan of the fries here . the desert was okay but overall this is a better place to chill at night . it seems to have a good bar selection and did i mention lots of tvs ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for a relaxed evening ... our server trita was very polite and generous ... we had a good experience along with a good blue jays game .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there for the first time to try it out and it was a nice welcoming and i ordered wings and chill fries and i ask for mild fave when i got home they for got everything like it was honey fave and they do n't put the dip sauce and vegetables the chill fries with too much meat and less fries , why ! ! so i will not be going there any more . 2 10", "score": "1"}
{"review": "1 star because there is no option to give less . you have to pay for parking . they say they validate parking on the front sign but do n't tell you they only validate after 5pm . so you park underground , you sit down only to have to go back to pay for your parking . after finally getting a menu , and drinks , their soft drinks were flat . no apology . nothing . we then asked to order a few different things , they did n't have two of the items that their menu listed . service is horrible , food is mediocre at best . save your time and your money , go literally anywhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came for post-work beers . it was saturday fight night . hostess led my co-worker and i to a table in the corner of the restaurant facing a wall.. with no t.v . um ... ... . ok ? we asked to be moved , and she led us to the bar where there were 2 seats . ordered a few pints , no food tho . the blue moon on tap tasted old , not bubbly . i doubt they clean their taps regularly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is completely average . the wings are pretty good . but wow , ordering them is confusing as hell . there are over 200 flavours and a lot of them have `` fun '' names that offer no clue to what they are . there are n't even little descriptions below . so it 's just a list of words that mean nothing . what is does a `` kelly man '' wing taste like ? my server did n't know . ( she was a pretty good server otherwise though ) the loaded potato skins are just four small halves of potatoes with cheese and bacon on them . not really loaded . what 's a potato skin without chives ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service here is crazy bad ! no one comes to seat you , you have to find a server to bring you something . the bartenders are not friendly at all . one afternoon i walked in , self seated myself at the bar and no one came . i sat for over 15 minutes and then walked out !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ... the wings are amazing and you have to try the nachos.. the place is so clean and because of the hospitality definitely i will go there again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nearly countless tv 's for sports viewing , but this is the only `` remarkable '' thing about all-star , particularly as it 's just another mini- restaurant chain predominantly operating in southern ontario . menu is very large , and consists of all the standard `` bar-food '' essentials , but is n't particularly special , other than a massive flavor list for wings . 1 2 rack ribs ( ~10 ) wings fries combo for ~ $ 25 is a decent deal , but wings are pretty small and just mediocre , have had better at the pump & turtle jacks . also , + $ 2 charge for splitting wing flavours on one order is pretty stingy given the additional labor is minor . paid street parking is cheap ( $ 1 hr ) , but still an extra hassle compared to jack astors boston pizza , and mississauga parking enforcement is constantly active in the area . would only return here for tv event-specific game viewing , if i was looking for a spot to just generally grub up , there are similar quality options in the area at better price points .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here for take out . we bought wings , fries and chicken fingers . service was so slow and they are not even busy . this place just opened up not long ago .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a good place for big long haired dogs . not satisfied with their brushing , my dog was not well groomed compare to other very few good places", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pampered pets does a nice job on my portuguese water dog , maggie . i bring her in every few months for a trim . they also do her nails as well . she always leaves looking and smelling great , a vast improvement from when i bring her in ! call ahead , usually takes about a week to get an appointment . i 've always found them provide good service to customers and furry friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the new location on sherbrooke is great ! friendly staff and they always give a great haircut for our dog . they are professional and the dog always seems happy there . best if you book ahead .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met jayson a couple years ago through another comedian . he had been at one of our mutual gigs and laughed hysterically while i was onstage . actually , that 's what i think he did . anyway , that was 2 years ago and he gave me his card . i just found it in my purse on the same day he found me on facebook . that , folks , is destiny . i got an awesome rate for my new car and exemplary service from him and brittany . the guy is busy as hell , but took the time to work with me . he even asked for details on any future gigs . seriously , if anyone wants to come see me laugh , they 'll get my biz !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want to thank my friend jayson hoffer with farmers insurance in mesa for saving me over $ 200.00 today on my auto & home owners insurance ( with better coverage ) . give him a call today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson is very knowledgable , willing to take the time to really be effective with his clients , and actually cares . he increased my coverage and decreased my rates . he actively helps me with my business and gives me peace of mind . thank you jayson . kenneth von hopf", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of jayson 's for five years . he really took the time to explain what my coverage meant and saved me money on my car and renters insurance . at my age , i did n't think i needed life insurance , but after discussing it with jayson i decided now was a great time to get it while i am young and insurable . i never knew how bad my old car insurance was until we reviewed it . now jayson does a review for me every year to see if there are new discounts that can save me more money . for example when i moved from mesa to gilbert i saved more money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after seeing his reviews on google and yelp i decided to give them a shot . i was impressed by how personal he was and the advise he gave me for my life and vehicle insurance . he actually got on the phone with my current insurance agency and fixed my coverage even though i decided to keep my current vehicle insurance and i did decide to get my life insurance through them ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson with the jayson hoffer insurance agency inc. is extremely knowledgeable and he cares about educating his clients on being properly protected . i would strongly suggest encourage using jayson hoffer insurance agency inc. for any of your insurance needs , why ? because jayson 's # 1 goals is to help you find the best solution for your family or business , bottom line . kudos to jayson with the jayson hoffer insurance agency inc. ! ! ! ! - anthony johnson , owner mava consulting", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson 's been my insurance agent since i moved to arizona . he is very personable , thoughtful and does a great job of explaining coverage and services . his one on one review helped save me money even though it cut 's his margins . it 's not all about the money and i am grateful to know i 'm appropriately covered . i recommend him to my friends as well as my real estate clients . i appreciate the great service from a person i like and can trust . thanks jayson and your team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after contacting jayson but reaching him in the midst of a cat emergency i 've not talked to him while trying to purchase insurance through his office . miscommunication began after we had received our quote and decided to purchase from them . we were not informed that the farmer 's would be sending out their own appraiser to determine how much it would cost to rebuild the house . we were under the impression that the quote we received was the price that we would pay for insurance . the rate increased almost $ 300 per year . no call from jayson . no call from the office . we found out when we received a call from the title company saying that more money required for closing after we 'd already signed our paperwork . this complicated an already arduous closing on a home . then we received a cancellation letter ; no call . then we received another cancellation after we thought the matter was resolved and again no call from jayson 's office .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have had the privilege of working with jayson hoffer since we started our business in 2015 . his level of expertise and knowledge is exceptional ! he is always willing to spend the time to answer all our questions , helping us to understand the intricate levels of insurance requirements . we wanted a professional we could rely on to continually keep our policies updated with the right coverage and competitive rates . we found exactly what we were searching for . jayson hoffer and his staff have met and exceeded our expectations from day one . they provide excellent customer service with ongoing communication and personalized support . it has been our experience that going above and beyond is the norm for jayson and his team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have any questions about your auto , home , or life policies , jayson is the guy to ask ! jayson sat down with me and reviewed my current coverage , with another company , and was able to show me a few things that allowed me better coverage for less money ! he also reviewed some financial planning with me that made tons of sense ! jayson has a great network of people that he works with , so if you are looking for someone to do some work for you , jayson probably has a connection or two ! thank you jayson for taking 90 minutes out of your day to answer all my questions and help me in my business as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met jayson very recently at a business function and made an appointment to meet with him so that i could learn more about his insurance agency . we spent about 2 hours chatting about business and shared ideas . before i left his office jayson examined my current insurance policy and made some suggestions that had never occurred to me before . once of the best things about the review was that he never once pressured me to buy from him . he simply shared information and pointed out some strategies that will afford me superior protection for about the same amount of money that i am now spending with my current agent . if you are not sure about your current policy and the kind of coverage that you have you should run ( not walk ) to your phone and give jayson a call . i know that he can help you save money and get the best coverage possible . thank you jayson !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson hoffer was exceptionally helpful when putting together my life insurance , auto insurance , and home owner 's insurance . he is extremely friendly and easy to talk to . when meeting with him at his office in mesa , he walked my wife and i through the entire process making sure we fully understood everything . my favorite part was that the package was much more affordable compared to my previous company i was with . i highly recommend jayson hoffer from farmers insurance to be your insurance agent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i sat down with jayson to see if he could save us some money on our insurance . not only did he save us $ 1200 a year but he increased our coverages by bundling our insurance policies . he spent a lot of time educating us on where the gaps were in our policies and going over scenarios where we would be financially devastated from our old policies . we 've since referred at least a dozen people to him and they have all all called to thanks us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "farmers insurance has always been a quality insurance company and jayson hoffer is a reliable person to contact for any insurance needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've known jason for a number of years and i 've been fortunate to see his incredible service level and expertise with his insurance clients . plus , jason is simply a great guy . he will help you get the absolute best rates on auto , home , life , and many other types of insurance so you can help protect your family and your assets . his office is located in mesa , but he serves clients all across the valley in scottsdale , gilbert , tempe , phoenix , and chandler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson is a great agent ! he knows the business better than most and goes above and beyond to make sure his clients are properly insured as well as having a better understanding of what they 're purchasing . `` ..in good hands , '' may be the slogan for another insurance company , but it truly should be jayson 's . give him a call and you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly i like insurance agents as much as i like used car salesmen . however..today we had an appointment with jayson to go over our car insurance . we have had usaa for years and were recently given some information by a co-worker that had us looking into other insurances . we met at his office and he was awesome . i was very impressed because he was honest with us and told us that for now , due to a fender bender 2 years ago , our best option is to stay with our current company . he even took the time to go over our policies with us and called usaa to make changes that would benefit us..he even saved us $ $ $ and got us better coverage which i love ! he made no money off us tonight but helped us tremendously . you can bet that next may , when our little accident falls off , we will be right back at jayson 's office making that change . if you are looking to make a change for the better in your insurance , you should definitely give jayson a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he has been very helpful and honest about money that i can save with insurance . he has integrity and thats what matters when you do business with someone ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "time and time again jayson has proved his committment to me by offerring suggestions to save me money on my insurance even when he would have been commissioned and i had even asked for the coverage . jayson will go out of his way to explain why certain things are n't necessarily in your best interest ... why because he is more interested in building long-term relationships . on a recent unfortunate friday evening when i had a little fender bender jayson called me within minutes of the police showing up and talked me through what to do and what not to do . as a salesperson myself , i can be very critical of others in the same profession , but in jayson 's case i can not say enough of his integrity and knowlege !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you jayson for going above and beyond on getting us the best deal on our policies . thank you taking time on your saturday to explain everything and anything that would be beneficial to our family and our needs . we highly recommend jayson hoffer . if you want excellent customer service go see jayson ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , genuinely cares , & super knowledgeable.. i really recommend you give jayson a call if your looking for auto insurance or even just some advice on auto insurance . he totally took the time to help me and knows his stuff . he even gave me some useful phone numbers . wonderful customer service , thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson helped me with my auto home and life insurance . i came in to talk shop with him to learn about how to market my business as a construction guy . he taught me how to use yelp and linkedin really effectively . i drove in all the way from phoenix into mesa for all of his car insurance help . glad i drove all that way", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson hoffer & his entire staff was a breath of fresh air in `` customer service '' after being ignored by my so called safeco insurance agent . the greetings over the phone & in his office was genuine & really a pleasure doing business with him . not only did i get a new policy , i got a lesson on what i should be insured for & why both on our vehicles & house . thank you for outstanding customer service ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason it was a pleasure meeting you and your staff last week ! ! i am very excited about the retirement products you shared with me and my business partner and i am looking forward to doing business with you very soon . if anyone is looking for a great knowledgeable insurance agent , jason is your guy . thanks again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson was very helpful and knowledgeable in advising us on all our insurance needs . his staff is also a tremendous helpful especially ryan who was always quick with follow up and also willing to answer any and all questions . i would highly recommend this farmers agent for all your insurance needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason had me over to his office today to review our life and auto policies . if you want someone who will take care of you and not just looking for a quick buck he is definitely the go to agent for home , auto , life , disability , and just about every kind of insurance there is . thanks jason !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson not only helped me with my business but he also helped me with my auto , home , and life insurance . i did n't know that he also does financial services in mesa arizona . i 'm happy to help him because he 's happy to help me . as a water restoration master i see lots of insurance agents . do you want the best or the cheapest ? sit down with this guy and he 'll help you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson has been my agent for app . 10 years . i have never had a more helpful ins . agent in my life . he has called me after hours to discuss my premiums , and his staff has always gotten back to me immediately on any concerns with my home or one of my 3 vehicles . he has helped me with my premium on one of my cars , even though he is n't the farmers agent on it . farmers wo n't let me change it to jayson without charging him for taking the other agents client .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson and his agents are top notch.jayson is very hands on , and will make sure you are taken care of . first class customer service . they made sure i got the coverage i needed when i purchased my new car . i only wish i would had switched over to him when i had my other vehicle . thank you jayson and ryan . i would recommend jayson hoffer - farmers insurance to anyone seeking a great insurance agency .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jayson hoffer has been taking care of me for 2 years now . came to this agency because it was close to the house i was renting , and had good reviews . i 've now bought a house that 's not nearby , but i 'll always make the drive back to this office because of the service i 've had ! i feel like they 're all looking out for me and trying to help however they can , which is how an insurance agent should be . i forget all the time that they 're actually selling something , they seem more like an advocate for your insurance needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best insurance rates in town ! staff is very helpful and supportive and jayson is wonderful to work with . i save money every time i renew and i work and work in downtown phoenix area . if you are looking for great rates and service call jason and his team . they will cover all your auto , home , and life insurance needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in and around the insurance industry for over 30 years , and today i met one of the most talented , compassionate , and professional agents in my career . jayson 's ability to thoroughly explain one 's needs , his expertise in recognizing how he can best serve his clients , and his transparency in service are light years beyond the service of anyone i 've done business with in the past . truly an amazing experience ... call him now and schedule an appointment with him . you will only be impressed and thankful for the time you spend with him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were shopping for home insurance and my realtor suggested to go with jayson at farmers . i was told one thing for policy premium and got something completely different . previous insurance i canceled charge me because they never took care of informing them we had switched to farmers . when i asked why this was not done , i was told that i had not completed the form they had sent . i asked for the day & time the form was sent out i was given and apology that it was never sent out . i let renee know that me and my wife would stop by to go over any other paperwork that needed to be signed . monthly premium was over 50 dollars more than what they paper work we had signed & reviewed again that day before i was charged . when i asked renee to have mr. hoffer call me she said i have not discussed the matter with him yet , but she would make me another appointment to talk to jayson .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you disappointed me today zipps ! maybe it 's because i 'm hungover . wings did n't come out as ordered and they messed up my sisters fish tacos . pretty sure it should n't be a burrito like wtf ? lol . onion rings were absolutely disgusting . poor service in general from supporting staff . sad day to drop that many stars . lol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super annoyed . my boyfriend and i ( both under 21 ) have been there more than 3 times after 11 pm to eat and always had great service . this last sunday we were sitting there at about 10:55 where we placed our order for an appetizer and drinks , then about 10 minutes later our waitress walked up and asked for our id 's , to our unknown knowledge you had to be 21 after 11 pm . the manager then came over and explained to me the law and how other managers failed to enforce this , even though he was the only manager that we have ever seen there ... awk . so they then charged my boyfriend and i for our chips and salsa which we wouldnt have ordered if we would have known ! ? ... the whole thing was annoying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were anxiously awaiting our favorite sports bar so once we found out they opened on friday , we were there for grand opening happy hour . wings were perfect ( golden medium with a side of hot ) wife got her fave ( monnoco foccacia ) . food came out quickly and accurately despite being full to capacity and a 30 min wait to sit . beer was ice cold in a frozen mug . service was friendly and we were greeted by one of the owners and the manager . needless to say we will be back as they have consistently served us great food no matter which location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service - excellent atmosphere - good food - bad wo n't be back ... even fries and onion rings were bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty surprised with the low star rating considering how this community supports his place especially during football season . come on guys they got the best wings in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read the reviews and was a little nervous but we were popping in for a quick app . the place seemed clean , open and friendly . our server was attentive and nice . our food ( mozzarella sticks ) was weird as a spring roll but it might be fun for people who love cheese and slightly soggy spring rolls ! also ordered chicken fingers ( with wing sauce ) and fries , sauce was hot ! ! ! and the fries a little on the soggy side . a good quick stop but nothing fancy . lastly ordered a drink and it was not right , handled a little oddly , not sure we would ever come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very overpriced bar rail vodka diet coke , $ 15 each as they said it was double shot , naomi and i had five so $ 150 tab with no food or appetizers ... neither the bartender or manager were cool or helpful when we said it was excessive . offered nothing to get us to ever return or compromise on our formal complaint . will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if zips served pancake then it could call itself molassas and that would be more fitting . someone that we came with died . the ambulence came . the coroner pronounced them dead before they delivered my daughter 's food was delivered . we came on sunday march 15th and it was st patricks day before we left . in addition to the burned burger , i burned two vacation days waiting for food here . if you find yourself going here , zip to somewhere else , anywhere else as fast as you can . you will never get this time they take from you back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it was n't all that great ... .food did n't taste like it had flavor and maybe it 's because it was late but my friends chicken taco did n't even taste like chicken . like i do n't even wan na give it a 1 star", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow service ! ! we did have a party of 7 but it was n't very busy . food was great tho . i had the buffalo focaccia . they do charge you for ranch tho . very flavorful and fresh . we did have one issue ... when we were done with dinner we wanted coffee . when we ordered it the server said `` oh i 'm sorry we only have decaf because the servers were drinking our regular so much the managers decided not to order it anymore '' ummmm probably not a good reason not to have coffee since we are paying customers who want coffee ! ! ! not sure we will return !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been here 45 mins ... .no food yet . think they need to get their act together in the kitchen . this is unacceptable . i hope they get this in order ... .would love to have a great place like this in our neighborhood .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible ! ! ! avoid this place ! the service is bad , we never received our food which may be a good thing since i saw multiple tables send their food back . do yourself a favor and drive across the parking lot to whiskey rose .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was happy to find the ranger ipa on tap . went to watch a football game with friends and found the tv screen side of things to be just right . the reason for 2 stars is the food . it reminded me a lot of cafeteria food in junior high . i ordered a burger and found the quality of meat to be a bit low . i like that the fries still have the edge of the potato on them but they were far from crisp .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here every week for some beers and chicken wings with the guys from work . i 'm addicted to the chicken wings cuz they 're so good . just a tip , try the golden medium wings `` extra crispy '' with a side of buffalo sauce . i get the buffalo hot and this way you can kinda control the heat level . the wings will have just the right amount of crunch and still be tender inside . i find myself thinking about their wings sometimes and especially if i miss a week . ask for holly cuz she knows how to have the kitchen make your wings just perfect !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is ok. what makes this place tough to handle is slow service and it 's always super loud . i do n't know if it 's how the interior is designed or that they play the music too loud . not sure .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have started coming here since it 's located near hamilton hs and we are now attending the games for kids ' activities . great to have a place to get a quick bite and enjoy a beer after a late night . good selection of draft beers and the menu options are typical bar faire . buffalo style wings are a bit different than other places but not in a bad way . i would steer you clear of the fries though - they are a soggy , greasy mess . lots of tv 's and sports playing . plenty big with separate bar , dining area and outdoor patio . i have seen it very busy though and imagine it will be after varsity games . staff has been very friendly , including the manager . all-in-all one to add to my repertoire and a place we can enjoy after games with the family .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i come here often since it 's so close . the convenience is the best part of this location . this afternoon we came to watch the az coyotes game . we asked to put the game on a tv close to our table and it was put on a small tv across the room . since the asu football game had just ended , we asked for the volume also . the gm said that hockey is boring and their policy is to only play sound during playoffs . he said they only play college football sound on saturdays because that 's what people want to watch . there were `` 0 '' other tables watching tv at this time . what an ass and what terrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you cristy for always receiving me and dom with a smile , understanding and helpfulness . zipps and you specifically saved our night after being treated like crap and feeling rejected by the new establishment down the road ( ehem cough blue 32 cough ) after they were rude to us we realized we were wrong for trying ... lol ! keep up the good work , we look forward to coming to zipps ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly but extremely slow . we ordered burgers , fries , and onion rings . the burgers were `` okay '' but the buns were cold and the lettuce too wet . the french fries and onion rings were in edible . they were so bad , i asked if they were pre-fried in a large quantity , put under a heat lamp , and set waiting until ordered . they were greasy , cold , and horrible . in their defense , right after the food was delivered , alex did stop by to see how everything was . we just do n't send food back as it should be done right the first time . we never saw our waitress after the food was delivered until long after the bill was due . we sat with dirty dishes , never had any refills on our beverages , and we were never asked if we wanted anything else . other staff clearly saw us looking around for a waitress , but never offered to help and never sent our waitress .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a cool sports bar & grill that my cousin took me to while visiting chandler . they have lots of tvs and yes , the atmosphere is a little loud so its difficult to hear more than one or two conversations at a time but the food and drinks are amazing . i ordered the chicken fingers with a half & half of sweet potato chips and onion rings . their fries are n't as great as the sweet potato chips and onion rings . their onion rings are n't heavily breaded and fried so it has a thin ring which makes it pretty tasty . their taco salad looked amazing and had a good spicy sauce to go with it . their burgers are huge ! ! the meat is pretty thick ( at least 1 4 pound ) so splitting a burger with a friend is n't a bad idea . i do n't drink pop very often so i opted out for a lemonade with some grenadine at the bottom . it was delicious ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for the mixture of value and ambience and quality , this is the best sports bar in chandler . their happy hour specials are really good and they have them every day of the week . this is a great place to watch a game or hang out in a clean bar and play golden tee or shuffleboard . their burgers , wings , and foccacia wraps are really good . they make a drink called the iceberg that is beer topped off with slushy frozen margarita and those are really tasty . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have given this location 3 tries ... all of which i received the worst service i could imagine . this last outing ( and by last i mean that was my last visit..ever ) i ordered my regular item which was a buffalo facasia- signature item . it was undercooked when i told the manager he simply said `` well you ate some of it so i ca n't comp it '' shortly after leaving the restaurant i was forced to stop because i had to run to the restroom from getting sick from the undercooked chicken . do n't ever eat here you will regret it . i know i did .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "vintage motor lodge meets upscale chinese . i consider myself a creative person but i never would 've 'thunk it . ' it seems to work ; fantastic modern interior with plush seating and a unique menu . i went straight for the duck and to my surprise there was 'coffee duck . ' well why not hit two birds ( well one duck and one afternoon coffee ) with one stone . smoky roasted coffee flavor drenching a nicely de-boned , crispy duck delight . i only ate a corner as i do n't do carbs but the pancakes were wonderfully fresh for those that do . duck in sometime .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coffee duck was crispy and came with 2 cold paper-crepes . shrimp dumplings were good . fried tofu was bland.sauces on the several dishes we tried were equally uninspired and disappointing at best . not on my list for a second visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have traveled to many places and i have tasted great chinese food . this restaurant does not have great chinese food . tonight i ordered the chicken hot and sour soup . it was supposed to be spicy soup but it was not . i ordered general tso chicken which was also supposed to be spicy . it had one pepper in it . the chicken was overcooked and dry . there was not enough sauce on the chicken and the rice was very very dry . the service was worse than the food . it took 20 minutes to get the waitress to take the order . my drink was only refilled when i was almost done eating and it was by a waiter that was not in my section . when i finally got the bill needless to say the waitress was not happy because she did not receive a tip . this by far was the worst service i have ever sat through . i would have walked out had i not been with my boss . i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've taken my car to various garages in pittsburgh throughout the year . most of the one 's that have 5 stars generally fell short of my expectation except for broadway auto . this garage is by far the most honest , friendly , affordable , fast and trustworthy . historically i would end up taking it to pep boys because they were cheapest . i initially went to bway to cross confirm whether my rear brakes needed to be changed as per pep boys . bway said everything was fine front and rear and just charged me for inspection . i felt that showed integrity as plenty of other garages could have changed it out and made money on my lack of knowledge . it 's nice to support a local business that deserves it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i take my car here every year for inspections- the guys are very friendly and honest and do great work . i do n't know much about cars but know i can trust this garage , will continue to go here for everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "danny , is a class act . i 've met his father before i met danny , the son . his dad and myself had a saying , my pride and joy . damn i was like 27 at the time . then his dad pulled out a card that said pride and joy . i 'm now 47 and still take my cars here from time to time . damn time flies when you 're having fun ... .get 5 % off . tell them shakim sent you or show them this ad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently was in need of a mechanic for the first time in pittsburgh and am so happy i went with the mechanics at broadway auto parts . they were able schedule an appointment to diagnosis my car the next day , were very friendly and trust worthy , and were able to fix my car that day at a very reasonable price ! as a young woman more unfamiliar with the world of car mechanics , i am so happy to have found a place that i can trust , with fast and friendly service , and at a reasonable price . i had a truly wonderful experience with broadway auto parts and would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone in need of a mechanic in the east liberty shadyside area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "broad way is the only place i take my car on the east end . customer service is through the roof , and i never have any doubt that they do things right and efficiently . they will let me know if something might need fixed in the near future , but have never put pressure on me to pay for more than is immediately necessary . they are good at explaining what is wrong , and do n't use the scare tactic that other garages use ( using big words and jargon to confuse you into buying more service ) . i trust these guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't a bad little store but it 's the kind of place you 'd go for run of the mill beers like pbr , coors light , etc . decent prices and specials too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the beer on butler is my go to beer distro it 's right down the road from my house the lady that works there is very nice and they have a huge beer selection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place , new to lawrenceville , has an average selection . carries most of the usual suspects , but craft beer selection is minor . what was maddening is that none of the cases had prices , and no signs were posted for craft beers . i had to relay the names of the beer to the cashier to check price . given that i was not looking for anything in particular , i found this a total waste of my time , and headed down the street . in short , above rage selection and below average customer service . hopefully this will improve with time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "port credit is alright if you lives in the area and want to pick up a bottle of wine or some beers . no special items or limited release can be find here . the most disappointing thing though was on a long weekend sunday , only 1 cashier working and the line was so long . you can find old credit brewery 's amber ale and pilsner here though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the worst lcbo 's , if not the worst i 've ever been to . shame that port credit does n't have a better stop for alcohol shopping . the selection is awful , often when i 'm searching for a particular brand the port credit one almost never has it . the place is undersized compared to most other lcbo 's which probably does n't help much . the place always seems to be a mess and the service is super slow . often they do n't have enough lines open to take the line up . not to mention almost every single day there is someone new canvasing for your money outside of the place , on top of the already high prices we have to pay for our spirits and beer in this country . fingers crossed this will shut down and we 'll get a real one nearby , but until then i 'll avoid it like the plague and buy my goods elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a very intimate and small location which has a more friendly and welcoming feel to it but it is rather small and the parking lot is even smaller . to avoid holiday lines , go within the first hour of them opening", "score": "3"}
{"review": "basically what the other folks have said . port credit is an amazing , vibrant community but we 're stuck with a rather dinky lcbo location . pretty limited selection on essentially everything which is largely unavoidable given the small size of the actual store . it has all of the basics but you 're not going to find any specialty stuff and it also does n't seem as though the products rotate very often , if at all . i guess this means you know what you 're going to get but it 's still a bit unfortunate . so while it 's nice to have an lcbo right in the heart of the community , it 's a shame that it has to be probably the least impressive location in all of mississauga . a lot of people live in port credit and i 'd wager that a good many of them enjoy fine wines and spirits . should n't they be better served by a better liquor store ? there must be someplace they can put one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tonight , while istandard event , someone stole my black north face jacket . man , whoever you are , i wish you all the worst . hope karma will punish you as hard as it could and you 'll suffer as much as this jacket worth and meant to me . the staff did n't do anything about that , even though the coat was stolen while it was in their check room . i 'd never come back to this place . thank you for a great night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go to their monthly back 2 basics party often . it 's always a good time ! friendly staff , great music and a funky space . i would definitely recommend checking it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had our five year checkup on our whole house system . everything is just fine ! ! ! i love how they show you water tests before and after they turn the system on and then when it 's off . no chlorine and junk in our water ! best investment ever ! our whole house system is attached to our main so bathing , watering , drinking ... ... every drop is filtered without nasty salt and other garbage . eco friendly and money saving our water is like evian from the tap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terry with lifesource resolved our issue very quickly . what a truly great company to deal with . terry is very pleasant , knowledgeable and truly cares . thanks for all your help terry . we will recommend lifesource .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am impressed how swift lifesource responded to my concerns . i met with terry who came to my home on a sunday and thoroughly explained what the different possible reasons for the rings in the toilets . we were able to device a couple plans to fix it based on previous customer comments and experiences . i am looking forward to the end result . much to my surprise they assured me that when all else fail , they are willing to add another system and even refund my money back . i hope it does not get to this point as i have not lost faith in their product . thank you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "entrance is actually $ 3 not $ 2 ( btw ) great atmosphere , pretty decent music ! the crowd is between 19-23 ( rough estimate ) . all shots , drinks , bottle of water , coat check everything ( except for entrance ) is $ 2 ! the alcohol was n't even watered down , as i expected it to be . did n't quite enjoy the stinger shots . prefer the ones at madhatters . they have a somewhat small dance floor ( this is great considering that it is a lounge bar and not a club . there was also a foosball table . staff were nice . bouncers did n't have an attitude ( as you regularly see in clubs ) so i started to like it before i even got in . staff are super friendly too ! bartenders are quite fast too ! definitely would recommend this place if you want to get drrink and not break your wallet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i came here once with my friends because we were visiting montreal and we wanted cheap alcohol . seeing how people were saying it was $ 3 for shots we had to give this place a try . it 's unfortunate that this bar is n't located in a more popular area because it 's a bit out of the way . was it worth it ? yes . such cheap alcohol and great music . this issue was that it was pretty dead . i would come here to pregame but not stay here all night long . shout out to the dj for having the best music i heard in montreal . fyi he was playing trap hip hop and it was 10 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as other reviewers have mentioned , just about everything is $ 2-3 here , including a rich list of custom shots , 500 ml mugs of beer , and more . my friend and i arrived late on a friday and saw that while this place had a huge dance floor and room to really acomodate quite a large crowd , though , on the night in question , it was quite empty . we did n't have to pay cover , but my friend got a drink and enjoyed it . it 's easy to walk past the doorway to this 2nd floor discotheque , but it looks like it has some real potential to bring in a good crowd of people who enjoy having a good time without breaking the bank . i 'll be back to la shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la shop , the place you want to go if you are looking for cheap drinks . they are open from friday to sunday & they have everything at 2 $ . beer , shooters , rum & coke you name it ! everything 2 $ is their motto & i like it . the mood there is crazy ! party from right to left . there is a small dance floor , with a pool table . find this place pretty practical to get smashed , so go ahead and try out la shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in a word : phenomenal . la shop is truly a one of a kind establishment with tremendous employees , excellent drinks and a fun , eclectic mix of music . i visited montreal for two nights , and visited la shop on both simply because i had such an outstanding experience . i was pleasantly surprised when on the second night the amazing bartender ( catherine ) and dj ( camille ) remembered me and greeted me like an old friend . i came for the $ 2 drinks , but stayed for the priceless people . i ca n't wait to come back to la shop , a wonderful establishment that contributed enormously to a wonderful weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! entrance is 3 dollars but every thing else is 2 dollars . beer , shots , mixed drinks , 2 dollars ! ! ! a select few drinks are 3 dollars but it does n't go past that . and the drinks are strong ! the bouncers are really cool , the bartenders are really cool and the people who come here are generally a cool and eclectic bunch . a generally younger crowd and it seems to be mostly local and college kids but you 'll see some older folk in their later 20 's ( like myself ) in there . the music is honestly low , vibrational , top 40 piece of shit non-sense but since this place is so cool , i can forgive it . especially if you get smashed enough , the music will be beethoven to your ears . there 's a small , decent sized dance floor but the place is pretty big to bring the dancing to other areas . its really a cool place and i most definitely will return to la shop when i come back to montreal ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 2 drinks . $ 2 coat check . good atmosphere . crowd is 20-30 , with a few oddballs in the mix . music is not terrific but definitely worth a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cute store ! so excited to find it . many of the items say `` made for daiso '' . this store has lots of space to add more items . right now it 's a little sparse , but they have lots of stationary items , a small amount of makeup , lots of cell phone accessories . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "variety of things to choose from . cheap and reasonable price . i would call it the first mini daiso store in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "even though i 've gone to a number of asian discount stores , i really like this shop . it had alot of cheap cute products . their prices are reasonable and i cant really complain about the customer service either . i do agree that they should also add more things to the inventory but to start , this place is wonderful . i got a handful of office supplies , beauty products ( e.g . facial masks , false lashes ) , super cute stylus and other random things . i would really go back again . my only request is to add more items on the beauty and office supplies section .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a nice little store that reminds me of daiso in california with cute products . the one draw back is that their selection is really really limited .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice person . very accommodating . the place is organize . seller will find you what u need and recommend some alternatives .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute store ! great prices ! not so many options like others have said mentioning all the space they do have.. also i thought there would be options of japanese korean snacks but they do n't carry , they do carry japanese korean drinks tho so that 's a plus and you get a free drink checking in thru yelp : ) ... the customer service is great , the lady working there was really nice and helpful . but honestly i do n't know if i would visit again just for the fact that there was n't a spark there for me personally . if i was going to unlv i would n't mind stopping to check it out since it 's walking distance but for me the drive i would n't . i would say this place is great for students or just anyone because of their cheap prices to save $ ! either way i 'm glad i checked it out & you should too maybe you 'll love it : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful store . the prices are excellent . everything is very affordable the service is always friendly . the entire store is clean . overall five stars , easy . we will definitely come back here again . perfect location for students since it 's near unlv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a pleasure come visit this cute and lovely place ! cheap cute items ! friendly staff and plenty of things to look at !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little knick-knack store ! they have cute stuff . worth checking out . they got stuff from asia and stuff . they also sell some bamboo l and vases", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was greeted by very nice employees . i asked for the opinions on several things they had and they helped me out ! everything is cheap only 1.50 $ . i love this place for my japanese candy and drinks . i will be coming back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better than tokyo discount got all my things for 10 $ ! ! very nice employee running the shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cactus valley is a chain ; however , this is a good local pool store . good place to get your pool cleaner repaired or have your water tested .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going to cactus valley pool supply for almost 5 years and have had great service until now . now they have changed their name to poolwerx and their service is beyond horrible . previously i have had them do work on my pool and they , alan , was always prompt , courteous and reasonably priced . now i need work done on my pool and mike has postponed me numerous times , was never on time , is rude and has now up and quit on us because we ordered some of our parts online for half the price he quoted , ( which we can easily install ourselves ) , but we ca n't complete the other work that is needed . this is not how you treat customers and no way to keep a business running ! i will not be back ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just recently purchased a house with a pool . being first time home and pool owners we want to make sure we are doing it correctly . i 've taken my water to be tested here multiple times and each time they act as if it 's a great inconvenience for them to spend a minute testing the water . customer service seems severely lacking and often feels like they just want you to leave when you walk in . they do n't greet you as enter and give half hearted answers to your questions . if you 're looking for good service and knowledge please avoid this place . i for one will be looking for a new pool supply store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so happy with the service i have received from the crew at poolwerx on lindsey and warner in gilbert . i had a sudden issue with my pool equipment . i contacted poolwerx on a saturday , they sent a technician the next day and took care of the problem . these guys know their stuff . if you have a pool issue definitely check these guys out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been getting our chemicals and parts here for 4-years ( used to be cactus ) . we recently switched to poolwerx on lindsay and warner ( do n't confuse them with the other poolwerx on higley and elliot ) our weekly service because our last company became unreliable . so far so good , the owner is a good guy and i believe he is competent and honest . i had a part break on my pool and asked for a quote , he told me it had a lifetime warranty from the pool builder . thats integrity ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by today and they were locked out . the sign on the door was a notice about re entry did n't read what it was about . they reopened and are helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in and spoke with a gentleman by the name of mike and he was very knowledgeable and helpful . did n't come off as if he was trying to make a buck . very honest and to point . if you want it done right and need reliable people to service your pool , i definitely recommend going here . very helpful and did n't beat me up too bad lol .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the team here is awesome ! super friendly , helpful and very knowledgeable . they will have my business as long as they keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give this place 0 stars if i could . the owners are complete assholes . they are always really rude , do n't care if you 're waiting at the register . one time the owner was sick and my mom suggested he go home and get rest so he does n't get customers sick , and he said `` what ? do you live in a f ckin ' bubble ? ? '' the owners years and years and years ago were so nice . we miss them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here for lunch and ordered an italian sub . it was delicious . i did n't know what to expect from a convenient store but i was pleased . will go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not good ... stopped on st. party 's for a corned beef ... very fatty tough to eat ... dissapointed", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been living a block away from this place since i 've moved here and i go there almost everyday . they have almost everything you need on the go . sandwiches , soup ice cream and chips . beer for my dad and we stop there to get snacks every night . it 's just great . the people who run the place are a great family . friendly to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you work in the business & technology park in strongsville , this place is the closest sandwich shop ... which really is all it has going for it ... the pure convenience . it 's just a gas station ... minus gas . they have a `` deli '' but they only make like 6 sandwiches . they are n't bad sandwiches ( they 're pretty good actually ) ... but there are only 6 of them ... they have a surprisingly good craft beer selection though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good corner deli . like the subs and a very good selection of craft beer . nice that they offer single beers to try instead of having to buy an entire six pack .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "regrettably , i 've had a similar experience to the 2 previous posters . i go in for an oil change and they try to upsell a cabin filter replacement for an exhorbitant cost . i wish i had said no , but i did n't . found out a week later that the price they charged me was more than 3 times the retail price at canadian tire , and for the simplest installation . lesson learned . just not a fun experience to be seen as just another wallet coming in to be picked at . the speed of the oil change was a plus ... that 's why they get 2 stars from me . just think , otherwise , it 'd be yet another lone star.. ew . last resort oil change .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just came from there and i sent customer service in ontario a complaint letter on how discusting and horrible this place is . 60 $ for an oil change ? i do n't think so , mr.lube , you have 48 hours to respond to my letter on how i was treated there or you will receive a call from the better business bureau . customers : do not visit this location , they will destroy your car and you will have to pay double .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lol , they are humorists . went in for a synthetic oil change , was quoted 95 $ ... walked right out . dealer charges less ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service honest and gave me discounts for free , 59 $ taxing included , they did multi point inspection for free . very friendly , i recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally decent place to go get an oil change and buy an air filter . prices are n't the best . they really try and upsell but if you know what you need , this place is acceptable . their main benefit is they are open later than most places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awful ! ! ! always try to sell me something i tell them i do n't need , then they argue with me ! good luck if you just want an oil change .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "je vais commenter seulement sur le service \u00e0 la client\u00e8le car c'est un des pires que j'ai v\u00e9cu . la serveuse nous a vu rentrer dans le restaurant et elle a fait comme si de rien n'\u00e9tait . elle a continu\u00e9 de manger et regarder la t.v . elle est venue nous donner \u00e0 ma soeur et moi le menu apr\u00e8s 5 minutes avec une face de boeuf . elle a continu\u00e9 son service avec la m\u00eame attitude ... assez pour me convaincre de ne plus y retourner . venez chercher votre commande ou faites la livrer \u00e0 la place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is wifi but it basically never works . service is either pretty good ( usually in the morning ) or pretty bad ( afternoon evening ) . food is cheap but tastes cheap .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a common greasy spoon diner in outremont ? oh ! the melodrama for the bourgeois . there goes the real-estate value of their mansion . anyway , although it 's located near the udem , the establisment is mostly filled with elderly patrons . they serve honest fare with a straight forward ambiance . you sit , order , eat and leave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must have driven by this place a bunch of times . i was looking to organize some books and wanted to find a fun shelf . i wandered in and immediately regretted that i went close to closing because i could have easily spent hours . i got distracted and did not get a book shelf but found an amazing side table , jewelry box and coat hanger . i will be back to wander again for the shelf as there were so many awesome things to choose from . if you want to get lost and leave with a one of a kind item this is your place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lakewood antique mall is easily one of my favorites . from the outside , it looks small , but do n't let this deter you . the store is filled from floor to ceiling ( literally , there was a chair hanging from the ceiling ) with all sorts of wonders . the store is almost built like a maze , and as soon as you think you 've reached the end , it seems to grow . there 's a downstairs as well with new hallways and rooms beyond every turn . i walked out today with a pretty blue candle stick for only $ 4 . would definitely recommend for a fun day of exploring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best antique shop in cleveland . the owner is a lovely lady who knows the inventory of her store from top to bottom . she can help you find whatever you are looking for . her helpfulness ( along with her happy and joyful spirit ) makes me a loyal customer . this shop is definitely worth a visit to , you will not be disappointed . anytime i need anything for the house , this is my first and last stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to paris cosmetics and tatoo . i had permanent eyebrows done almost 8 years a go and needed to be done again . char the owner , she 's amazing she also did a fantastic job ; ) i love my eyerbrows result , she 's very professional and friendly her work place is very nice and clean . thank you char ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to paris cosmetics and tatoo and char was wonderful . i had permanent eyebrows done almost 20 years sgo and needed to be done again . char did a fantastic job very professional and her space was meticulous clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best laser removal tattoo in town . i truly enjoyed my experience . recommend anyone to char . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a great business ! i am having great results with laser hair removal . the price was right , too and the shape was great on my 3d brows . char is great and easy going . no pressure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon for permanent eyebrows with char and am thrilled with the results ! her artistic skills in creating them , ( there was n't much to work with ) is impressive and i just went last week for my retouch and i 'm very happy . she is easy to work with , professional but accomodating and i definitely would recomment her for this procedure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "char is great ! every time i have an appt , she makes sure i am satisfied before i leave . i definitely recommend going to paris laser if you want the best results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to char for tattoo removal yesterday . its already fading ! ! char took her time to treat my tattoo , including numbing the spot , explaining to me , and after care . i have been to another place for tattoo removal before , but char took way more time to treat me ! ! char is so nice and professional , i decided to get hair removal from her as well ! ! im super excited : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful staff and fast service . i was able to make a last minute appointment . great post care instructions given .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . it is very cozy . shar was very accommodating and is always concern about her patients i got very good results in my brazilian laser hair removal and it was not painful . i 'll do my underarms next", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i find paris laser to be an excellent place for eyebrows tattoo . char is excellent ! she 's extremely knowledgeable . she knows exactly what to do and how to make it look good on me . i am very happy . i highly recommend this location", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my eye brows done by linda . she is so nice . beautiful shop , light and airy . very clean . she did a marvelous job of my brows which had been done 15 yrs ago by someone else . linda was able to fix them and improve them . highly recommend you go to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had side burn laser with char , she 's very nice n friendly n so professional the place was very nice n clean i will definitely go back again for my other hair removal , i also noticed she doing permanent eye tattoos too , i will go to her when i need mine touch up , her price was very reasonable , thank you char ! ! for being so nice n sweet ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very friendly place to get laser hair removal . my underarms are clean now . now they have new machine . painless ! ! must try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "char , is the best have been to other places , but she is the best . she is very professional . love this place . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for char ! she is the best ! they have the best staff , always sweet & kind & professional ! see char for your hair removal needs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i discovered this place using groupon . she had a 6 small-area session pack for $ 79 . i picked underarms . it 's suppose to take a few sessions before you can see anything so depending how it 's going , char is definitely willing to work with you on the strength of the machine for your body . char is nice and friendly so if you have any questions about anything , she makes you feel welcome enough to ask .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "called to get an appointment for an estimate for replacing all of my windows . i had to leave a message as no one answered the business phone number provided . its been three days and still havent received a call back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we just had all the original , single pane windows replaced on our 70 's home in tempe . i normally do n't just go with our first & only quote , but i had a good feeling about robert ; based on the reasonable quote & other positive reviews . he is awesome . great guy , easy to communicate with & extremely knowledgable . his crew did a great job with all of the windows ( he installed the simonton 7300 series ) and the necessary trim replacement . they are a small , local company & from my experience , very trustworthy- i 'm happy with all of the windows & the excellent service . it was a couple of weeks from the initial quote to full installation , which took two days ( we also had our sliding arcadia door replaced ) we may have gotten lucky , as they are busy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to replace my single pane , aluminum frame , original windows in my '80s build condo . i searched yelp and found arizona 's best windows and called for a quote . robert was thorough and detailed in is measurements and explanations of options . he answered all my questions and gave me a very competitive quote . i said go . robert did what he said would do , when he said he would do it , for how much he quoted . i was so impressed , that on his way out i asked him for a quote to replace my exterior doors . i had a fantastic experience with arizona 's best windows !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were extremely impressed with robert ! after contacting several companies for a quote for a sliding door replacement i received exactly one response . robert emailed a full quote to me the same day as my initial call . he responded quickly to all questions and gave us a great price . he was willing to work with us on a somewhat short timeline and the installation was quick and thorough . we love the new door . we will absolutely be working with robert when we are ready to replace our windows !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i researched a few window companies and received some prices quotes . arizona 's best windows offered a great price for a great brand ( simonton ) of window . i liked that robert , the owner , allowed me to send him some rough measurements over email so i could at least get an idea of what cost i 'd be looking at , others insist on coming to the house to give you their hard sell . when i accepted his bid , robert came and obtained more precise measurements . he told me when the windows would arrive , and he was prompt and reliable on installation day . another plus , he put the adt security sensors back on the new windows.i do n't think they usually do that , but that really saved me some time by not having to deal with adt and the cost associated with them coming out to the house . the window installation went well and i 'm extremely happy with the windows and the install . wish i would have done this sooner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robert was very professional and great to work with . i had been having trouble finding a contractor who would replace only 2 windows ( most had a minimum # of windows requirement ) and i was so relieved that az 's best windows would do 2 windows . robert contacted me quickly , and was prompt with sending an estimate . once i determined i wanted to move forward with his company , he came out to do measurements within a day , and one week later , he and his wife were at my house installing the new windows . they were very polite and installed the windows perfectly and cleaned up any mess . my boyfriend was home for the install ( i had to work ) and he was very impressed with the professionalism and thoroughness of both of them . we really love the new look of our house now and i would absolutely use az 's best windows again in the future if i need new windows .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robert is phenomenal . he is very passionate and knowledgeable . he replaced all of our windows several years ago at a very competitive price . we had damage to one due to a bb gun or some other projectile and he came out and replaced it for absolutely no charge . i 've also referred him to others and always heard great feedback .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we called robert at arizona 's best windows after reading the great reviews on yelp . he came to our home to measure for a new sliding glass patio door . he was very professional and courteous . he gave us a fair price . we ordered the door and it was ready for installation in 3 weeks . he and his assistant laurie came to do the install and they did a fantastic job . they left everything spotless . we are very happy with the door and also very happy with the exceptional customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owner robert and his assistant laurie were awesome ! the quality of their work and reasonable price were outstanding . i give my highest recommendation . i would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a number of quotes to replace 5 windows in our home robert was not only the best priced but seemed to figure out how to replace the problem window we had in the kitchen . when the day for installation , he and laurie arrived in the morning and were done by 3 p.m . they were incredibly neat and left the house very clean . one of the best experiences my wife and i have ever had with a contractor . we would definitely recommend him", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent corn dogs - they make them right in front of you too ( which can take awhile ) . i had to pop down to the orange julius to get a coke ( they only have lemonade here ) . i abhor mall food in general , but this is passable for a quick cheap bite .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and friendly staff ! i visited this location and ordered a couple cheese dogs . the gal working was very nice and had me spin their coupon wheel . the food was very good too ! no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't corn dog much but when i do , i like this joint . i was craving it so baby girl & i enjoyed some corn dogs , fries & a cheese corn dog thing . service was good & friendly & quick . what more can you expect", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my daughter and i were in fiesta mall waiting for some eyeglasses to be made , so we wondered down to the food court . we had a coupon for this place , and it 's ' as good as any other in this old outdated mall . they dip the dogs right before they cook them , so that 's a good thing . but the dogs came out and they were really greasy , so that tells me either the grease is really old , it 's not hot enough , or both . we also got some churros , and i think i had a small heart attack after i ate them , they were so greasy . i guess if you are hard up for something to eat , then this would be your place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they do n't know how to cook fish ! left the guts inside . they also charged us for our tap water . when we asked why since they were n't bottled water they stated it was because of the lemons in the water . it took them four times to try and add up the total and we 're still complaining about refunding our three dollars for the tap water they charged . the way out , our server as well as the others were real rude by saying `` well if you do n't like our salvadorian food go eat somewhere else where they give you free water '' ( they said it in spanish ) . save your money and headaches and do not come here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "la pupusa loca es un lugar bueno para comer riqu\u00edsima papistas , y tamales salvadore\u00f1os . it was quite fun and there was plenty of great service . the el salvadoranien food was authentic and tasty . we did n't try anything else . we got many pupusas tamales and the breakfast plate . it was yummy and all about 20 bucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for ruining my dinner ... ... ... gracias por arruinar mi cena ... no ce si la persona que toma la orden por telefono sabe escuchar..pero no es la primera vez que me dan una orden equivocada ... ..las pupusas ni paresen pupusas , parese que con los pies las hicieron , mas masa que otra cosa ... ... por gusto el nombre", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is place may appear a bit deceiving , seems like a hole in the wall , however seems to be quite spacious once you 're in . i had the cheese pupusa with zucchini and oh boy ! ! so yummy and they 're large ! both my hubby and i had one each . we basically had breakfast for 2 and spent under $ 5.00 ! now that 's a win ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst place ever ! ! ! they did n't have no kind of waters not even ice water i had to buy a bottle ! the pupusas were dry , the chicken and the beans were burn . worst mother 's day lunch ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to eat just do n't get the rice", "score": "3"}
{"review": "despite them hardly speaking english and feeling a bit judged , the server was still extremely polite and oh my lord the food ! ! ! ! it was so amazing . we had to wait a little bit but it was worth it , clearly the wait was for it being made fresh . so delicious , we will definitely be returning customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst pupusas i have ever had . the masa did n't taste good at all . the curtido was decent . but over all not great . : ( will never be coming back here . made my stomach hurt too", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely bad customer service ! my husband was waiting in the `` no-appointment '' line and was completely ignored ! after 10 to 15 minutes , another car pulled up behind my husband 's car and that customer was immediately acknowledged and serviced . we can not help but believe the reason was because the service rep was hispanic and so was the customer who pulled in behind our vehicle . it 's pretty obvious that this dealership caters to hispanics and totally ignores people who are not of their race . that 's racial profiling ! ! ! ! needless to say , we will `` spread the word '' to our family and friends about this dealership and let them know just how we were treated ! beware to all non-hispanics ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had a really good experience with fjts so far . scott gafforini was recommended to me by beth shugars , the controller . he took time right away to discuss my timing belt issue and made an appointment for today . he took me out and showed me what they would be doing which no other dealer has ever done . i liked that . he followed up while i was there using their excellent wi-fi and had the car done at least an hour earlier than expected . and it was washed . i may be a customer for life based on that alone ! great customer service beth , roger , ricky and scott !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure i want to give a dealership 5 stars but the service and process in getting a car was great ! they were very organized and thorough and explained everything in great detail . it made buying a car easy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is where poor lambs go to get slaughtered . i should have brought my gun with me in here 8 yrs ago when they did not want to give me back my keys after i test drove their camry . i was a young pup back then but stupid me for bringing in a blank check . they passed me up their hierarchy of sales lowlifes trying to close the deal . i had to rip the blank check in their faces so they would give me back my keys . if you have a concealed weapons permit and a handgun , proudly wear it in this fine establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow and egregious service describes this business . a guy plopped a number hat on my car when i pulled in and was told a gentleman named bill would help . after waiting 25 minutes and seeing people who arrived after me get help , i flagged someone down . turns out bill was sitting down talking on the phone the whole time . he told me it would an hour and a half just for a routine maintenance check-up . ugh , alright fine . two hours later , it 's still not done . shame on me for not scheduling an appointment , but spending three hours is unnecessary and torturous . i 've almost paid twice as more at jiffy lube , but at least they finished the same job in under 30 minutes . plus , i checked-in and saw a free donut offer and was like , at least this fried carb will make me feel better . nope , denied because she said they ran out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "before i came here , i went to 2 other toy dealers . this one cut the best offer and i took it . i want to thank ray for the patience & assistance for making it happen . thanks again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no customer service at all . the salesmen do n't know their cars and trucks . what 's worse was that the branch manager was so rude to his employees - in front of the us . that really turned us off . we went straight to nissan and bought my sister 's truck at nissan that same day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took the toyota in for service . the service writer was very patient and took the time to explain some of the issues with the car . so , left the car and went for lunch . came back when they said the car would be done . sure enough , it was completed ... on time ! that 's a huge bonus . the car ran so much better after the service . the price was a bit high , but not unreasonable . that 's why i gave it 4 out of 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an issue with centennial toyota so we came to fletcher jones toyota and they were great ! i will definitely buy my next car at fletcher jones toyota . fletcher jones toyota told me they could help me and they came thru for me . i 'm a very satisfied customer . thank u 's to gina , sal and carlos . you guys were great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the customer service at this place . definitely , a lot bigger than the one i usually go to ! they have tvs everywhere for you to sit and chill when you wait for your car to be serviced . awesome service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i first came here several months ago because my car told me it was time to get an oil change . now , i 'm not the most car-savvy person ever so when my car tells me to do something , i do it . i brought my car to fletcher jones and met with roy who seemed honestly befuddled as why i was there because i did n't actually need an oil change . but instead of being mean or judgmental , he very kindly had my car washed for free and sent me along my merry way with a clean car . needless to say , when my car actually needed an oil change , i came back here . they fit me in on the same day and the oil change was done efficiently while i sat in the expansive waiting area while strangers admired my dog . yes it 's a bit pricier than say ... . jiffy lube , but i appreciated the continuity of care and overall friendliness of fletcher jones and their employees .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i brought in my vehicle for a factory recall . it was working fine before they fixed the recall in my dash . then i drove home only to find my radio and cd player no longer worked so , i had to bring it back . that day the technicians said it wasnt possibly anything they could have done . it made me really upset because it worked before i took it there . i spoke with mike and he thought there was nothing they could do , but called me back a half hour later saying he had spoken to one of the veteran mechanics and the mechanic said `` it was probably a fuse . '' their repairs really probably had nothing to do with the radio cd player not working , but they replaced the fuse for me anyway . this restored some of my faith in the dealership so long as i work with mike . he went above and beyond for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just came for oil change , but i ca n't help to have a coffee and a donut as comp . i suggest to make a reservation to get a service . while i am having breakfast , it will be done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to change the oil . spent 2.5 hours to wait until my car was done . and as a result - oil was everywhere ! ! ! everywhere under the hood , engine was covered with oil . even my passanger 's seat was dirty with motor oil . f @ cked up service ! never go there ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great track , great cars . great set up , very professional . but they do n't let you drive the cars fast or turn hard . the instructor rides with you the whole time and slows you down constantly . this was very disappointing . other companies out at the lv motor speedway let you drive fast and hard and encourage you to be aggressive . speedvegas makes you drive careful and slow . if you just want the experience of driving a cool car , then that 's fine . but if you want do drive fast and fun , speedvegas is not for you . it was n't for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a good time here at speed vegas . hands down one of the best companies i have ever done business with . i drove a porsche 911 gt3 for seven laps . staff was 100 % professional and friendly , and the facility was very nice and clean . i did n't set a reservation , and walked in and did n't have to wait at all . it was a friday afternoon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great company to come and drive some exotic cars ! they have a really friendly staff and waiting area is clean with various car videos playing and some water & coffee refreshments for guests . you can choose to drive either a 3 or 4 car experience ( lamborghini , ferrari 458 , nissan gtr , audi r8 ) and the staff gives vey detailed instructions via walkie-talkies located inside each car to explain rules while you drive and there is always a person in the front leading and in the back watching to make sure all persons driving stay on track . you make 3 stops to change out vehicles , as there are several other people on the tour that will be driving the cars . we got to take the cars out to lake mead and it was a smooth and great ride ! we had a blast ! ! ! a must in vegas ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service a++ cars a++ overall experience a++ this was awesome , with a capital a ! very professional staff and well-organized reservation process . the driving experience was very controlled and leisurely , i 'll be honest driving a $ 300,000 s $ x on wheels is a little stressful . but once you 're on the road they make you feel completely comfortable ! i would definitely do this again ! ! fun fun fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u30e9\u30b9\u30d9\u30ac\u30b9\u3092\u8a2a\u308c\u308b\u65e5\u672c\u4eba\u30b9\u30fc\u30d1\u30fc\u30ab\u30fc\u597d\u304d\u306e\u7686\u3055\u3093\u306b\u306f\u662f\u975e\u3053\u3053\u300c\u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u30d9\u30ac\u30b9\u300d\u306b\u884c\u3063\u3066\u3082\u3089\u3044\u305f\u3044 ! ! 196\u30c9\u30eb\u304b\u3089\u4f53\u9a13\u3067\u304d\u308b\u61a7\u308c\u306e\u30b9\u30fc\u30d1\u30fc\u30ab\u30fc\u306e\u30b3\u30af\u30d4\u30c3\u30c8\u3002\u5b9f\u969b\u306b\u4f53\u9a13\u3057\u305f\u306e\u306f\u308f\u305f\u3057\u3067\u306f\u306a\u304f\u592b\u3067\u3059\u304c\u3001\u5f7c\u306f\u307e\u305a\u30e9\u30f3\u30dc\u30eb\u30ae\u30fc\u30cblp-550\u30ac\u30e4\u30eb\u30c9\u3092\u4f53\u9a13 ( \u30d5\u30eb\u30b9\u30ed\u30c3\u30c8\u30eb\u30d1\u30c3\u30b1\u30fc\u30b8 5\u5468\u3067345\u30c9\u30eb ) \u3002\u3053\u306e\u65e5\u306f\u3053\u306e1\u53f0\u3067\u6e80\u8db3\u3057\u307e\u3057\u305f\u304c\u3001\u30d5\u30a7\u30e9\u30fc\u30ea\u3082\u7d4c\u9a13\u3057\u305f\u304f\u306a\u308a\u7fcc\u65e5\u3082\u3046\u4e00\u5ea6\u884c\u3063\u3066\u3001\u30d5\u30a7\u30e9\u30fc\u30ea458italia ( \u30a2\u30eb\u30c6\u30a3\u30e1\u30c3\u30c8\u30d1\u30c3\u30b1\u30fc\u30b8 5\u5468\u3067445\u30c9\u30eb ) \u3092\u4f53\u9a13\u3057\u307e\u3057\u305f\u3002 \u8eca\u597d\u304d\u3055\u3093\u306b\u306f\u3001\u3053\u306e\u4f53\u9a13\u304c\u7d20\u6674\u3089\u3057\u3044\u3082\u306e\u3067\u3042\u308b\u3068\u5bb9\u6613\u306b\u60f3\u50cf\u3067\u304d\u308b\u306f\u305a\u306a\u306e\u3067\u3001\u305d\u308c\u4ee5\u5916\u306e\u3068\u3053\u308d\u306e\u30ec\u30d3\u30e5\u30fc\u3092\u3057\u307e\u3059\u3002 \u5834\u6240\u306f\u3001\u30db\u30c6\u30eb\u8857\u304b\u3089\u306a\u3089i-15\u3092\u5357\u307815\uff5e20\u5206\u7a0b\u5ea6\u3001exit25 ( sloan ) \u3092\u51fa\u3066\u5de6\u6298\u3057\u3066 ( i-15\u3092\u304f\u3050\u308b\u5f62 ) \u3059\u3050\u5de6\u5074\u306b\u9ec4\u8272\u3044\u5efa\u7269\u304c\u898b\u3048\u308b\u3001\u305d\u3053\u3067\u3059\u3002 \u53d7\u4ed8\u3067\u306fipad\u3092\u5229\u7528\u3057\u3066\u3001\u8996\u899a\u7684\u306b\u5206\u304b\u308a\u3084\u3059\u304f\u9032\u3081\u308b\u3053\u3068\u304c\u3067\u304d\u307e\u3059\u3002\u308f\u305f\u3057\u9054\u306f\u4e88\u7d04\u3057\u306a\u3044\u3067\u884c\u304d\u307e\u3057\u305f\u304c\u3001\u554f\u984c\u3042\u308a\u307e\u305b\u3093\u3067\u3057\u305f\u3002 \u307e\u305a\u306f\u56fd\u969b\u514d\u8a31\u3068\u65e5\u672c\u306e\u514d\u8a31\u8a3c\u306e\u7528\u610f\u304c\u5fc5\u8981\u3067\u3059\u3002 \u3044\u304f\u3064\u304b\u3042\u308b\u30d1\u30c3\u30b1\u30fc\u30b8\u304b\u3089\u3001\u81ea\u5206\u304c\u4e57\u308a\u305f\u3044\u8eca\u306e\u3082\u306e\u3092\u9078\u3073\u307e\u3059\u3002\u30e9\u30f3\u30dc\u30eb\u30ae\u30fc\u30cblp-550\u306a\u3089\u30d5\u30eb\u30b9\u30ed\u30c3\u30c8\u30eb\u30d1\u30c3\u30b1\u30fc\u30b8\u3001\u306e\u3088\u3046\u306b\u3002\u5468\u56de\u6570\u306f5\u30e9\u30c3\u30d7\u3088\u308a\uff08\u30de\u30c3\u30b9\u30eb\u30d1\u30c3\u30b1\u30fc\u30b8\u306e\u307f4\u5468\u3088\u308a\uff09\u3002\u592b\u66f0\u304f\u30015\u5468\u3060\u3068\u611f\u899a\u304c\u6163\u308c\u305f\u9803\u306b\u7d42\u308f\u3063\u3066\u3057\u307e\u3046\u611f\u3058\u3060\u305d\u3046\u3067\u3059\u3002\u4e88\u7b97\u3084\u6642\u9593\u306b\u4f59\u88d5\u304c\u3042\u308c\u3070\u3001\u5c11\u3057\u5468\u56de\u6570\u3092\u591a\u3081\u306b\u53d6\u308b\u306e\u304c\u304a\u85a6\u3081\u3067\u3059\u3002\u4e57\u3063\u3066\u307f\u305f\u3044\u3060\u3051\u306a\u30895\u5468\u3067\u3082\u5145\u5206\u3002 \u30d3\u30c7\u30aa\u64ae\u5f71\u306e\u30aa\u30d7\u30b7\u30e7\u30f3 ( 79\u30c9\u30eb ) \u306f\u3067\u304d\u308c\u3070\u3064\u3051\u3066\u304f\u3060\u3055\u3044 ! ! \u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30c3\u30d7\u578b\u306eusb\u3092\u6e21\u3055\u308c\u3066\u3001\u3053\u308c\u306b\u30a2\u30a6\u30c8\u30ab\u30e1\u30e9\u3067\u524d\u65b9\u3092\u3001\u30a4\u30f3\u30ab\u30e1\u30e9\u3067\u30c9\u30e9\u30a4\u30d0\u30fc\u3068\u30a4\u30f3\u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u306e\u8868\u60c5\u3092\u64ae\u5f71\u3057\u305f\u3082\u306e\u3092\u4fdd\u5b58\u3057\u3066\u304f\u308c\u307e\u3059\u3002pc\u7b49\u3067\u518d\u751f\u3059\u308b\u3068\u3001\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u4e0a\u306e\u81ea\u5206\u306e\u4f4d\u7f6e\u3001\u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u30e1\u30fc\u30bf\u30fc\u3082\u540c\u6642\u306b\u753b\u9762\u306b\u8868\u793a\u3055\u308c\u307e\u3059\u3002\u3044\u3044\u304a\u307f\u3084\u3052\u306b\u306a\u308b\u4e8b\u9593\u9055\u3044\u306a\u3057\u3067\u3059\uff01 \u3061\u306a\u307f\u306b\u3001\u30ab\u30fc\u30c9\u3067\u652f\u6255\u3044\u3092\u3057\u307e\u3059\u304c\u3001\u7d19\u3067\u306e\u30ec\u30b7\u30fc\u30c8\u306f\u3082\u3089\u3048\u305a\u3001\u30e1\u30fc\u30eb\u30a2\u30c9\u30ec\u30b9\u306b\u9818\u53ce\u8a3c\u304c\u9001\u3089\u308c\u3066\u304f\u308b\u30b7\u30b9\u30c6\u30e0\u3067\u3059\u3002\u8a00\u3048\u3070\u30ec\u30b7\u30fc\u30c8\u3082\u3082\u3089\u3048\u308b\u304b\u3082\u3057\u308c\u307e\u305b\u3093\u3002 \u53d7\u4ed8\u304c\u7d42\u308f\u3063\u305f\u3089\u3001\u60c5\u5831\u304c\u4fdd\u5b58\u3055\u308c\u305f\u8155\u6642\u8a08\u578b\u306e\u30c7\u30d0\u30a4\u30b9\u3092\u3064\u3051\u3066\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u3078\u51fa\u307e\u3059\u3002 \u307e\u305a\u306f\u3001\u30a4\u30f3\u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u304b\u3089\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u3084\u904b\u8ee2\u306b\u3064\u3044\u3066\u306e\u30ec\u30af\u30c1\u30e3\u30fc\u3092\u53d7\u3051\u307e\u3059\u3002\u3082\u3061\u308d\u3093\u82f1\u8a9e\u3067\u3059\u304c\u3001\u30db\u30ef\u30a4\u30c8\u30dc\u30fc\u30c9\u306b\u66f8\u304b\u308c\u305f\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u3092\u793a\u3057\u306a\u304c\u3089\u8eab\u632f\u308a\u624b\u632f\u308a\u3067\u6559\u3048\u3066\u304f\u308c\u307e\u3059\u3002 \u30a4\u30f3\u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u306f\u7686\u3068\u3063\u3066\u3082\u89aa\u5207\u3067\u3059\u3002\u3053\u3061\u3089\u306e\u7247\u8a00\u306e\u82f1\u8a9e\u3067\u3082\u7406\u89e3\u3057\u3088\u3046\u3068\u3057\u3066\u304f\u308c\u307e\u3059\u3002\u5f7c\u3089\u306f\u7686\u3001\u5f53\u7136\u8eca\u304c\u597d\u304d\u306a\u306e\u3067\u3001\u30b9\u30fc\u30d1\u30fc\u30ab\u30fc\u306b\u4e57\u308a\u305f\u3044\u6c17\u6301\u3061\u3001\u597d\u304d\u306a\u6c17\u6301\u3061\u3092\u3068\u3063\u3066\u3082\u3088\u304f\u308f\u304b\u3063\u3066\u304f\u308c\u307e\u3059\u3002 \u3042\u3068\u306f\u30d8\u30eb\u30e1\u30c3\u30c8\u3092\u304b\u3076\u3063\u3066\u3001\u30a4\u30f3\u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u306b\u540c\u4e57\u3057\u3066\u3082\u3089\u3063\u3066\u30ec\u30fc\u30b9\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u4f53\u9a13\u3092\u3059\u308b\u3060\u3051\u3067\u3059 ! ! \u904b\u8ee2\u4e2d\u3082\u82f1\u8a9e\u3067\u6307\u5c0e\u304c\u3042\u308a\u307e\u3059\u3002\u82f1\u8a9e\u304c\u5f97\u610f\u3067\u306a\u304f\u3066\u3082\u3001\u624b\u632f\u308a\u3068\u5358\u8a9e\u3067\u7406\u89e3\u3067\u304d\u308b\u3068\u601d\u3044\u307e\u3059\u3002\u30a4\u30f3\u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u5e2d\u306b\u306f\u30d6\u30ec\u30fc\u30ad\u30da\u30c0\u30eb\u304c\u3042\u308a\u307e\u3059\u304b\u3089\u3001\u5b89\u5fc3\u3067\u3059\u3002 0.5\u30de\u30a4\u30eb ( 800m ) \u306e\u30b9\u30c8\u30ec\u30fc\u30c8\u3067\u306f\u662f\u975e\u601d\u3044\u3063\u304d\u308a\u30a2\u30af\u30bb\u30eb\u3092\u8e0f\u307f\u8fbc\u3093\u3067\u3001\u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u3068\u30b5\u30a6\u30f3\u30c9\u3092\u697d\u3057\u3093\u3067\u304f\u3060\u3055\u3044\u3002 \u540c\u884c\u8005\u304c\u3044\u308c\u3070\u3001\u30ec\u30fc\u30b9\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u306e\u3059\u3050\u305d\u3070\u3067\u3042\u306a\u305f\u306e\u8d70\u884c\u306e\u69d8\u5b50\u3092\u5199\u771f\u3084\u30d3\u30c7\u30aa\u306b\u64ae\u3063\u3066\u3082\u3089\u3046\u3053\u3068\u3082\u53ef\u80fd\u3067\u3059\u3002\u3059\u3054\u304f\u8fd1\u3044\u3068\u3053\u308d\u3067\u64ae\u308c\u307e\u3059\u3088 ! ! \u7d42\u308f\u3063\u305f\u3089\u3001\u3042\u306a\u305f\u304c\u4e57\u3089\u306a\u304b\u3063\u305f\u307b\u304b\u306e\u8eca\u306b\u3082\u3001\u30b7\u30fc\u30c8\u306b\u5ea7\u3063\u305f\u308a\u3001\u5199\u771f\u3092\u64ae\u3063\u305f\u308a\u3057\u3066\u697d\u3057\u3093\u3067\u304f\u3060\u3055\u3044\u3002\u304d\u3063\u3068\u5f7c\u3089\u306f\u305d\u3093\u306a\u65e5\u672c\u4eba\u306e\u59ff\u3092\u559c\u3093\u3067\u304f\u308c\u308b\u306f\u305a\u3067\u3059\u3002 \u904b\u8ee2\u3057\u306a\u3044 \u3067\u304d\u306a\u3044\u4eba\u3067\u3082\u3001\u30b5\u30fc\u30ad\u30c3\u30c8\u4f53\u9a13\u306f\u3067\u304d\u307e\u3059\u300299\u30c9\u30eb\u3067\u30c9\u30ea\u30d5\u30c82\u5468\u3068\u3044\u3046\u3082\u306e\u3067\u3001\u30d7\u30ed\u30c9\u30e9\u30a4\u30d0\u30fc\u306e\u904b\u8ee2\u3092\u52a9\u624b\u5e2d\u3067\u4f53\u9a13\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u304c\u3067\u304d\u307e\u3059\u3002\u308f\u305f\u3057\u306f\u30c9\u30ea\u30d5\u30c8\u306b\u3068\u3063\u3066\u3082\u8208\u5473\u304c\u3042\u308a\u307e\u3057\u305f\u304c\u3001\u3072\u3069\u3044\u8170\u75db\u306e\u305f\u3081\u6ce3\u304f\u6ce3\u304f\u8ae6\u3081\u3066\u3044\u305f\u3068\u3053\u308d\u3001\u30a4\u30f3\u30b9\u30c8\u30e9\u30af\u30bf\u30fc\u3088\u308a\u30c8\u30c3\u30d7\u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u3092\u4f53\u9a13\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u3082\u3067\u304d\u308b\u3068\u63d0\u6848\u304c\u3042\u308a\u3001\u30e9\u30f3\u30dc\u30eb\u30ae\u30fc\u30cb\u30fb\u30a6\u30e9\u30ab\u30f3\u306b\u4e57\u8eca\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u304c\u3067\u304d\u307e\u3057\u305f\u3002\u30d7\u30ed\u306e\u904b\u8ee2\u306f\u307e\u3055\u306b\u30b8\u30a7\u30c3\u30c8\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u30bf\u30fc\u3001\u30b9\u30c8\u30ec\u30fc\u30c8\u3067\u306e\u30c8\u30c3\u30d7\u30b9\u30d4\u30fc\u30c9\u3068\u300112\u304b\u6240\u306e\u30b3\u30fc\u30ca\u30fc\u306e\u30b9\u30c6\u30a2\u30ea\u30f3\u30b0\u3055\u3070\u304d\u306f\u5b9f\u306b\u304a\u898b\u4e8b\u3067\u3068\u3066\u3082\u3044\u3044\u4f53\u9a13\u306b\u306a\u308a\u307e\u3057\u305f\u3002\u3082\u3061\u308d\u3093\u3001\u3053\u308c\u3082\u30d3\u30c7\u30aa\u306b\u53ce\u3081\u3066\u3082\u3089\u3044\u307e\u3057\u305f\u3002 \u5b9f\u306f\u3001\u8ab0\u3082\u4e57\u8eca\u3057\u306a\u304f\u3066\u3082\u3001\u898b\u5b66\u3060\u3051\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u3082\u53ef\u80fd\u3067\u3059\u3002\u53d7\u4ed8\u3067\u898b\u5b66\u306e\u307f\u3068\u4f1d\u3048\u308b\u3068\u3001\u8a93\u7d04\u66f8\u306b\u30b5\u30a4\u30f3\uff08\u30b5\u30fc\u30ad\u30c3\u30c8\u5185\u306e\u5371\u967a\u306b\u3064\u3044\u3066\u627f\u77e5\u306e\u30b5\u30a4\u30f3\u3067\u3059\u304c\u3001\u30b2\u30b9\u30c8\u304c\u51fa\u5165\u308a\u3067\u304d\u308b\u5834\u6240\u306f\u304a\u304a\u3088\u305d\u5b89\u5168\u3067\u3059\uff09\u3057\u3066\u3001\u30ea\u30b9\u30c8\u30d0\u30f3\u30c9\u3092\u3064\u3051\u3066\u3082\u3089\u3063\u305f\u3089\u81ea\u7531\u306b\u30b9\u30fc\u30d1\u30fc\u30ab\u30fc\u3092\u898b\u3066\u89e6\u3063\u3066\u5199\u771f\u3092\u64ae\u308b\u4e8b\u304c\u3067\u304d\u307e\u3059\u3002 \u3053\u308c\u3060\u3051\u3067\u3082\u5145\u5206\u8cb4\u91cd\u306a\u4f53\u9a13\u3067\u3059\u3002 \u73fe\u5728\u306f\u307e\u3060\u4eee\u8a2d\u306e\u5efa\u7269\u3067\u306e\u55b6\u696d\u3067\u3059\u304c\u3001\u73fe\u5728\u30b3\u30fc\u30b9\u5168\u4f53\u3092\u898b\u6e21\u305b\u308b\u3088\u3046\u306a\u5efa\u7269\u3092\u5efa\u7bc9\u4e2d\u3067\u3059\u3002 \u305d\u308c\u304c\u51fa\u6765\u4e0a\u304c\u308c\u3070\u3001\u307e\u3059\u307e\u3059\u697d\u3057\u3044\u65bd\u8a2d\u306b\u306a\u308b\u3068\u601d\u3044\u307e\u3059\u3002 \u3059\u3079\u3066\u306e\u30b9\u30bf\u30c3\u30d5\u304c\u89aa\u5207\u3067\u30d5\u30ec\u30f3\u30c9\u30ea\u30fc\u3002\u65e5\u672c\u8a9e\u3092\u8a71\u305b\u308b\u30b9\u30bf\u30c3\u30d5\u306f\u304a\u308a\u307e\u305b\u3093\u304c\u3001\u305d\u306e\u3053\u3068\u3092\u5fc3\u914d\u3057\u3066\u7d4c\u9a13\u3057\u306a\u3044\u3053\u3068\u306e\u65b9\u304c\u3082\u3063\u305f\u3044\u306a\u3044\u3067\u3059 ! ! \u6b21\u306b\u30e9\u30b9\u30d9\u30ac\u30b9\u3092\u8a2a\u308c\u305f\u3068\u304d\u3082\u307e\u305f\u884c\u304d\u305f\u3044\u3002\u305d\u306e\u6642\u306f\u308f\u305f\u3057\u3082\u4f55\u304b\u3001\u4e57\u3063\u3066\u307f\u305f\u3044\u306a ! ! thank you for the fantabulous experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . so well organized and customer focused . this experience allowed us to see how these cars are meant to be driven . i really enjoyed chatting with kenny and lynnelle , they were very helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would you like to drive over $ 1 million worth of supercars in one day ? yes please ! spent the better part of the day driving some insane machines : ferrari 430 lambo superleggera mercedes mclaren corvette zr-1 porsche 911 turbo the hosts were great , the pre-drive lunch was good , the scenery was good ... but you do n't care about that stuff . the stars of the day were the cars ! they basically tell you two things : `` these cars are powerful so respect them , and you are responsible for your own speeding tickets '' . that 's it ! you get the keys and you drive away without a chaperone . if you are a fan of supercars and want to splurge , do this now . they travel throughout the country and i did this out of san diego so look for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location for cars & coffee every saturday . only drawback is that it is out away from vegas ( about 20 minutes ) and very exposed to wind and dust . had a super turn out of corvettes yesterday . see lots of pictures at http : www.daumphotography.com events corvettes-at-speedvegas", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was great . they had a great selection of cars and the instructors were incredibly professional . it 's a bit of a hike to get to there from the strip , but they have a shuttle that will grab you at your hotel . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hi , best of the best experience , very exciting , next year i get with my son.. certainly ! ! ! best regard , gady israel", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really amazing - driving $ 250,000 cars thru red rock canyon . my wife and i felt completely safe thanks to the expertise and guidance from the very friendly staff . you will be guided by a lead car and chase car and never have to make any sudden decisions as you experience the capabilities of a ferrari , lamborghini , etc . on some beautiful roads . everyone on the staff is a joy to meet and very professional.the best attraction in las vegas ! visited august 2013", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got this perk as a concierge in a hotel and they were very accommodating in my requests . booking this is no hassle.. what a wonderful experience specially for my hubby who is really into cars.. he got to drive his dream car the gtr . plus he , got to try the lambo lp 550 and ferrari italia 458 too . everything about this experience is great , from the office staff who keeps us oriented and checked-in , to our 2 awesome experienced guide instructors who made sure the whole driving experience is fun and safe . all of them are awesome , very friendly and helpful . i will definitely recommend this to everyone looking for this type of adventure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a trip from these guys to red canyon as a gift for my wife 's 40th birthday as she 's still wild . what a great experience that was ! we drove ferrari italia , lamborghini , mercedes mclaren , and audi r80 ! my wife said it was the best gift ever ! the only problem is my wife fell in love with ferrari and all my retirement money will be gone soon so my wife can be driving the beast on regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing experience . you get to drive cars that most people could n't even touch on a real race track . opening day was today and this place is certain to become a must go destination when in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this adventure is a must to add to your bucket list ! my girlfriend bought me this for my birthday and it was the best gift i 've ever had experienced . i got to drive a ferrari , mclaren , and a bentley the power behind theres cars are extraordinary ! the employees are so fun and helpful roland and levi were great help because my girl and i were a little nervous to drive these awesome cars . they talked us though the drive the whole way with walkie talkies in each car . i felt like i was in a movie , it was so much fun . i highly recommend world class driving ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my husband a birthday gift ! we were there on 1 21 2017 . since the moment we came in the door , we felt the kindness and excitement from the crew . everybody was super nice to us , and made my husband so happy . the car that we came especially for it was n't working that day ... , but the crew immediately let us choose a different one , no matter the price ! it 's was a wonderful experience and we will come back soon for sure thank you speedvegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one in a lifetime things you have or most do . everyone was so helpfull , the customer service is top notch . the opportunity to drive such a fleet of luxury cars and enjoying the amazing views are one in a million . worth every penny . ca n't wait to do the muscle car experience next .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was an experience of a lifetime ! i was just going to be a passenger , but i am so glad my husband nudged me to drive . so fun ! ! everyone working here was super knowledgable , safe & courteous . i loved driving on the open road & feeling that edge between safe and scary ! would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! ! 100 % worth it ! the cars were amazing , and surprisingly , the jaguar xk-rs was my favorite ! that thing is so smooth and fast , unbelievable ! the drivers leading the tour were really nice to us , the staff was really helpful as well . i definitely wont forget this experience until i buy my own supercar : ]", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! many thanks to the whole team and especially to my instructor etienne , you did a great job ! hope we can taking a few laps again sometime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try the exotic xl package since it had four cars - ferrari 458 , lamborghini lp560 , audi r8 , & jaguar xkr-s all cars were amazing ( jaguar was the surprise of the day - great car ) ca n't say enough about the crew , this is a well run outfit and worth every penny , will definitely be back ! do it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife found this place by searching online about things to do in vegas . at first i was really excited until i saw the cost . but you only live once so i decided to go for it and hope for the best . i was really excited to drive the exotic cars and it was kind of scary at the same time because of the liability . once i got used to driving the vehicles it was the best experience ever . i wish i had the money to drive the 4 cars . it 's worth every penny and i definitely plan to do it again . if you drive the muscle cars or exotic cars you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the driving experience was truly a great time ! the folks at world class driving really make the incredible cars even better . this was a birthday gift from my wife , one of the best i 've received . ca n't say enough about what a quality experience it was , all as advertised and more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this experience was a blast ! we went on a weekday so red rock was pretty much open ... ( you know what that means ! ) we were able to drive the gallardo performante , ferrari 458 , and the jaguar xkr-s. roger , our guide , was awesome ! he made sure everyone was safe and cautioned us on any road hazards coming up . once it was clear he let us test the cars multiple times ! ! ... ( if you have a female passenger , all you will hear are screams to slow down . haha ! ) if you are in vegas , you must try this ! i would do this again in a heartbeat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was exhilarating . the was quite a stable of cars american , german and italian . i decided to go with the lamborghini huracan . my coach kevin was great , he knew the track well and had me on a great line . he pushed me to get the most out of the lamborghini and my experience . the track had a great layout , a lot of fun curves with a long front straight to really open it up . the one disappointing thing was that is had to end . i ca n't wait to do it again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of course i want to drive a lamborghini , but i only did this to participate for my friend 's 40th bday . i thought this was going to be a `` disneyland '' attraction and i thought the instructor rides along with you to make sure you do n't speed . oh boy was i completely wrong by the opposite ! my coach gil was trying to make a race car driver out of me in 5 laps . my top speed 153 in the huracan . i did n't know it would go down like this until i got to the straightaway and floored it . nobody told me this is no sissy la la ride ! this is straight up jeff gordon stuff . i got out of the huracan glowing and adrenaline pumping ! i 'm coming back and coach gil you 're badass !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! ! ! what an awesome experience . i reserved the nissan skyline gtr for 10 laps . i had my choice between the orange and white one and chose the white one . don and mike were great when it came to teaching me about the track and riding around in the durango to get a feel for the track first and that was fun too . chris was an awesome teacher when it came to racing thru the track with the skyline . what an amazing car and awesome experience all around . i definitely wan na come back and do it again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "son and 2 nephews had an awesome experience here . instructors were very professional , courteous , helpful and made it an extremely fun time for 3 twenty somethings . porsches , ferraris , lamborghinis , mustangs and many others to choose from . highly recommend this for the car enthusiast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished their 3-car tour and it was phenomenal ! drove a 458 italia , lambo & new nissan gtr . very organized place and everything was on time . the staff were very courteous and professional . very easy to talk to and down to earth . the car instructors tour guides - these guys were amazing ! they made the experience what it was . felt extremely safe seeing the limits of what these cars can do , yet your adrenaline is going off the charts . no worries about ever getting pulled over . extremely fun experience and plan on doing it again . hats off to the entire staff and tour guides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is absolutely the best experience i have ever had ! the facility is immaculate ! the staff is friendly , informative , and extremely excited about their job and give customers the most outstanding experience possible ! i would recommend speedvegas to anyone visiting las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "speed vegas was an absolute blast . i 've done some track time in the past and was a little skeptical of what the experience might be but i was blown away . my fianc\u00e9e and i came to speed vegas because i wanted to check the 458 off my list and she was ready , although nervous , for her first track experience . my coach was jimmy , the head driver , he was great . have very good pointers , clear direction , and made sure everything was great . paul was the coach my fianc\u00e9e had in the amg . she was very nervous and told him that . he did an awesome job of getting her familiar and comfortable with the car before even starting it up . once she was set they fired it up and he gave great , clear directions which made her very comfortable . we 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing experience . first class facility . all of the personnel were so nice and helpful . we do wish we could see the times and speed of our drive . it is an extra fee but we think with the amount of $ $ spent , we should at least be able to see specs on a monitor . but besides that , we had a wonderful experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic opportunity . excellent customer service , beautiful cars , would highly recommend to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one word to describe this experience . awesome . if you 've ever wanted to drive a high end sport 's car , you have to do this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two words : no regrets . speed vegas allowed me to drive a mercedes gt-s at approximately 140+ mph . their track will keep you on the edge of your seat and their trainers , who accompany you on your race , guide you through each and every turn while still giving you an ample amount of liberty to step on it . i was a bit thrown off by the price , $ 300 for about 6 laps , but it was definitely worth every cent . plus , they 're investing a lot of money into their renovation so that by itself justified the price . definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guys are professionals . everyone i spoke emailed with was courteous , responsive and friendly . the cars were a blast . i do n't have a lot of experience with performance cars so i may be easily impressed . still , i suspect i 'm like most and in that case , it would be difficult not to be impressed with their selection . the choice of the federal park was smart . gives the potential to really open up the cars and see the handling . one drawback - nothing they can do about it - is that since it 's a public park , there may be other cars trailers on the roads which means you ca n't push the cars . it 's a disappointment but understandable . all in all , this was an experience where i felt i got my money 's worth after the event . i 'd happily do this again . visited july 2012", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le lieu pour d\u00e9couvrir les nouveaux artistes de la sc\u00e8ne montr\u00e9alaise ! les installations sont \u00e9ph\u00e9m\u00e8res , les oeuvres resentent quelques mois avant que l'espace soir repeint \u00e0 blanc pour le prochain artiste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bel endroit \u00e0 visiter ... les oeuvres changent quand m\u00eame assez souvent , mais je trouves cela trop petit . belle petite d\u00e9couverte quand on marche sur ste-catherine . il faut donner une donation de 2 $ minimum ... \u00e7a vaut le coup et si vous donnez plus que 2 $ on vous donne un petit cadeau !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the area - it 's worth your $ 2- $ 5 cad to come and check out this unique gallery . it 's filled with graphic explosions , interesting sentiments and really mind-blowing installation pieces - modern art that is also a true expression of societal mores . street art , to put it plainly . but with a curatorial twist . no weird plastic modules here ! just be aware that some of the artists here really love cheese . just go here . ______________________________________________________________ si vous \u00eates dans la r\u00e9gion - il en vaut la peine 2 $ - 5 $ cad pour venir v\u00e9rifier sur cette galerie unique . il est rempli avec des graphiques explosives , les sentiments intense , et vraiment hallucinant pi\u00e8ces d'installation - une v\u00e9ritable expression de soci\u00e9t\u00e9 moderne . street art , pour tout dire . pas de modules en plastique bizarres ici ! juste \u00eatre conscient que certains des artistes d'ici aiment vraiment fromage . il suffit d'aller ici .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could give them a zero ! the cartridges are more expensive than oem high yield cartridges on amazon delivered right to your door . also many warnings that they must stay below 85 degrees or they leak . are you kidding ! ! ! ! stay away ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is awesome . they always are super helpful and once even gave me trouble shooting tips over the phone to empty our company printers `` waste toner '' ( do n't worry , i did n't know what that was either ) they are friendly , cost efficient and they deliver .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to buy cartridges here all the time , because the price was reasonable and the service basically nice . however , on last visit , owner ( ? ) was incredibly nasty . do n't know what his problem was that day , but with the pricing cheaper from online vendors ( for the same `` generic '' ink ) , i 'll take my business elsewhere from now on . i prefer to support the local economy , but this unpleasant owner makes it difficult to do so ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a small business with 3 employees and i do a fair amount of printing . i have used cartridge world at raintree and the 101 for past several years and think everyone else should . you ca n't beat their prices or service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service today . had receipt on my phone , and he would not refill my cartridges . i have gone here numerous times and this time ruined it for me . will highly not recommend this store to anyone i know . go to staples and buy cartridges , where they also indicated these `` refill '' type of cartridges ruin your printer . so disappointed w this experience and actually shocked at how poor the service was .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "favorite place on earth ! ! this is an incredible place . free tours of a historical village from the early 1800s . the buildings have been restored or rebuilt as replicas . and there is such a neat feeling there . they have tour guides who volunteer and are absolutely wonderful . there is a great movie . it is such an awesome way to learn about the area . there is history of the mormon church and it interesting and they are willing to answer any question . super friendly people ! and at christmas there are hundreds and hundreds of nativities set up . the best place to visit at christmas . fun for everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was raised lds , so coming to a place like kirtland ( which yes , i 'll admit , probably seems entirely random to the average person ) was actually a really interesting experience . some of my ancestors lived in kirtland , so seeing a piece of my personal history was really insightful and something i 'll never forget . my dad , my brother , and i all went on a guided tour around the grounds which is where the mormon church moved to in the 1800s . a lot of these buildings are restored originals where you can see what it was like to be in the village during that time . kirtland itself is actually a really beautiful small town and from what the tour guides told me , it is quite spectacular in the autumn when the leaves change color . the volunteers were very knowledgable and kind young women who told us a lot about the history of the grounds and had fun facts at nearly every turn . really cute tour and fun if you are into local history !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the guided tour , and the grounds . interesting historical perspective on a people who inhabited this area out of necessity , and pretty much desperation , having been driven out of other locales .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had n't been here since probably 2006 . boy , i should have never left . how i missed you , blizzard . i love you , blizzard . why are you even reading this ? you 're wasting you 're time . obviously go to this dq immediately .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mmmmm ... .blizzards ! when i go back to ohio it is a must that i get dairy queen . i mean they flaunt these commercials all over san francisco and one does not even exist here ... it is just not fair . i got my favorite cookie dough and banana- it was extreme and delicious . just wish i could frequent the queen more often ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as far as dairy queens go , this place is always clean , the staff is always friendly ! the chocolate cherry blizzard is my absolute favorite , . it is a great pit stop or a nice place to bring the kids after a game", "score": "5"}
{"review": "red rock casino 's poker room is great . it is perhaps the nicest one in vegas that 's geared towards locals . some things i like about this room include : - comfortable seats - well lit room that is n't smokey - friendly dealers that keep that game moving at a good pace - speedy cocktail waitresses - very helpful poker desk that gets people into games as soon as possible - lbs burger comes by during dinner time to take orders - restrooms are close by so you do n't have to miss many hands i usually play the 4 8 1 2 kill omaha 8 game when i 'm here . pretty good action and the pots are larger than the usual 1 2 no limit game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at the red rock poker room , andrea does n't care about policy or etiquette . she is a `` who you know '' type of manager . my girl and i were next on the list , when all of a sudden we got bumped and a new name appeared . andrea explained that this person was on the list , but was called 3 times and did not respond . the next person was seated and we were next . however the person showed up a while later and she put him at top of the list for whatever reason . policy is , you do n't show when called 3 times your off the list . if you show up again , you go to the bottom . of course this policy does n't apply when andrea is the manager . favoritism at its finest . good thing they have a written policy eh ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the red rock poker room is one of the better station casino poker rooms . it 's got a solid location , near the sportsbook and restrooms . it 's usually pretty busy for a local room , but waits are not too long unless it 's a holiday or something . lots of lower stakes ( $ 1 $ 2 and $ 2 $ 5 ) nl hold em and some low limit omaha as well . lots of regulars , which is probably due to its location as well as the games it spreads . overall , comfortable and friendly dealers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place to play poker . it 's modern like the rest of the casino with tv screens and such . chairs are comfy and newer . it 's not the sun coast folks . and yes it 's nice to have the restroom close by so you can do your thing and come back to throw more chips on the table . staff are friendly and personally i think the place is clean and downright comfortable . things are organized well here . you can see the line queued on screen . feeling hungry ? yup there 's pinks hot dogs which make a pretty good hot dog if you ask me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very busy most of the time and a good place to get in some poker . most of the tables are hold'em but they usually have omaha and a few others depending on the demand . unfortunately they have raised their prices for tournaments by about $ 20 though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful management . i witnessed the dealer accidentally muck a mans hand after he raised and the floor rule his hand dead and left his money in the pot . all while being rude as hell about it . bogus", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poker room is comfy , games are small stakes . friendly dealers . pretty standard as far as small vegas card rooms .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , this is my very first comment on yelp . i went to this location today . everything was usual at the beginning , after i picked the frame , my salesman ( liz ) says i need to wait for empty table to get things done . stand there for 10mins for the free station , sit at the station for another 15 mins ( with no one come to assist ) . okay i 'm patiently enough till liz come to access my profile said '' ok i will find someone to help you '' then she left . me and my boyfriend wait there for 20 mins with no one come . staff pass by me act they are blind until i turn around saw my dear salesman liz sit at the station behind me helping a man come later than me to make purchase . i am so pissed never return to this location and will help advertise this great customer experience to friends : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i made my final purchase there . never going back . they 've p me off twice ( i was prepared to dismiss issues the first time ) . customer service is not their strength . they have one optician who is knowledgeable and professional and that 's where it ends for me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "- takes forever for someone to help you - the `` one year warranty '' is complete bs . if you need to repair anything on your frames be prepared to pay extra ( in my case", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all the associates in this store are extremely friendly . worth to be mentioned is mr. takis . he helped me a lot . he is very patient and professional in giving me suggestions about the pattern of optical frame and sunglasses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found the sales staff to be a bit aggressive . i did n't end up buying anything but felt uncomfortable when they swarmed me at the door . maybe it 's just me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can see why there can be a wide range of opinions on this restaurant . it starts with the pizza . i know there are basically two kinds of crust , thin and thick . old chicago servers the latter , but i think it has a new twist . the crust to me is more like a biscuit dough . it is light and slightly crispy . most people are used to a heavier more substantial dough . i am still getting used to the crust on the pizza here . the pizza is still good , but it makes me think . oh well i think i have to go back for more research and beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first and foremost , i believe this location is closing if it has n't already . a local place to watch a game , work on your tour , or grab a late night snack this place will be missed . in comparison to other oc locations you proved us with a bigger bar area for us to socialize in and in my case , yell at wolverines or steeler fans when those games were on . ( hey , i 'm from ohio . by default i have to be a rival of michigan and pittsburgh ! ) . you had great happy and reverse happy hour deals that kept me coming back . from what i hear , you wer n't doing bad but the rent simply was too high to maintain with a decreased main seating area occupancy . shame on you non-bar goers for not coming in - now where will us late night bar drinkers go in chandler ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "firstly , let me state that i 'm a loyal pizza fun . i love grubbing on pizza , letting the melted cheese drip from my mouth , savouring the delectable treat . so when i saw old chicago which is located a few palrty miles ( if even that ) from my house , i shot through the top of my car . i 've never had the pleasure of visiting chicago , so i ca n't compare notes . however , i was surprisingly pleased by the quality of the food . i ordered a deep dish pizza , and i loved every bite of it . old chicago has a decent drink menu , so if you feel like accompanying your pizza with an ice cold margarita or beer , i promise you wo n't be disapponted . service was great , food was great ! four stars for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow . i 've been her many many times during the day and for late night meals . jaime or on the receipt jlynne is the most miserable server i 've had year to date . unless you 're one of her friends your an inconvenience to her . i even asked her if she was having a bad day after she snapped at me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "damn , that was some good-ass cheese ! happy hour drinks & apps from 3-6 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the deep dish pizza is nothing like pizza from chicago . everytime we go , afterwards we ask ourselves , why did we just go to this restaurant ? the last time we went , everyone in our party felt ill after the meal . plus , the restrooms are disgusting-really now , get someone to clean them up .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am so pissed off , placed a togo order on phone , for chicago style large cheese pizza . i was told to collect the pizza in 15-20 mins . i went there after 20 mins and guess what , my order is not in the system . she asked me if i can wait for another 10-15 mins , she started to place the order in the system , and the system showed pizza to b $ 17.xx , but their online menu has the same pizza for $ 14.xx , i asked her to not put 1 topping large pizza , and just put cheese large pizza . but she didn : t get it ... i got pissed off and came back home . i am not planning to go their again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decent experience at this restaurant . we were greeted promptly by amie , a very nice & courteous server . the food was above average , i had the new artisan sandwich and the wife a house salad . very tasty . lemonade was watered-down and surprised that a soda was over $ 2 . our tab came to $ 19 plus tip . the manager came over and asked about our experience . i let him know we waited about 16 minutes for the food to arrive from the time we placed the order . he said it 's a new menu item and that seemed to be a normal wait time for food . i gave the chefs the benefit of the doubt that maybe there is a learning curve involved with new items . glad the manager came over - look forward to eating here again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another pos circle k gas station . i do n't why , it appears that as one crosses 19th ave going west , phoenix turns into a huge ghetto . at least until you reach 50 or 60th ave , which is glendale , and much nicer . anyway , the parking here sucks , there 's only about five parking spots outside of the gas filling area , and they 're always taken . plus some idiot will park in front of the dvd kiosk - redbox . also , getting back onto dunlap - west can be difficult . the traffic on this road is almost nonstop on weekdays during business hours . lastly , there 's usually two people working here during the day , but only one cashier . even when there 's a line of like 5-6 people . fuck this circle k unless you 're only buying fuel ; it 's just a hassle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this one is located in a not-so-great area of town . also , hard to get in and out of because of its location ... 19th avenue ... lightrail construction will be going on there for at least another year and a half and the whole place looks discombobulated . very shady characters hang around that area , so please be careful there !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is still open - a hell hole - while there is a shiny new one just half a mile down northern . do n't get it but the place is a magnet for bums and tweakers trying to get change . needs to be taken down when the rail comes in because it 's an eyesore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no bathroom , uhhh what kind of gas station is this but however there are two redboxes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fianc\u00e9 spilled dark blue paint on our light brown carpets . randy and his son came out the same day and cleaned the hell out of the stain , and the rest of our carpets . very friendly , good prices . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used randy of horton carpet cleaning today on recommendation from bradley carpet cleaners.. if i could give him more than 5 stars i would ! my tile floors now look like they were just installed , and bedroom carpets are like new ! even the pile is up like newly installed carpet ! ! they`re absolutely amazing ! he arrived exactly the time he said he would also . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a realtor and have used randy horton at several properties that needed carpet cleaning to enhance market value . randy always does an excellent job and i am amazed at the results he obtains . he uses the latest deep clean carpet cleaning technology , his prices very reasonable and he takes pride in his work . randy will measure the actual square footage of carpet to be cleaned so you get an honest and fair price . do n't fall for the cheap per room carpet cleaning ads you may find , they will eat you up with add ons and extras , go with an honest professional , randy horton . i have used other vendors and i highly recommend horton carpet cleaning over the others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've all grown to hate carpet because it is so unpleasant when it gets dirty from everyday use . but randy horton works magic on making carpet look like it has been freshly installed . he also does n't rush the job and is most knowledgeable about his profession and has great customer service skills . i just want to hug my carpets and my carpet man . i definitely will be calling him again and even more frequently now that i know the impossible can be done to keep my carpets looking like new . thank you randy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired randy to get the carpet and grout cleaning in our house.he came over on a very short notice and was very friendly and helpful . we called his previous employer , who was busy and referred him to us and we are glad we got the carpet and floor cleaned by him . he is very patient , reasonable and knowledgeable . not too expensive . if you are first time home buyer , you can try this guy and you wont regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were fortunate to get randy on short notice when house guests gave us short notice for thanksgiving arrival . bradley carpet cleaning service was happy to recommend horton carpet cleaning and it turned out horton had worked with bradley for 12 years . randy is professional , courteous and friendly . in measuring our carpet areas , we think he errored by several square feet in our favor . prices are more than reasonable . what about the carpets ? randy brought our 10-year old carpets back to new condition ! red wine & other stains we had cleaned ourselves to a `` barely noticeable '' condition are gone . the carpet is back to its former loft & feel . even carpet that was under heavy furniture for years came back to its new look ( randy did give some credit to the carpet quality ) . bottom line : we have no reservations in recommending randy of horton carpet cleaning . become one of his customers now before he 's as busy as his friend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randy is extremely kind , patient and honest . he did everything he said he would and did n't try throwing in some extra fees at the end that were not previously discussed . he cleaned our floors wonderfully and i would absolutely recommend him to friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randy cleaned my carpets at my house and wow ! ! what an awesome job , i will not recommend people or companies that i have not done business with and that been said ... .i definitely recommend horton carpet cleaning ! ! two thumbs up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my regular carpet cleaner was booked and i needed to have one big room cleaned for a holiday party on a short notice . ( our little dogs had made a big mess in there and the smell was disgusting ) . randy not only juggled his schedule to come out the same day i called him , but he did an amazing job . he really went above and beyond what i expected and truly saved the day . my carpet looks great and it really feels and smells clean and like new . i highly recommend him . courteous , neat , professional and he knows his stuff . thanks randy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horton carpet cleaning is in a class of their own . we had randy back out to our home recently to clean carpets , and once again he did an outstanding job . the work is methodical and detailed-paying close attention to every aspect of the job , and is only surpassed by how caring and professional his work ethic . before we met randy , we tried many of the big name companies and a few smaller ones , but no one has matched horton 's value and quality . oh , and just so people know , randy has a legit water softener treatment unit as part of his system . this means no hard water , sediment or chlorine going into our carpets and flooring ! the result are deep cleaned , soft carpets which smell clean and fresh ! horton carpet cleaning will continue to be our go-to expert in carpet and flooring care . big thanks , randy dave & gloria chandler , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommended . made our carpet look brand new , and that is no exaggeration . on top of that scheduling with randy was a breeze . will definitely use again in the future ! -paul & monica", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are extremely pleased with the service provided by randy from horton carpet cleaning . he showed up on time , completed a walk-through and was very thorough in the cleaning of the carpets in our condo in chandler . he checked for pet damage with a black light and then pre-treated those spots . i think he was here about 2 hours and we are very happy with how clean and fresh our carpets are now . randy is a very personable , nice guy and we will have him back without question when we need carpets , upholstery or tile cleaned . thanks randy for your excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "randy was right on time and did the best job ever . my carpeting has n't looked this clean in years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super experience with randy from horton carpet cleaning . arranged to meet him at a rental house i manage for a carpet cleaning appointment . when we arrived we found that the electricity had been turned off . randy waited while i found out from the electric company that there was an outage in the neighborhood . he waited with me a good long time before we decided to try again for the next day . the following day , randy showed up , on time , did a fantastic job on the carpets , and i was able to charge it to my miles credit card ( which is always a bonus ! ) horton carpet cleaning will have my future business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awwwww , no chilli dogs til fri , sat , sunday ! i really wanted that chilli dog ! also the beer i like it 's seasonal , so i will have to return in the fall for the brew i like . but it was a good experience . i tried the crunchy dog . it was different ... ..since they did n't have the chilli dog , i was forced to try something else . do n't get me wrong , it was good , but you know when your mouth is watering for what you want , and it 's not available ... ... ... yea ! service was good , and quick . no issues with that . i will be back on a fri , sat or sunday for a chilli dog !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time was good ! second time i found out they only make chili on the weekends , it was ok but disappointing . third time it was a cold hotdog , not impressive . also i think their chili changed from the first time . im just so confused about this place but i 'm going to give it 3 stars instead of the two i initially planned to give it after my 3rd visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved the fact how cute and small this place is . we arrived around close to closing time and boy was it delicious ! vegan dog with green sauce , jalepe\u00f1os , spicy mayo , and avocados filled me.up buttercup ! loved the fact that they served beer too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i want another ! ! excellent little spot in container park in downtown las vegas . these originally-crafted hot dogs are truly one of a kind and make you wonder all this time why you 've been eating hotdogs with just ketchup & mustard . note : they have turkey dogs for you health nuts and vegan dogs for you even crazier health nuts", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this so was good ! ! ! it was amazing after the wine festival ! i love hots dogs . and i also have variety such as turkey , vegan , and beef !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummmy ! ! ! ! ! ! this is our first time eating here , we heard about it through our co-workers , we bought the calzone and the greek salad , my friends says it is a solid 5 5 , the place was clean , the people were awesome and the salad was fresh and plenty as well , we will be going back again.thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this pizza ! deeeeeelicious . no complaints here . kind of hidden in one of the many plazas along mayfield . a find ! good service and prices , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have no idea why anyone would rate this place anything but amazing ! the pizza is great and the place is always clean ! owner are there always making sure everything is in tip top shape ! a+++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty mediocre pizza . crust reminded me of cardboard . probably on par with hot and ready shops . there are much better options in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i suspect this pizza shop is closed ! ! they were not open as of 6 10 17 when we arrived to place an order about 7 pm . phone rings and connects to an answering machine login . hours have been removed from the door . two weeks ago they had a note on the door indicating they were closed for the memorial day weekend and will reopen . also their hours were bizarre . a pizza shop that closes at 10:00 pm on a saturday ? ? really ? ? its too bad because we really liked the pizza !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time ordering from here and it 's amazing ! not greasy at all , the crust is to die for , the place inside is immaculate ! ! ! we live across the street and will be regular customers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my new laptop its so fast ! it turns on in like 10 seconds , my last laptop took over 5 minutes . they even helped me setup my printer remotely for free that was so cool . thank you horstman computers ! i will definitely go back in the future and recommend this place to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "consummate professionals . great service and extremely efficient . very knowledgeable and willing to advise . initially consulted to run cat6 throughout my home which could have resulted in a ton of drywall repairs i had not budgeted for . ultimately their knowledge and suggestions resulted in converting phone lines to ethernet and not only came in well under quote , also did not require a single drywall repair . will absolutely use again and refer to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible response time . wonderful service . jason and his team at horstman is the best there is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend you go elsewhere , i have had several bad experiences with several of the sales and service staff . on multiple occasions i had to ask to be helped while all the employees were just standing around . i have been upsold several times when the work was n't needed and am out several hundred dollars . my new cadillac dealer was shocked at some of the sales tactics used by coulter . they have been very honest with me , even telling me when certain services are actually required and which ones i can hold off on . i have no interest in going back and its worth the extra 30 minute drive to my new dealer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service department is scamming people . paid them 3,000 for them to take a shot in the dark at finding out what was wrong with my car . they choose wrong and guess what ? ! two months later my car came up with the same problem and they said my work is n't under warranty . the problem was never fixed ! ! ! how are you guys not experts on the cars that you make ! ? ! ? do n't waste your money here the machanics do n't know what their doing or looking at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my car in . not even a year old and the puddle lamp went out . did n't even bother to call us to say it was n't covered under the factory warranty , replaced it and wanted to charge us sixty dollars . nice ! way to go mark ! ! i ca n't wait for the survey !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amateur hour bs . called , had an appointment set up to test drive car . magically that car had been sold . then brought around a more expensive one ( uh , bait and switch much ? ) . we left , then they called 30 minutes later and `` found '' the original car at another dealer . seriously guys ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "save your time and take the business elsewhere . i had 3 cadillac before , cts , srx and escalade . recently want buy a 2016 new model escalade esv from this dealer . the representative said the car will be ready by the time i get there . and when i called them 10 minutes before the appointment time since i 'm only 10 minutes away , the representative said i have to show my face first ? are you joking ? called the sales manager right after , and found out that representative alison never even communicate with any sales and car was at another dealer and they never pulled car out and will not able to do that for couple hours ? she is such a lair , no one has time to waste like her since her low profile . took my business same day at arrowhead cadillac and bought my new model escalade esv there . save your time and let other dealer around valley make the money . they will be out of business soon ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i get treated with respect , my car gets service and a car wash too . two thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for being a car salesman this place is doing well . no pressures , many offered advice , and listening . honest , i know honest is something you do n't normally associate with car sales persons , but i feel they are honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an update regarding gm cadillac -- - since my last update i 've sold both of my cadillac xlr 's ( also known as very expensive paperweights , due to gm cadillac 's decision to stop making replacement parts for the xlr ) . whew -- - i 'm so relieved to unload those xlr 's before they became nearly worthless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor service . took my car to the shop because engine had a clicking noise . told me the engine to my 2012 luxury suv was going out and will cost me $ 7000 to $ 9000 . i said `` no thanks '' . charged me $ 250 for the diagonistics . after i took the car home , clicking sound went away . had similar dishonest experience at earnhardts in chandler . told me my battery was dead after i dropped it off . i told them i needed to call aaa as it is still under warranty . miraculously the battery became good again . dishonest service shops . will be selling my 2 cads . never will be back as a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we purchased a 2017 cadillac xt5 and love the car ! we wanted the platinum edition and our salesman sunday and his manager chris block worked hard to find us exactly what we were looking for ! derrick spent the time with my wife to teach her about all the exciting options and how they work ! great job coulter cadillac !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove from huntington beach ca to tempe az and when i went to put the 3rd row power seats down in my 2015 gmc denali , it would n't work . i was in a mess as i could n't load my denali to come home . i pulled into the service area of coulter and fernando ruiz asked what i needed . i told him the trouble i was having with the seat . fernando checked it and said if i had time he would take it to the service crew to at least get the seat down so i could get home . the crew not only got the seat down but fixed it as well . ( it was a loose wire ) they then offered to have it washed for me as well as offering my mom and i cold waters . i was on my way in 30 minutes and very happy with the customer service at coulter . it was so awesome to pull into a dealer out of the state where i purchased my denali and be treated so well ! thank you fernando and service crew ! ! ! tina zappia", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great buying experience . no pressure , no games , no prolonged negotiations . chris block and john skoko were very courteous , patient and professional . i was extremely impressed that john was willing to drive to our home the next night to train us on the vehicle features since it became so late the night of the purchase . i was very impressed all the way around . i look forward to sending customers your way . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a representative , erin , called me to inform me that coulter tempe had amazing specials and i should make an appointment with the manager to find out more . out of curiosity , i confirmed an appointment with the manager chris . i showed up to the dealership and chris promptly handed me off to someone who had no idea as to why i was there . no one knew what `` specials '' erin was talking about . it was one bad situation after another . the salesman i was handed off to , was great . when i finally found a vehicle that i was interested in , the car did n't start ; and it was a new vehicle on the showroom floor ! the salesman still gave me the quote on the vehicle and even though it did n't start , they still wanted me to pay full price for a brand new car with a dead battery . the whole experience was a waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "john skoko , fleet manager is one of the best automotive sales people we have ever worked with . highly knowledgeable about the vehicles he is selling and provides outstanding customer service . no bs or high-pressure sales tactics . clear , concise communication and very responsive . we had a great experience at coulter cadillac tempe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a happy and satisfied customer . a few years back my wife and i purchased a used 2010 chevrolet equinox from coulter tempe , our first major purchase as a married couple . this vehicle was flawless , priced to perfection , and they even beat my credit unions interest rate of 1.89 % . recently , i backed into the garage and caused a lot of damage to the rear lift gate door . i have to say . their service department rocks ! thank you vicente , mark turner , and staff for taking the time to repair the damage i caused . my wife and i are grateful that our equinox looks brand new again . you guys are professional , flexible , listened , and exceeded all of our needs . i would recommend your dealership to my family and closest friends . if you are looking for a vehicle , or need repairs . look no further . this is the place ! thank you , tim & rachel goss", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved my experience at coulter tempe yesterday leasing my new gmc terrain ! sales rep , john skoko was extremely helpful , professional , and not the least bit 'pushy ' . i 've purchased at least 5 cars here over the years , and leased my previous gmc terrain at coulter also . i 've been using the same service tech , angie benjamin , for several years -- another superstar ! the whole process yesterday was smooth , even the finance guru brad , who handled all that paperwork you need to sign . hard to believe there are actually a couple of negative reviews -- in about 19 years , i 've never had a negative experience at coulter tempe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , so this dealership has won over my wife and i for life ! ! ! we own a 2008 buick enclave that we had an issue with . brought it into the service department , and jianna ( sorry if i spelled it wrong ) was super friendly . absolute opposite of some other dealer employees we have dealt with lately . she was very helpful , and understanding of our situation . management at coulter needs to do what they have to in order to have her around . to be honest , we did n't have any issue with anyone we dealt with there . the techs are super knowledgeable , and had no problem explaining what was going on . this is our first buick , we have had it about a year , and our experience with this dealership has completely sold us on buick 's . end of next year , when it 's time to get another vehicle , we will absolutely be back to coulter tempe . thank you for allowing myself and my wife to feel comfortable with a dealership again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome dealership ! john garcia and brad b. in the finance department were great to work with . we had been to a dealership prior to checking out coulter that made me want to take a bath when i left , they were so slimy . at coulter we had a completely different experience . classy salesmen , no haggling , fair trade-in , over all smooth process . we love the 2004 gmc yukon we purchased and will go see john garcia again when we purchase our next vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a pleasant , low pressure experience . kelly o'hara is such a great guy to work with . i fell in love with a roadster at coulter , but he let me do my due diligence by checking out other cars at other dealerships . and politely stayed in touch . it did n't take me long to realize the coulter team was unique . they knew their cars better than the other dealers , and made the whole experience easy and stress free . other dealerships did n't seem to know a thing about the cars they were trying to sell . and could n't even be bothered to have them ready for my appointment . i obviously returned to buy from kelly , and could n't be happier with my purchase , and the warranty . buying a car is n't an every day occurrence for most of us , so make it a good experience at coulter and ask for kelly or randy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an issue with the original repair and fernando and jd , ( name corrected ) took my vehicle in promptly and fixed the problem at no charge . that 's service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my third cadillac i have bought from this dealership . i love the great service they give to their customers . when my escalade needs serviced they pick it up at my home , and deliver it back to me the same day . i never have to change my schedule or sit in a lounge waiting for it to be serviced . my escalade is always returned to me with a beautiful car wash and the interior cleaned . this is a great dealership to do business with . i guess that 's why i keep going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my car had a recall and i made an appointment with my service advisor karen parker . she informed me that my appointment would take a couple hours . i went to the waiting area with my book to await my car repair . the room was so cold that i was shivering . karen came by to see how i was doing and to let me know it would not be much longer . she noticed how cold it was and came back with her own jacket so i would be warm . we have been loyal customers of coulter tempe for 15 years and karen is one of the reasons we keep coming back . thanks coulter for employing such a fabulous advisor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was by far the best experience i have ever had when purchasing a car . it was a pleasure working with both sunday and randy . sunday ensured everything went smoothly and constantly kept me updated . he walked me through the vehicle and answered all my questions . he was always sincere , geniune , straight to the point , and honest . when purchasing my next car he will definitely be my first contact . both sunday and randy are great assets to coulter , were very pleasant to work with , and made this an overall great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my issue is not with dealership but rather the extremely poor quality of the 2017 xt5 . the vehicle had less than 6,000 miles and had a failed heater core and failed parking assist module . heater core failed while i was on a road trip to las vegas . had to leave the vehicle there for a week and then return since the local dealer did not have the part in stock . got home and within a week the parking assist module failed . now to add insult to injury gm is deciding whether or not to reimburse me for my out of pocket cost . this is such bs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what an awesome experience today , bought the suv i wanted no hassle . brain was a awesome salesman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ran into some turbulence with my service experience . however , after bringing this to the attention of mr. ruiz the service director my issue was swiftly taken care of . i would highly recommend coulter tempe to anyone looking for a vehicle or service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . bill moorehouse was very nice and great to work with purchasing our beautiful buick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a 2015 terrain . friendly staff . got a call two weeks later with a better loan . so far so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience working with bill moorehouse at coulter motors company tempe . my partner and i did not feel pressure at all . we told bill what we were looking for and he found us a beautiful cadillac . just the right size for our needs . we will for sure refer any of our friends to coulter motor and especially to bill moorehouse ... thank you dennis h. james k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we purchased a 4wd 2015 yukon denali on saturday 12 19 from a superb team of professionals at coulter . the 4 wd model was not immediately available on the lot , so the sales person , bill , offered to search inventory for the vehicle and found one at the dealership which turned out to be a perfect fit for us . he was very helpful in assisting with finding discounts and rebates , making the purchase process very streamlined . thanks to the entire team for their friendliness and assistance in finding the perfect car for our family ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "120 % percent satisfied with everything ! this place is awesome , great hookahs and excellent staff . oh and you need to try the garlic fries with siracha-ranch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall good customer service . had the server katie . took care of us very well . the mini donut things with a side of chocolate were extremely tasteful . one thing i shall say . throughout the glamour and the service . there hookahs were n't the best . i smoke a lot , and i have not had a bowl burn so quick . we had three hookahs . all brought out at once . and all three burnt out the same . the staff was very good on fixing that problem . again real good service . good spot . just work on the hookah preparation .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great spot to smoke . they use starbuzz hookahs , clay bowls , and starbuzz coconut coals . price was good and bowl was packed perfectly . we came into town for a convention relating to smokeshop lounges as we own one ourself and these guys are definitely running it right . living up to the starbuzz name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is chill , nice and clean . went on a tuesday night , few people there . service was good and quick . hookahs were good . down here in so cal prices are a bit better than this place . check it out", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starbuzz hookah lounge is a chill spot to get your hookah on . not a boom box , nice place to come and conversate with friends or soulmate . the music is up to date , up beat , but cool mixed with an occasional banger for the young guns . jake and wael did a great job with the place , lots of comfortable seating , spaced appropriately , your involved , but with a feeling of privacy . lauren is awesome ! she is attentive and takes pride in her service . i recommend mint tea by the pot ! the hookah is unlimited on refills ! who else even does that ! makes you feel like your family . shukrun starbuzz hookah lounge : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the nicest hookah lounge i 've ever been to . the decor , choice of tobacco , and service is top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the girls are great , great flavors , and good hookahs . it 's been a while since i cared enough to go to a lounge so when i do i will be coming here . starbuzz is my favorite brand along with fumari ( their lounge in san diego.. do n't do it . absolutely horrible . ) they have some mixes that they wo n't tell anyone but they 're really good ! i love how big it is and how they have a tv .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . best in vegas . anthony took great care of us . service was great took us a little while to get our hookah but it was worth the wait . great flavors . clean hookahs . def will be back when i 'm around here . i 'm very picky with my hookah and they got it on point . plus i bought one of their newest hookahs and i love it . even though it was a little pricy but worth it . thanks guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was visiting vegas from la , i was craving hookah and found this spot , i am so happy i did , customer service is excellent and the staff really cares about your experience , manager derek was really helpful and friendly and lawren made a bomb hookah i would defiantly recommend this lounge , and thus is coming from a very picky hookah enthusiast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been to a hookah lounge before so i did n't have any expectations . went with my mom and sister while we were in vegas and was pleasantly surprised . this location is decorated very well , clean and the staff was friendly . bonnie was such a gem . they offer food and non-alcoholic drinks , too . pricing is n't high for the quality of service and hookah you recieve . my sister , a hookah extraordinaire , was really impressed with our entire experince by the way . we will be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "starbuzz hookah lounge is probably the best hookah lounge in the las vegas area . walking into this establishment you are welcomed with great people . the lounge is very spacious . all their hookahs here are the starbuzz american made hookahs . and obviously they serve starbuzz shisha . i 've been to other lounges in vegas and this one blows the others out of the water . besides hookahs they also serve food . did n't look into the food too much , but it did look good . although a little off strip it 's worth the drive or cab out . my only 1 complaint is that their mouth tips are a little short . lips get really close to touching the hose tip . not a deal breaker though . just me being picky . haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall superb experience . the service , food , and hookahs are top notch . the new hookah 's produced by starbuzz are amazing . the atmosphere and decor is exquisite and very welcoming . the service staff are very helpful and come around and check on you often . the hookahs are awesome and the flavor choices as well as house mixes are great . definitely try the donut bites and signature sandwiches ! highly recommend this lounge if you are looking for great atmosphere , having a great hookah , and enjoying excellent food and service . location is just off the strip so great if you are coming from out of town ! by far my best hookah lounge experience in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome , visiting from san diego for a friend 's birthday in las vegas and decided to drop by here because were avid hookah smokers and i have to say this place is excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you looking for a good time including hookah , friends , and a breathtaking atmosphere ? look no longer , once you take a step into the starbuzz hookah lounge you know you have found what you have always been looking for . everything here from hookah , mocktails , appetizers , to entrees is perfect enough to please the toughest critic . if you are looking to have a good night stop by , say hi , and smoke some fantastic starbuzz tobacco .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is good affordable nice people and the service is great the people are really friendly if you want to relax and just have a nice time this is the place , the manager likes anime and thats incredible : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally a real nice hookah place here . been wanting to get my smoke on . nice set up and good music for you all . i defiantly recommend this spot to everyone . the location is around is nice as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to smoke and hangout . love drinking pi\u00f1a colada and smoking . sadly i 'm given it a four rating because it 's suppose to be laid back but the music was so loud and no one could hear each other on a friday night to the point we got headache . we totally come back with how cheap the prices were .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the hookah , great place , nice service , good foods , wonderful place for hookah in las vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is the best hookah in town , staff is very friendly , prices are reasonable , parking is easily available", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first visit : 1 star . i went with my friends and picked star buzz because it seemed nice . we ordered drinks and the glasses were seriously filthy . we ordered a popular hookah flavor and did n't taste right , which happens so we asked for another . still tasted pretty bad . our server was rude and took forever to get back to us the whole time and it was slow that night . we still were polite . i talked to the head manager and told him everything and he seemed genuine and apologized . 2nd visit : 3 stars . our server was jasmine amd she was great . the hookah was better . i could tell they made changes . i asked for the same manager to compliment the server and tell him i was glad i came back and he said he remembered me `` oh yeah your the one that complained '' . long story short , ok place , but the customer service is seriously lacking . dont bother `` complaining '' just leave . you would think paying how much you do there they would be nicer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! ! derrick and anthony are the best ever ! ! ! ! the hookah is always amazing , lasts long , and never has a bad taste . love the decor and just the customer service . overall i 'll be coming here regularly and inviting many of my friends . it 's my favorite spot and it 's becoming my friends favorite spot as well . there drinks are yummy and the food items are great as well . i will always be a regular here from now on ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience ! and a repeating customer ! i 've been to many , many hookah lounges out here in las vegas henderson . great design , the layout is beautiful and the couches and chairs are made to relax and have a good relaxing smoke session ! the staff is always friendly and helpful picking out flavors to smoke . my favorite is cactus cooler ! the hookahs are very clean and tall enough to be placed on the floor without being on your table in the way of everything . although the food is slow it 's great ! make sure to try the garlic fries , so good ! the hookah is 30 $ unlimited for one hookah per two people witch is perfect ! overall i give this place 5 stars , they need to work on the speed of the food , but i come about 2-3 times a week and i 'll keep on coming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "use to be a great service place when david was in came in one night and service was bad after that ! spotted a roach on the couch . our girl serving is came every so and then kept having to call for help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here on a saturday and was n't impressed.. there were about 10 people.. venue was extremely small and tight spaced.. there was only one waitress.. when we were finally seated it took about 10 minutes to get our non alcoholic beverages ( no alcohol here ) then we were disappointed to find out the kitchen was closed.. this was before 1am on a saturday night.. service is slow.. no food after a certain time unsure what the cut off time was.. i will update my review once i am able to experience this lounge hookah with the full effect .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "starbuzz hookah is the best lounge in las vegas ... great hookah , great food , amazing customer service ... everyone is so nice here ... hookahs are clean and overall just a very classy place to go ... i recommend the doughnut bites for food and black peach mist black mint to smoke ... i live in orange county and i 'd make the 3 hr drive to come here ... job well done", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here twice because i love the starbuzz brand . much different than the ones in california . service was good but the hookahs are not . i came here twice . first time i had cactus cooler and that was n't good . i had it before in cali and it was amazing . they do n't have pineapple heads which was available at other starbuzz lounges . second time i got the billionaires mix which was supposed to taste like fruits and all of the hookahs basically had no flavor . i 'm regretting coming here the second time . i told the waitress that i do n't taste any flavors and she claims she does . i 've smoked hookah pretty regularly for 20 years so i know what it 's supposed to taste like.. skip this place and try another one if you care about the hookah . the place can fit about 60-70 people and right now there are 2 people .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent shisha , awesome service . big smiles , very attentive and really knowledgeable . i 'd be a regular if i lived in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is chill as hell ... . they play what you request , they have great deals on hookah and the flavors are fantastic . `` ask what they recommend '' . service is on point and the establishment is clean and friendly ... . you can even play xbox and eat food from their kitchen ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped here for a friend 's birthday . very fast service , the staff was extremely friendly and helpful , and the hookah was good . they had alcohol free `` mixed drinks '' which we thought was hilarious , those were good as well . multiple wait staff would stop if they thought you might need anything , even if they were n't your primary server . the seating was also pretty unique and the atmosphere was really nice . ca n't stress friendly service enough . rated 5 stars for the whole experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely loved this place great hookah and great ambiance there 's music and it 's not too loud . the hookah is smooth reasonable prices ! the mocktails are great . i recommend sex with a princess for the hookah flavor and a passion fruit mojito mocktail they 're all very sweet but i love sugar ! the service was great even though they 're not always around but when they were they were great constantly changing our coals . they do check id at the door . it 's very clean and they play some funny things on the tvs", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cool , laid back spot . no alcohol : ( staff was really friendly . this is a great spot to go to after hours or just to unwind . we went on a friday . they have a dj on friday and saturday nights . great music ! off the strip , so great for locals and under 21 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a pretty awesome place ... .really great hookah and a large variety of shisha . nice atmosphere and music . i love the ambiance and mood of the place . the service was prompt and professional . they are knowledgeable in their craft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible place . came here in a saturday night , place was half empty and now i know why . hookah was n't that great . the nachos were the worst , and they did n't have half of what was on the menu . we were there for 20 minutes and bounced out of there . i hope all businesses succeed but i do n't think this one will . i do n't understand all the good reviews of this place ! never coming back here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome and only because the male manager was sooooo welcoming and so kind ! he really knows how to make girls very happy and in the best way lol ! amazing experience ... never thought i 'd have so much fun drinking water and smoking a hookah !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place.. great environment.. went with my cousins and had great fun.. will be back..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i heard starbuzz has opened a hookah place so i wanted to try it . unfortunately this was a very bad experience . the waitress had an attitude . very bad costumer service . plus they charged us minimum because we were 4 people and one of us did n't want to smoke , eat or drink . this bp lace does n't worth the try dont waste your money . there are better hookah places to go to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best hookah lounge derek fixed my problem ! he packed better and made me a very good bowl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously the best hookah lounge in vegas ! great customer service here , the flavors are unique , and the food is super tasty ! ever since my first visit i come here very often . price is pretty good too especially for hookah that lasts as long as this before you get another refill . its pretty awesome . i have no negative comments about this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is so miserable here do n't bother asking them for anything . they server gave us attitude after cancelling because we waited so long to her friend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the good : the hookah was awesome . all starbuzz flavors . if you do n't enjoy starbuzz tobacco then this probably is n't the place for you . we had a great mix of blue mist , mint , and pink . yum ! the environment is super clean , and and hookahs are also always clean . the baldish : i am not sure if their ac was not working but my whole two hour experience felt as if i was outside the entire time . the service and staff other than , ty , the server , were not attentive . we asked for coals about 3 times before getting them . but that would be all the bad , other than that . i totally suggest checking it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was not good at all according to what my friends told me . worker was rude and had no common sense he didnt let me in when i have a full grown beard and iam 28 just because i didnt have a id . on top of tha place is dead dont come here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never been here but they let someone with a stolen credit card charge ~ $ 200 without asking for identification .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although i 'm not a huge fan of starbuzz tobacco this is definitely the cleanest and nicest lounge in vegas . the servers seem to change every other time i go in , but derrick is always very friendly , even with his quite personality . definitely recommend trying it out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually dont do the bad reviews at all . but here when we get in there , there was a girl with a red hair , she was so rude to us and she had toooo much attitude . highly recommended to not go there and worst costomer service . plz avoid this hookah lounge : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has the best hookah in town ! ! ! first off , the atmosphere is pretty chill with comfy couches , dim lighting , and a mix of hip hop and electronic music . they have a dj on fridays . it is n't too crowded or crammed . they have a console to play xbox or playstation if you 're up for it . i 've been to a lot of hookah places in vegas and this place - by far - has the smoothest , tastiest flavors . the smoke never gets harsh . they use starbuzz brand tobacco and american-made hookahs . anthony makes the best bowls , and is a great server , so always try to catch him if you can . the best flavors are cactus cooler and mob boss ( like someone said above me ) . if you want to try something different , go for the cleopatra flavor . one downside would be that they do n't serve alcohol ... but that 's why you pre-game ; ) ! check this place out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very chill place ! stopped by for a double date anniversary date , and not to mention the deal was hard to beat and the food was very yummy ! as well as the employees were very welcoming , friendly and helpful when refilling or shifting the coal around , or simply approaching if we needed any help tips recommendations of flavors , and would make friendly chit chats with us . the only teeny downside was maybe on that day or something , the music was a tad too loud , kinda made me dizzy , but other than that-very neat place . : ) )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update i went on a fairly busy night and it was a tool fest . the dj was playing off a mac book playlist and did n't start at the time he was supposed to . also ac was popping and causing a loud annoying noise , but that 's not their fault i do n't think . i may not come back here until i see a few changes in atmosphere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hookah was good . lounge was nice and had a good feel . service was really bad . the waitress forgot to bring my friend his drink and we had to order a second time from someone else . overall i would come back if the service improves . plenty of parking and dress code was casual", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fourth time here and trying happy hour . fountain drink and appetizer free from 5pm to 8pm . i got the chips and sides : refried beans , red salsa , and guacamole . salsa and beans remind me of old el paso , but guacamole is really good . service and hookah is top notch like always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time was good when david was here but the second time this lady she has no customer service at all ! like seriously , we got ta ask her to do this do that she never anticipates us ! geez , ai n't coming back here no more ! sucked up my day", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would think that any hookah bar outside of utah would be ten times better no matter what . especially las vegas , the sheesh made us all sick and we all left with stuffy noses because there is no air , just fans . who puts fans in a hookah lounge ? we want to do tricks and have fun . not to mention the music is so low you can barely hear it . the servers were nice but definitely the worst hookah lounge i have ever experienced . and extremely over priced . paid $ 100 for the most disappointing las vegas hour of my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was not impressed in the least - first , four adults we placed in the farthest corner of the restaurant , so close to the wall and next table , the two females could barely get out . ordered minestrone - seemed like a safe way to go - wrong ! bland , even after adding salt and pepper - just not good . then ordered beet and tomato salad - 2 beets cut in half and 2 thin slices of tomato - $ 9 bucks ! other patron ordered caesar salad - really - 3 romaine whole ( very small ) leaves , croutons and a whole anchovy on top - if it looks like and worm and tastes like a fish - its an anchovy - why it was not incorporated into the dressing is beyond me . male counterparts ordered lasagna but was just ok - and next day ran into some who ate there the night before and was sick from eating the mussels . too many other restaurants around this area to go here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible business . your typical mall kiosk vendor . liars . did n't mention return policy - because they wo n't allow returns . only exchanges . horrible product that you would n't want make any sort of exchange . shameful . no stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'd give 0 stars , if i could . i asked before i bought the makeup , if i could return it . i was told , yes , do n't worry about it . went back a couple hours later and was told by the same person , no returns . so i 'm now out $ 140 got 2 products . the makeup separated on my face after an hour making it look think and caked out . awful ! i wish i looked at yelp before , looks like i 'm not alone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome experience at avondale mazda ! ! i had the best car buying experience of my life today when i purchased a mazda 3 s touring at avondale mazda . this easy-to-do-business-with dealership blew away their competition . from ollie ( our salesperson ) to jason ( sales manager ) and david ( general sales manager ) we were treated professionally and courteously while negotiating a smokong deal on a 36 month lease . maybe it 's because they do n't pay commissions to their salespeople , but whatever the reason , two other dealerships did n't come close to the deal that avondale mazda gave us . thank you avondale mazda for your courtesy and consideration . i highly recommend this dealership for anyone looking for a new or used automobile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently purchased a 2013 mazda 3 from avondale mazda . had wonderful service from jose melo . great salesman , was n't pushy and wanted to help us as much as he could . although we could n't walk away with the vehicle we originally wanted , the service we received was outstanding and still left more than satisfied . thank you jose and the staff at avondale mazda ! we hope to make our next purchase here as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got an ad in the mail from this company saying that if you came in you would get a free gopros `` no purchase necessary '' . this was a lie . other than the typical hour long sales pitch , you actually get a certifate that you need to mail and pay a $ 59.99 p & h fee . then to top it off it 's for a `` gopro ( like ) '' camera instead of an actual gopro . long story short , if they are going to pull all this to get you in the door can you really trust them to give you a good deal on a car ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've gone to this location a few times . each time i 've gone i 've ordered spicy and received mild . i 'm not sure why it 's difficult to give someone the food they ordered . especially when you read their order back to them . both times it has been a monthly special . meaning they should be cooking a certain amount to keep up with demand and speed . i also ordered double fries the last time i went , and my wife ordered fries with red beans and rice ... they gave us both red beans and rice ... i think i 'm going to avoid this location from now on", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food . quick drive thru . never disappoints . the biscuits are way better than kfc . their shrimp baskets are great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to popeye 's almost four years ago and i had good service . last saturday ... no ! i had to repeat my order three times , i wanted the dinner ( which included pop ) , but i got the combo , so i had to get a pop from a hot dog vendor ! keep this up and there 'll be a new business there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mistake of my life ! ! ! i 'm in the drive thru now and have been so for the past 42 minutes ! stuck between cars and ca n't get out of line to go home ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! do n't come to this location , i 'd rather sleep hungry then buy food here ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "popeye 's always has those nice looking commercials that lure you in . i like cajun food . it looks like you will have a good meal . first of all , they often do n't have the special items they advertise . do n't ask me why . also , they are notoriously slow in getting the food cooked and ready to go . do n't let the commercials lure you in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tastey fast food chicken in tremont . $ 6 gets you 3 chicken strips , a side , biscuit and drink . cheap and warm . about what you expect from fast food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time this year i went here and they messed up my order . went back again today and the order was messed up too . took about 20 minutes in the drive thru too . the car 2 ahead of me got their order , then pulled to the exit , then pulled in front of me while i was ordering . they had messed her order up too because i saw a small carton passed to her . the chicken was good , but the wrong stuff . the biscuit was blah , the coleslaw very oniony , and the cajun rice extremely dry and tasteless .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the chicken is good but the service leaves a lot to be desired . and make sure what you ordered is what you get , i ordered apple pies and got blueberry , mashed potatoes got rice or nothing , etc . and the corn in the cob was nasty and cold . my advise ; do n't go through the drive- thru ( takes forever ) and check the bag before leaving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no ! no ! no ! . while i love popeyes and everything this fried chicken chain stands for , i do not like this particular chain , which leaves me in a bind because the next closest one is all the way in north olmsted . the drive-thru clerk every time i get here is slow and screwed up my order the last two times i came . i order spicy and i get regular , not that its a big deal chicken is chicken but it pisses me off when im really craving spice . the parking lot is full of pot holes , and the design is poor . the inside of the restaurant is dirty and dingy , keeps in with the part of cleveland this is in . if you can avoid this specific popeyes do it at all costs , which is hypocritical of me based on my 5 check ins lol . iim a sucker for some fried chicken . facepalm", "score": "1"}
{"review": "honestly , there 's not much to add here beyond what kate said . happy hour prices there are awesome -- $ 2 beers on a saturday ? solid . music was bleh , and the two old women we shared a table with who yelled at us to be quiet so they could listen to the music ? listen woman , you 're sitting as far as humanely possible from the music stage -- you ca n't hear jack shit where we are ... and we 're talking at normal voice levels . you be quiet . food : um ... where 's the french and cajun-influenced stuff ? we have nola cuisine in madison , why are n't they here ? jamerica is as close as you can get , and no , i 'm not paying $ 8 for your mediocre jumbalaya . the concept is great , and it 's an event i would 've loved to donate money to ... but when you do a so-so , half-assed job like this ? no donations necessary .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a great time this year ( 2011 ) . a small little festival filled with great music , great food and great beer ! i had the opportunity to eat some great food from lao laan-xangs and buraka . it is a small ecletic festival , if your looking for the carnival , this is not your scene as the gentleman who reviewed before me was . this is for fun , dancing , eating and drinking ... not carnival rides and games for kids .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for people who live even 2 streets away this festival is a nightmare . the music and especially bass are extremely loud and honestly my house on willi street is shaken up to the core right now . i ca n't even watch tv with constant bass in the background . i can only imagine how horrible it is for people closer to the actual concert . hard to believe that police allows such events to occur in the midst of residential area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great event . gets better every year . tons of great food , music and chances to connect with people . big fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fairly clean and easy to navigate for a festival of its size with do-able crowds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "10 sec in and have been stepped on twice , nearly hit by couple chairs . people are oblivious . but , once you get your drink , sit back and enjoy the music and great weather .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they do a good job , price is a little high . nice people , and loyal to clients !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i get my dry cleaning done here primarily because it 's convenient and secondarily because of the service . i 've brought in clothes and bedding , and they 've never messed anything up . it seems expensive ( i 'm sure i could get men 's shirts done cheaper elsewhere ) , but the location ca n't be beat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ca n't give lord duncan 's anything less than 5 stars . they are truly royal . i will never go to another dry cleaners and i feel so at home when i walk through the doors . # ld", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wanted to like lord duncan 's because it 's very convenient , but sadly they do a terrible job . i have dropped off over 40 items there over the past year and every one of them has come back still covered in stains and water spots . in some cases , new water spots . i think they do a very poor job , and it 's not inexpensive . go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "reasonable prices , friendly staff , make sure they put the special tags on if you want your stuff done earlier than they initially quote . my things were 1 day late after i asked for them to be done earlier . convenient location and hours , and they get stains out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they might be fine for dry cleaning , but no good for tailoring clothing . wish i had noticed the experienced seamstress wanted sign in the window before i took my jeans there . they were unable to replace a zipper , twice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm keeping the 5 star rating i gave back in april of 2008 , however , i went online today to make a reservation and learned they are no longer `` accepting reservations '' . not sure exactly what that means but one can only assume , they are no longer in business . sad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed here a few years ago . great layout , very clean , parking was good , close to strip and having a full kitchen was very helpful during our stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved this place ! it 's cute , luxurious and absolutely private . great modern design and spotlessly clean . this place has a great kitchen with stainless steel appliances a lovable bedroom and living room . it has even a small dining area . this place feels just like home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is easy to miss . is in the basement . i went for lunch , ate the general thai and quite enjoyed it . atmosphere is mediocre , what i would expect for the area , service was very good . i think i will try one more spot in china town this week as i still have n't found my gem in the rough there ... accepts amex , which i always like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was typical western greasy salty chinese good . food is overpriced for quality . wait staff were slow and uncaring . they told us how much we should tip after ignoring us for most of the meal . i almost had to get up to refill my own water at least once . after they saw our tip the waiter threw the receipt at my wife and starting foul mouthing us to his colleague in chinese in front of us . it was painfully obvious what they were talking about . also my friend speaks chinese and understood what they were saying . definitely avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here for my birthday . expecting to eat something rather tasty , but turned out to be pretty disappointing expereince . the ambiance , and the service was really good , however the food was not up to par . not very authentic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cozy , clean restaurant with delicious food and house wines by the glass ( or bottles , if you prefer ) . this spot is hidden away in the basement and has an a la carte menu as well as prix fixe offerings for one or two people . we had the ravioli in peanut sauce and the large dim sum platter , which was amazing . i could have eaten a whole plate of the shrimp toasts . for our main course , we shared the peking duck , and it was the best we 've ever had . the duck is carved at the table and served with mini pancakes and spring onions . once you 're finished with that , they bring a new dish to you : the duck breast is sauteed with vegetables in a light sauce with the wings and legs arranged along the edges of the plate . we just went last weekend , and ca n't wait to go again this weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think the best part of the meal was when the waiter argued with us over whether or not we ordered 3 bowls of rice ( for 3 people ) . skip this one folks ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent and friendly service . more formal than your typical area chinese restaurant . veggies were very fresh and all food prepared well . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we order lunch every day for the office , and someone always goes out and picks it up . ordered skillets today , and they added an 18 % gratuity to a large take-out order . refused to take the tip off when confronted about it . we will never be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been there several times since it opened . the service and the food have been excellent . contrary to some of the negative reviews i 've read skillets is owned and operated by people from florida with many years in the restaurant business . they know what people want : good inexpensive food served by a professional staff . no mystery here . i daresay those individuals with a `` bad '' experience sound like they 'd not enjoy anywhere they go , including fast-food chains . try skillets . it 's less busy during the week . everyone in s charlotte goes there on the weekend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gosh i want this place to be better . the menu and food is great . i 've loved every meal and want to keep coming back , but the problem is the service . we 've been there about a dozen times and we 've had problems over half the time . they 've `` lost us '' twice while we were waiting to be seated ( even with buzzers ) . twice they 've brought everyone 's meals except one person in our party . we 've gotten the wrong food before . we 've struggled to get our check at times . it really depends on the server you get . some are outstanding while others are horrible . we 've talked with several friends who all agree . we keep coming back because we hope it will get better . really want this place to succeed !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love a good breakfast , but skillets is way too over priced and the food is not good . the eggs were swimming in grease , the fruit cup is a served in a 2oz . container ( like the kind most places serve you a side of salad dressing in ) , the sausage was deep fried , twice i had to guess , and the service is so bad they just bring you a pot of coffee and change you $ 2 for it when all i wanted was a cup . i work in the area and asked a few of people i work with if they had been there . of the five who have been , one said they would go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some banana chocolate chip pancakes sound great right now ... and skillets has them ! what could be better ? well , a lot could be better . i went with my mom for a brunch lunch one afternoon . we were seated , and the waitress with little to no personality took our orders . the place is so slow , we must have waited 25 minutes in an empty restaurant for our food . my mom 's skillet came out not how she liked it , and she sent it back . my pancakes were very good , a little crispy on the outside and a good amount of banana and chocolate chip . delicious . 2 huge pancakes were enough for me . my mom said her 's was allright . the decor is okay for a breakfast place , it seems to be southern but there 's something lacking . maybe it was the lack of customers killing the vibe , i ca n't quite put my finger on it . skillets is alright . is it worth a shot ? probably , see for yourself !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife 's new favorite breakfast place . great food , ver friendly staff . i 'll be back often", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had breakfast here w a large group from work . the service was friendly . they sat us in the private room in the back . one issue was the heat , or lack of . it was cold at first then the manager turned up the heat to `` sauna style '' . we lived with it , but we all noticed the change . the food , pretty good . i got the 3 egg bacon , tomato & cheese omelet w grits and whole wheat toast . huge omelet , but a little dry over cooked . the grits were the best part of the meal . not sure what they put in it to make them so creamy but those were top notch . i tried one of my co worker 's skillet potatoes . those were tasty , kind of reminded me of cracker barrels ' cheesy hash brown casserole . next time i 'll try one of their skillet dishes . overall , it 's good place for breakfast . a little pricey , but they make up for that in portion size .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "need to feel like your belly is giving you a hug from the inside ? go to skillets . my comfort food spot for breakfast lunch . i only wish they did n't close at 2:30 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth the wait ! perfect waffles and thick bacon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had breakfast there this morning and i 'd say that this place is solidly `` ok '' . the service was good and staff seemed to be on their game but the food was pretty basic . the biscuit and gravy was probably the best part of the meal . i had the denver skillet with the home fries and a couple eggs over easy . the skillets are a decent size but for 10 $ i 'd kinda expect a little more in the quality department . nothing was really seasoned or specially prepared up it seems . it was all just layered and thrown together . if i 'm ever in the area again i 'd probably hit it up as it seems hard enough to find good breakfast places in charlotte but i would n't make a special trip here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i actually did enjoy my breakfast here quite a bit but the prices are a little steep for what you get . i 'm not a huge breakfast guy and opted for the philly cheesesteak benedict which was better than i expected honestly . i 'll go again ... if my boss pays again : d", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cant do breakfast wrong ! went saturday and they were busy , but they got us seated fairly quickly . my wife enjoyed the spinish and mushroom omelet . i had the bacon and cheese scamble . the bacon was thick and meaty . the kids of course had chocolate pancakes . no real negatives .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while visiting my friend in charlotte , we had breakfast here one morning and love it so much , we went back 2 days later ! the place is new , clean and cozy and the food speaks for itself . i 'm a corn beef hash snob and they make theirs from scratch so i was in love but better yet , their skillet potatoes ... to die for ! their signature `` skillet '' dishes are layered with their julienned potatoes mix , with whatever you like on top , ie corn beef hash , bacon , cheese etc and topped with 1 2 eggs ! and all very reasonably priced . the entire staff is there to please so if you are in the area ... do n't miss out on this place for breakfast ! oh.. i guess i should say they also serve lunch , which we did n't get to try but if breakfast is an indication of their quality of food , lunch will most likely be just as great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place for breakfast . fast service . they have the best bacon and i am not even the biggest bacon fan . my only complaint is the chairs are sorta of uncomfortable and the tables are very close together .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "warm atmospher and very friendly staff . sort of feels like a cracker barrel , ok atmosphere . the server was nice but not super informative for being my first time . i took her a few minutes to approach my table and get us started . the coffee was great and the healthy omlette i ordered was awesome . i hate when it takes forever to pay my bill . overall a good experience , i would go back if i am in the area again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm often not wrong . hey , why you laughing ? i 'm not laughing . this is n't funny . alright , alright , alright . enough already ! damn ! sue me , okay ? i 'll admit , skillets has grown on me . the joint 's become one of my go-to breakfast spots , which has come as a massive surprise for me . i got ta give it up for their pancakes . big , thick , generously slathered with whatever toppings you choose - i always opt for the blueberries . pancakes always go well with bacon , and their thick-cut bacon is yummy . recently i had their french toasts . equally as delicious , and i 'm not a big fan of the french toast . but , what the hey ... their service is still a touch slow , owing to their popularity . i suppose the secret 's out about skillets ; it was even busy on labor day ! to summarize . i was wrong . it wo n't happen again . now i 'm craving their pancakes . bastards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "certainly not the best breakfast in charlotte , but there are n't many options in this particular neighborhood . skillets subscribes to the `` quantity over quality '' mentality . there is nothing `` precious '' about skillets -- it looks like a chain and has a typical breakfast lunch menu that you 'd find anywhere else . their biscuits were worth the price of admission . i could list a whole bunch of complaints about this place , but in the end their food filled me up and was well cooked , if just a little `` boring '' tasting . all things considered , i would go there again . service was quick and very friendly ( to the point of overwhelming ) . i had my carry out order in just a few minutes . very nice people , they offered me coffee even though i was carrying out an order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent breakfast place , would be happy if they get the orders correct at least most of the time . i have been here 6-10 times and it all depends on the server as to how your experience is . . we will keep returning as we overall like the place and the food ... .. the parking no matter what day of the week or weekend is terrible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we tried skillets for the 1st time and found the atmosphere to be very refreshing , however the service need a lot of improvement . the hostess that seated us us gave me a look when i asked for a normal sized table as if that not allowed . about 5 mins . later a server introduced himself and we did not see him for another 15 mins . the portions were of a good size for two people to share . the potatoes were string style made with cream cheese and other ingredients to be determined at a later date . after the meal 15 mins . waiting to get a check , then he never came back to get it . all n all the idea is good but they are totally in need of organization or they will wind up one of those places you try one time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has such potential but the coffee was not good , the food was below average and the service was disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and i am sorry to say that this place is just a-ok . the food is ok , the prices are ok , the decor is awful . this is nothing special , really .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food ! if you are willing to put up with the worst service i have had in a long time . we got seated after a 10 min wait which was n't bad , but then the hostest brings us shot glasses of water and never acknowledges that our server will be with us in a few . 25 min later our server finally shows up and we order . i asked for a egg white omlette . when our food arived i got a regular omlette . i asked for a new one and when the manager asked if everything was ok . i told her i was waiting for a new omlette because it was n't made with egg whites . she asked me how i could tell . ( enough said there ) when i checked out , they asked if everything was ok . i told him i wish i could say wonderful . his response was `` me too '' . bottom line ; not too bright wait staff and poor customer service , but the food was wonderful . keep your expectations low .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we visited skillets once this past summer . it was extremely disappointing . the food was not impressive at all . i ordered an omelette and it was runny and cold . we live close enough to walk to the restaurant and we were excited to finally to get to eat there . -- skillets ... please improve the quality of the food . we would love to see you stay 'in the neighborhood ' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was slow . waitress did not ask for kids drink order . drinks were supposed to be included with their meal . sourdough french toast was dry . crepes suzette were a big miss . way too much orange sauce over them . they looked drowned . coffee was okay , not great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friend and i stumbled upon this place during a road trip and we really enjoyed it . i got an order of chocolate chip pancakes with bacon and potatoes while my friend ordered a blt sandwich . while we had to wait a little while ( like 15 minutes ) , it was well worth it . i thought our server was polite and patient , especially with how busy they were . the menu is extensive and i did not think that the prices were too high at all . i live in chicago and prefer the family locally owned breakfast places and i have to say that this was a great alternative to the mega-chains like ihop and cracker barrel . if i am ever back in the charlotte area , i will definitely head to this place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great casual place to go for breakfast . the cheese grits are my favorite in town and the bacon is thick and delicious . good coffee and the scones are made every morning . the ambiance leaves for something to be desired , but is appropriate for the type of food served .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not the best breakfast in town by a mile . the service was incredibly slow . when we got our breakfast , both my daughter in my pancakes for ice cold . i will never come back here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like so many here i have mixed feelings about skillets . the food so far has always been good . overall portion sizes , if not always generous , are fair for what you get . since everything is made fresh you really ca n't complain . the dinning room is decorated with a lot of wood . tables , chairs , bench seats and paneling . while this does give a homey feel , it feels like a bit much some days . the biggest problem is the service . even during slower times of the day it can take a little too long until orders are taken . they seem to be working on this issue , as the last two times i went for lunch service was fairly quick . since a lot of the food is made fresh it does take a bit longer , and that is ok. based on recent experiences i give 3.75 stars . if the service keeps improving then this will be a solid 4 star dinning option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "skillet is a new breakfast restaurant we decides to try today . the food was great and the wait was about 5 minutes on a saturday morning . that is gooood ! it is kid friendly and you get your moniesss worth ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mixed - i had the 4 meat skillet and it was good . my wife had the eggs benedict - not good , bland hollandaise , too much butter on muffin and the ham was tough . . service was fine and coffee is good , they bring a carafe to the table which i like . extensive menu so we will give them another shot at some point.for 2 of us on a sunday it took about 10 minutes to get a table at 10 am , not bad and they will give you coffee while you wait . i would say 2.5 stars and worth another try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to try a new breakfast place in charlotte and skillets was very yummy ! ! it reminded me of a toss between cracker barrel and ihop . the deco was very country and yellow ( a little bright than i attended ) , kind of like cracker barrel . the food was delicious , upscale of an ihop . if you like potatoes you have to make sure you get a side of their skillet potatoes with your meal because they are awesome ! ! coffee was brewed strong , service was on que . i hate how they give you a small cup of water , but at least refills of water were free and you got ta love crushed ice ! ! ! overall i will go back and try it again . my first time was great ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by this place . we arrived not knowin it was their one year anniversary and despite the 40 person group there , food was good and service was excellent . i 'd go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i seldom write reviews , but the service here was horrible . when we visited , the hostess seemed to treat us like we were a nuisance . we were seated after a group that came in after us even though we had less people ! i witnessed the hostess treat several people rudely . i can not comment on the food because we left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious breakfast food , great service and a fun atmosphere . we sat at the counter because the line was long on a sat . great skillet with egg , grits , bacon and a pumpkin scone ! the food was hot and fresh and they served tazo tea , my favorite . good food and reasonable prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not good at all ! ! ! ! very , very overpriced , do yourself a favor and go to waffle house", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for local breakfast with a good price . the name is apropo of the best thing on the menu ... the skillets . make sure to get one and continue to come back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not a breakfast eater . my husband took me here for lunch . i choose the french dip sandwich . it was almost ok. meat was a little bland , the bread was a little soggy . that potato pancake thing was awful . so bland and just yuck . if they are going to have sandwiches at least have fries or potato chips to choose from . i thought the prices were a bit high also . i wo n't be returning ever . i can get better than this at a waffle house- so that is saying a lot", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried skillets for the first time . the prices were very reasonable and the service was good and we didnt wait extremely long maybe about 20 but it was a sunday morning . i tell you the wait was definitely shorter than ihop on a sunday morn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have eaten here a few times . i consider myself a foodie and looove breakfast places . we go out for breakfast brunch every weekend . i would eat there a lot more if the prices were a bit lower and the service was better . i am ok with paying for food but this place is still 10-15 % overpriced for what you get . it is for that reason we choose other local places like big view diner first . if you are not in a rush to eat and you do n't mind paying extra for an omelet or pancakes then this place is good . as i said , we like eating here but do n't do it because the overall value is n't there like other places in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "front of house needs some training ... food is pretty good and the value proposition is good as well , but the front of house really needs work ! i had an ice tea delivered to me with a butter wrapper stuck to the inside of the glass..unfortunately did n't notice until i was halfway through ... when i showed it to the lead hostess , she apologized at first and then proceeded to tell me that it could not happened because their butter was real far from their dishwasher ... when i told her that there was n't even butter on our table , she still disputed the fact that it came to me with the wrapper ... so not only did she argue a fact , she also failed to even comp the tea ... her final words to me we 're that she hoped i enjoyed the food ... needless to say , i wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for brunch @ 11:00am , and a very little wait before being seated . quite a wait before the food was served , but it was good . something different today ... had the cranberry pecan pancakes w orange syrup . pretty good . service was good , but a little slow . was n't super busy , and there seemed to be an adequate number of staff . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food ! skillets food quality is superb : you will not leave skillets on an empty stomach , that 's for sure ! delicious food and my favorite is the strawberry waffle with fresh whipped cream . not that stuff out of a can . i frequent at the skillets in naples and bonita springs , fl and this new opening in charlotte not only met , but exceeded my expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were seated and our order was taken shortly thereafter . after an hour of being seated and receiving no updates from our waitress , we finally flagged her down to find out where our food was . she said she would tell the manager and it would be out right away . after 15 more minutes of waiting and receiving no updates or food , we left . in the 1 hour and 15 minutes we were sitting at our table , there were three tables right next to us who arrived after us , ordered and ate their food , and paid and left . we know it is on a sunday , but we just apparently got the short straw since those around us were served in a timely manner . unprofessional service from the waitress and unprofessional response from the manager if he she was indeed told by the waitress about the escalation and we were ignored for 15 minutes after that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rented a uhaul- and the office was all decked out for halloween ! ! they had toys and candy ! ! ! even the ceiling had been mocked up ! we had one on one service & absolutely no issues ! ! ! the young man who checked me in was polite & knowledgeable ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used this storage for 7 years . had the smallest unit available . when i got to it i opened the door and found no light inside . my other unit there had inside light . it was pitch black . the facility is well maintained , clean and easy to load and unload . always has carts for taking more items up and down . i felt the unit was overpriced at $ 100 month . owners are nice and friendly and live on premises . always available to help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who the fuck closes at 4:30pm ? so much for getting off work early to rent a truck . when i got transferred to reservation hotline , they could n't help either . # customerservicenightmare # overpriced", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all i wanted was my daughters widom teeth removed but the guy kept trying to tell me what my insurance would and would not cover . we went around and around this situation . i was not paying out of pocket for something i knew my insurance company paid for . needless to say everything i said was correct but after going back in forth i just decided to take her to nevada oral . less drama and better respect . i dont like people trying to play me . my advice ... find out what your insurance will and will not cover before getting any procedures done . they tried to tell me my 13 year daughter did not have coverage for sedation while she was getting her wisdom teeth removed and it would be $ 500 out of pocket ! ! bull crap ! ! i knew better that that . they were not just going to numb her up and think it was okay . check your coverage people . im pretty sure the dr. is great never had a chance to meet him because of his staff .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i needed a root canal , 2 crowns and some other work done ; i was referred to dr. megan dinh from a friend and i could not be happier . the entire experience was pleasant and pain free , coming from someone who dislikes these things and puts them off as long as possible . i 'll be less likely to procrastinate my dental work in the future knowing it will be hassle free and pleasant . do yourself a favor and come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to hollywood smile dental a couple months ago to get a simple cleaning of my teeth and take care of a small cavity . my filling continued to be sensitive after they fixed my cavity . i recently went to another dentist to see why , and after tons of x-rays , they told me that dr kim at hollywood smile did n't remove all the decay ( nice word for cavity . ) so basically they drilled half of my cavity and filled it without completely getting rid of the entire cavity . this is why my tooth is still sensitive , months later . i did n't have insurance , so of course i had to pay for this crap job out of pocket ! do n't waste your time or money with hollywood smile dental . they obviously do n't know what they 're doing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. kim is a very caring and competent dentist . the office is clean , has modern equipment , and professionally staffed . i would highly recommend my friends and family to see dr. kim in las vegas for dental needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my wisdom teeth taken out . i heard the horrible stories about wisdom extractions and i was scared . however , dr kim was very calm and confident and explained the step by step procedures . it was done very quick and painless . dr kim is the best at taking out wisdom teeth . if you need to take out wisdoms , go see dr kim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not recommended at all please becarful they are a group of unprofessional employees . very bad hygiene hot temp inside 1 salesman very rude try to hit me with $ 1400 and i have a filling that he mass with my ssn.i recived a mail that shows that somebody review my info . not recommended for the price they charge i got insurance for 1 year", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to hollywood smile dental for my wisdom teeth extractions and one implant . the surgery was very quick . a lot better than i expected . i had a bad previous experience with my old dentist . dr kim was gentle and very skilled . i recommend any of my family members to this office . thanks a lot hollywood smile dental ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went several dental offices in lv before . but i always disappointed their services and sometime they treated me like a money . i heard about dr kim from my friends . all of them are satisfied . i wan na say , thank you so much for your great customer service and painless dental treatments ! it was quick and easy . when numbing and the surgery took him like 30 min ! ! ! one of my friends said he had root canal surgery from dental in lv . after 6 months it was failed ... luckily my friend heard about dr kim . he could get the successful result until now . i 'm sure dr kim was extremely knowledgeable . the assistants also made me comfortable . needless to say , the whole experience and the quality of work was impressive . i recommend dr. kim and his team to everyone . finally i found # 1 trustful dental office in las vegas : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a rare find in las vegas. ! ! i went 2month ago for lumineers . my friend recommended dr.kim is # 1 dentist in vegas . he is so knowledgeable and professional . and this office is simply beautiful , state of artworks . staffs are also well trained and helpful . my front teeth had a little gap , it was always my flaw in front of ppl . during the procedures it want painful it was quick and perfect . now i can smile with full of confidence and i 've never felt it 's uncomfortable . it looks so natural and all of my friends love my smile now . : ) thanks dr. kim and staffs ! ! i definitely go again for other treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to hollywood smile for my wisdom teeth extractions . procedure was very quick . no pain at all . i went back to work the next day . i highly recommend this clinic to all my family members and friends", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick and painless wisdom teeth extractions ! highly recommended ! number 1 in las vegas for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best dental offices in vegas . dr. kim is great , always friendly and fast service . i had my wisdom teeth taken out . no pain and it was done in a timely manner . 7 minutes . highly recommend this place no under the table fees or anything . 10 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome staff and service ! this is the only place i will go to , dr. kim is amazing and very gentle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being scammed by countless other dental offices in vegas , i gave this place a try . i walked in with my girlfriend and we both wanted to set up a cleaning . they told us we needed x-rays and exam by dentist first . i was really skeptical because other places said the same thing and then told me i needed a deep cleaning ( which i did n't ) and tried to take advantage of me . so we got the x-rays , which were very comprehensive and professional and then the doctor came in . dr. kim looked at my teeth , said they were great and even gave me a prescription for a sensitive tooth i have . same thing for my girlfriend who had been told at three other places she needed the mythical deep cleaning . i had my old dentist in la for 40 years and now look forward to 40 years with dr. kim . i can totally recommend him without reservations . he is professional , knowledgable and has a great demeanor . go see dr. kim , you will thank me later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no one understands how happy i am that i found this place as my dentist . they truly care about their clients & that alone is amazing , especially in this line of work . had several different procedures done by them . anytime i 've called them in tooth pain , they get me in asap ( same day ) & make sure i am relieved . not only do they work fast but the quality of their ( team ) work is also 5 stars at the most reasonable prices . thank you hollywood staff ! ! ! ! so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kim is kind and gentle . among many great qualities , i like best that he makes decisions that have my best interests in mind and not his profits . also , he is very smart and genuinely cares about his patients ' health . i 've recommended dr. kim to just about anyone who brings up the word dentist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "according to calvin klein , the key to looking young is remaining thin . i certainly agree ! portions at this restaurant are definitely not big which is fine because i do n't like to eat that much . my roommate and i had dinner here a few nights ago before seeing a show at the herberger theater . we met some of the lucky yelp elites who scored tickets to the daddy long legs performance which , by the way , was enjoyable . we thought our service was efficient and attentive . we did n't have the same experience as linda , but we were at another table , so everything seemed to run like clockwork . i do n't drink spirits , but they do have a very interesting wine list . the food was also good , and reasonable . i certainly enjoyed the chilled cucumber soup . all of this plus a nice atmosphere makes province a place worth , returning to time and time again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boo to our drinks with friends meeting . there were 9 of us . we met on the beautiful outside patio of province . we had no plans for food , but i will preface by saying on a previous dining experience , the food was stellar . service was horrendous . we did get water ... plenty of it . a server kept coming to the table with trays of water glasses , offering to get us more water . 30 minutes later , a member of our party finally went to the restaurant to get drink menus which we then waited and waited again for a server to get our drink orders . normally i do n't put up with this nonsense and just leave , but 2 of our friends had their kids across the street at the ymca and we wanted to visit with them before they had to collect their younguns . we quickly killed our drinks when they finally arrived because by that time , our couple friend had to go pick up their kids . i guess this time was a miss .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a light brunch there today after the farmer 's market - our first chance to stop by since it opened a few days ago . -attentive unobtrusive service . from day one - no small feat . -stark japanese flavor to the ambiance : dark wood and stone horizontals massed monochrome walls softened by dessicated organics on surfaces and hanging from the ceiling and a few monochromatic illustrations on one wall . pleasing but as a prior reviewer noted , somewhat cold . we ate at what seemed to be a cork-topped table . -amazed at the reasonable prices . green lentil soup with a dollop of yogurt , mixed vegetables in sherry , pork belly hash , shrmp over grits and manchego . all local , all delicious set us back less than $ 25 . -and the thing that ripped the 5th star off - starbucks coffee . with one of the best micro-roasters i 've tasted just 2 blocks north at royal [ and a gaggle of excellent ones within 2 miles nowadays ] they could n't go local with the caffeine roastery ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this restaurant . i recommend it to everyone . we have always had a wonderful time here . valet parking for starters . the staff is incredible always so helpful and you really enjoy them when you are there . kyle was our server this time and he told us about half price bottles of wine on wednesday . what a great deal ! ! ! the whole layout of the restaurant is beautiful ! ! ! the food is so good . they have some really wonderful and unique dishes . i ca n't wait to go back again . it is located on central and van buren beneath the westin hotel . you have to go , you will love ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped over here after dinner at the crescent ballroom for dessert and to mainly enjoy the atmosphere . where else can you find a cool lit waterfall in the middle of downtown ? ! the hostess was really nice and let us pick any table we wanted outside . there was only one other party outside but sitting near the waterfall did make it feel a bit cooler . our waitress arrived shortly and we ordered the caramelized banana split for $ 8 . when it arrived a short time later , its presentation was fairly fancy with one banana , split in half , caramelized ( read : slightly burnt but in a good way ) and one scoop of vanilla ice cream and everything covered in peanuts . while it was good , for $ 8 it seems like it should have been a lot more considering all those ingredients combined probably cost $ 1 . would it have broke the bank for two scoops ? oh well , it hit the spot and we got to enjoy the neat little patio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lovely place , especially the quite large patio w waterfall wall . steak frites w chimichurri was really great , marisa says the chimichurri was just like she 's had in buenos aires . they also have a great homemade ketchup . really liked the home made pistachio ice cream . also tried an apple honey crisp with phillo dough wafers and dulce de leche ice cream which was really terrific . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast . it was our first time here . decided that we wanted to enjoy the good whether are having so we sat outside . it was a good idea because a band set up to play music half way through our meal , which was nice and relaxing . staff were very nice and personable . also , our server was very attentive . food was okay . i ordered the breakfast tacos . and my two companions ordered typical breakfast items that i ca n't actually remember so that 's telling you something about how memorable the food was . for a typical eggs and breakfast meats meal we had a 60 dollar tab . now , i understand that we chose to eat at a hotel restaurant so we should expect premium prices . however , there was n't anything premium about the food . i have always wanted to try province since it looks like such a pretty place , so i 'm glad we can say we tried it . however , it may be a while until we return for breakfast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am very sad to say that my boyfriend and i had an awful meal here . i hate giving bad reviews but i want to forewarn anyone before they go in here . i ordered the sea bass with lobster mashed potatoes . the fish was bland and the potatoes were cold . the lobster in my potatoes had a rubbery texture . it was not appetizing at all . my boyfriend got the marinated skirt steak with sweet potato au gratin . the steak was supposed to be medium and it came out to the table well ! the sweet potatoes looked like a brick of dehydrated space food and were inedible and cold ! we did n't want to complain at first but then the manager came by and we spoke up . they took $ 5 off our bill to make up for it and the manager promised our next meal would perfect ! it was so bad that there will never be a next time ! do n't waste your time or money here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is consistently good at province . we often go here for breakfast..the steak and eggs is delicious . the steak has chimichuri on it to die for ! the benedicts are also very good , their hollandaise has just the right amount of lemon flavor . for a short period they had build your own benedict and that was the best thing i have had at province ... .a benedict on brioche with bacon , avocado , and spinach ... .it was amazing ! they stopped having that special the week after i discovered it ... .lame . bring it back province ! please ! anyway , we went for dinner again the other night and it was very good . plus the bf and i got engaged here that night so it gets a little extra on its five stars . hooray province !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for breakfast when staying downtown . the place was n't busy ( only one other table ) but the service was not good . the menu options sounded great , but the dishes were not well cooked . both breakfast entrees came out very oily . pools of oil on all the eggs , and potatoes were soaked . i ordered the breakfast pot pie and the gravy was almost inedible it was so oily and greasy . next time going to take some more time to seek out s better breakfast place downtown .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just stumbled upon this one while doing some errands downtown . needed a snack and this ended up being a perfect choice ! they have a great tapas menu that is actually priced decently for how tapas should be ordered - in bundles ! : d the drinks are also priced reasonably and the staff was friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lunch is actually a good deal , quick on the uptake ( i.e . i can get in and out within 40 minutes ) and the service is attentive . it is never that busy ( which is a bit of a shame ) it is after all still a restaurant at a w. that being said , the menu is designed for business travelers . heavy on the salads and sandwiches . the menu skews american and slightly southwestern . i was impressed by the service , they made some modifications to the entr\u00e9e when i had a friend who had severe food allergies brought it up . i never think to come here but compared to the district at sheraton , i think this place is the way to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we get a date night rarely throughout the year , so i try and find something new when ever we get that chance . once we made it into the restaurant we were both quite pleased with the decor and the atmosphere , little did we realize that this was just the beginning ! the wait staff here is beyond friendly and knowledgeable , our server sam was what you would consider first class in every aspect . his attention and knowledge started our evening off in such a way that i feel indebted to him ! ! then comes the food ... . ! we had a four course meal that not only included a wine pairing for two of the courses , but also a pre-dinner cocktail . the food was exquisite , the pork chop with the kale and pickled onion main course was grand , and the paired wine could not have been better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the avocado cheese toast was amazing and even free with a yelp check in . got ta love that . the veggie skillet and house salad were delish ! the service was outstanding . thank you oliver and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "complimentary brunch mimosa ca n't be beat ! salmon benedict , schreiner 's bacon , and ham and cheese omelet was delicious too ! they use mj english muffins ... same as lgo . yum ! great downtown spot . put it on your list !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the 2nd time we have been here and we ca n't wait to go back . the staff is so friendly and the food is excellant ! they even always give you a little sample of what is on the menu . wednesday is half price wine night . so we got a wonderful bottle of wine for only $ 17.00 and it was really good . my girlfriend and i each had a different salad . very fresh and really good . we split the crab cake appetizers . fabulous ! i got the burger and fries burger was great ! very moist ... my girlfriend got the shrimp tacos also very good , we were so full by the end of it all . complementairy bottled water . we love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can see this place is going to be a new favorite . after coming here for an event last week , a friend and i came back today for the dine around event . i had the grilled tomato flatbread and goat cheese fondue . both delicious . i had to really restrain myself from getting another fondue since this was my first stop on the route . too bad because i could eat alot of that stuff . drinks are decent . today i had a mimosa ( $ 6 ) and red and white sangria the other night . the sangria is dangerous ! one item on the menu i am anxious to try is their shrimp and grits with manchego ( $ 9 ) . oooh , that might be a visit tomorrow . especially with the coupons the manager gave us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "breakfast was perfect . i am still thinking about the granola , berries and yogurt . my husband loved the bella benedict . dinner did n't disappoint either ! the ahi tuna tartar was probably the best i 've ever had ... it beat vegas . my husband had the filet and gave it a+ ! and , if you are lucky enough to have jennifer as your server , you will never forget her . attentive , sweet , funny with the right amount of sass . we wanted to adopt her . ha ! hotel restaurants can be hit or miss , but this is a big hit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunday morning . stopped in here for breakfast after another nearby establishment was closed . found it on yelp , but did n't pay attention that it was in the hotel westin . thought about bailing , but it was now our second stop , so we stayed . corned beef hash and sourdough toast was plentiful and delicious . superfood scramble - egg whites , over grilled vegetables , topped with avocados - nice flavors - good portion . bagel sandwich - pretty good - lots of ham . side of fruit was very good . blueberry pancakes - fluffy and sweet . best part of the morning was the 4-piece jazz group that set up and began to play - remarkable ! they played one song - an original composition that got patrons out of their seats standing around to watch them . asked them if they had a card , were they on social media ? sheepishly , `` no '' . well , random jazz dudes , you were amazing ! the hotel restaurant experience panned out after all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've given this place two tries within a week . the service is very good and i have no problem getting a table as it 's dead . that makes it a quiet environment where it 's super easy to have a conversation . i stick to the soup and salad duo at lunch which may be part of the problem . the soup is good but the soup of the day has been the same for two days this week leading me to believe that it 's freshness is in question . the salad i tried both times is the beet salad . it 's also good but the portion is really small and underwhelming . i left hungry on both occasions . it is super easy to drive up and valet off central which makes it attractive for a downtown spot but since i 'm walking from my office , that 's not a consideration . i 'm afraid that i 'm taking this one off my lunchtime list .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "located inside the westin ( valet on central ) . we popped in after a suns game and enjoyed every moment . the seafood paella was particularly delicious . service and atmosphere were also top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the breakfast menu is tiny and non-traditional . the breakfast carnitas with eggs , salsa and tortillas were delicious . do n't miss the fresh squeezed juices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a couple of friends and i came here to meet up with a couple of people from a conference we just went to . we ended up missing those people but we had a great lunch instead ! they serve breakfast all day here : ) perfect . our server was a very sweet lady who made sure that we were taken care of . i ended up ordering the a.m. pork carnitas . the meat was cooked very well and was a bit salty but still very tasty . it came with eggs ( buttery but still delicious ) as well as a colorful array of potatoes that were soft on the inside but crispy on the outside . i appreciated that the food came out quickly as i was very hungry ! the portions were quite big as well so come hungry . all in all , my group was happy with their meals and we would come back again if we were in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "five of us came to province for lunch . the lunch menu is what i consider california cuisine . ( sorry , in advance to the az natives who get offended . ) soups , sandwiches , salads , tacos and entrees are available at lunch . the ambiance is modern and chic with indoor or outdoor dining options . we had excellent service and the restaurant was really dead at noon . best thing was free valet parking ! this differentiates province from anyplace in ca !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decided to try out this one for breakfast with some out of town guest . hummmmm ... definitely overpriced ! ! ! a two egg breakfast was $ 20 ... four for breakfast was $ 80 and one in my party did not even eat we shared a fruit plate ... definitely not worth the money and since we were the only table in the dining room you would have expected the service staff to be falling over each other to wait on our table ... not . do n't think i will be returning and will not recommend to anyone else ... good luck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the decor ... .clean , modern with a creative flair . the service was fantastic ... .informative , friendly and not in-your-face . the food was awesome ! the best crab cake i 've ever had ! i 've had better ceviche , but that 's ok . the burger was nice and juicy , tender on a brioche bun . the small plate of bread with the white bean puree was full of flavor as well . we will definitely go back ! need to try the desserts ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a date ... i had the salmon , which was excellent . the service was great ( but it was pretty dead , so it should be ) . we also had the goat cheese fondue ... i liked it though i thought it might have been better with something besides the herb crackers which seemed a bit salty . also the cheese got cold quite fast , so something to keep it warm might have been good as well . but overall the experience was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hosted a group dinner for 10 people at province a few weeks ago . we sat on the patio on a gorgeous night . our visit started off a little shaky , but they quickly rebounded . we really enjoyed the food and the service was good . i love that they have wine on tap - yummy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! downtown really needed this : boutique hotel and great dinning ! i went there for lunch and we each ordered an entree : salmon , steak , and bbq pork . they were each delicious . i ca n't decide what i liked the best . i really enjoyed the artichoke hearts with my steak however , the bbq pork was to die for . since i am a dessert lover we ordered the peanut butter and chocolate one and the peach tart . both were delicious..the peanut butter chocolate one was sooo rich , you should probably split it ! i 'll definitely be back ... thank you province !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to province for a late lunch on a friday . the restaurant was completely empty so you would think the food drinks would come out quickly ... unfortunately , that was n't the case . we ordered the goat cheese fondue app - it was descent . not overly flavorful . we both ordered a burger - it was delicious , but they only have a few topping options to choose from . bacon is an option- it was really thick . too much for this burger ! the server was really nice but got both of our orders wrong . my friend wanted to sub asparagus for the fries- she got fries and no asparagus . we waited 15 minutes or so for the asparagus and when it came out , it was lukewarm . probably wo n't ever be back , but it was worth a shot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "province is a great place to sit outside and have a cocktail , but the food is severely lacking . we went over the weekend for restaurant week . the shrimp cocktail was 90 % mediocre salsa in a martini glass and had literally two little shrimp in it . the tomato soup was super , super salty and i could n't take more than a few bites . the salmon was actually really good , but the chicken was lacking in flavor . the dessert sampler was a big flop -- so pretty , but they tasted like they had been sitting out for days -- old and chewy . but i can say the service by our waitress was outstanding -- she was so nice ! afterward , at the bar , the older , male bartender could n't have been any less interested in serving anyone . he was rude and seemed to hate his job ! i do n't think we 'll be going back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a pleasant surprise ! my wife and i were looking for something new , something fresh , while at the same time welcoming and inviting , province was all of the above . we were only going to stop in for a drink and check the place out , but kyle the bartender insisted that we have a seat at his bar and at least try a small bite or appetizer ... . we ended up having a four course meal ( and loved every bit of it ) . he was very knowledgeable with the menu which helped tremedously because we had many questions and he makes a great martini as well ! ! but he also made us a pimlico grid ( specialty cocktail ) , being a recommendation of his . it is now a recommendation for you from me ! anywho , the dining room is comfortable , the patio is unlike any i have seen downtown , with a great combination of fire and water ( you will have to check it out for yourself ) . the staff is very inviting and i plan on coming back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "somewhat disappointed , given prior reviews . we were in town for a conference and came here for a group meal . the restaurant is part if the westin . while i appreciated the farm to table concept , the execution fell short . several of us ordered the beet salad . while it was tasty , the presentation was poor -- somewhat monochromatic . one person had mostly greens with only two or three small chunks of beet , and mine had absolutely no goat cheese . when i brought this to the attention of the server , he had to check there was supposed to be cheese in it before bringing me a small cup of goat cheese . several of us also ordered the seafood stew . not only was the broth extremely tasteless , the odor was very fishy , to the point that non-seafood eaters at the table were offended by it . the small chunks of crabmeat were overdone . overall , i was not very impressed and would probably not return next time i 'm in town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have been here for dinner and breakfast . food is good but extremely overpriced for what you get . if you are going to charge super premium prices , you should deliver super premium service and food . approximately $ 50 for breakfast for two . that 's outrageous unless you are staying at a ritz carlton or mandarin oriental . the downtown needs more restaurants and business . but , we should not have to settle for mediocrity and overblown , unjustified pricing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "facility is beautiful . flavors are creative and unusual , with a stunning presentation . warm , attentive and skilled service . interesting latin music was a little loud for my taste , though . my husband had the apple stack for dessert , and said it was one of the best desserts he 'd ever had ! $ 100 for two people , with only one of us having a single glass of the least expensive wine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an amazing experience at province inside the westin hotel . first of all , the hotel and restaurant are beautiful . i love the manzanita trees and fuchsia wall . the bathrooms were also very clean and modern . went on first friday and it was completely dead , which is very sad to me . people need to go to this hidden gem ! the menu is tapas style so my friends and i ordered a bunch of items including : crispy white corn croqueta with ancho aioli mini cuban chicken sandwich summer squash taquito grilled tomato flatbread melted goat cheese fondue grilled ahi tuna tacos potato frites my favorite was the summer squash taquito . it came with just one small taco and it was just a bite , but it was very good . i would love to return to province and sit outside once the weather is cooler . the ambiance is very chic . complimentary valet for the first 3 hours is a plus too . go to province people ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had a great dinner here . food was made just right . service was excellent . great free welcome items . good homemade bread . and place was almost empty . prices quite fair for this quality .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very very good . the fried green tomatoes are amazing and so is the short rib . you can not go wrong with a meal here ... its also one of the better hotel restaurants i have been to and i travel a lot ! ! ! delicious ! and great service too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some business colleagues and i enjoyed a wonderful dinner at province last week . i would highly recommend the salmon and the staff were very accommodating of my food allergies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to give province another try and i was pleasantly surprised . as usual , their wine collection was fabulous . the waiter i had was extremely courteous and helpful , making it an overall fantastic experience . instead of starting with apps , i decided to try small portions of the pan seared rare hawaiian tuna and the house made papardelle pasta ( i love the fact that they have small big portions for some of their entr\u00e9es ! ) . the tuna was delicious . it had the right amount of lemony zest and the romesco sauce was outstanding . this is def one of my favorite dishes . the pasta was fresh and tasty . i loved the mix of mushrooms and monchego . having been to quite a few of the restaurants in phoenix , i will say that province is right up there with the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice menu and atmosphere , worth trying . in our case , the side dish was cold , hmm . kitchen and staff did their best to make it right , but still ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a hard one for me . although the food is fantastic , the service sucks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i love the music played on saturday nights on the patio ( played by a dj during the cooler months ) , but if you want food and or drinks expect to wait . i do n't know where all the servers go , but they always seem to disappear . this past saturday , i even went and got my own drink at the bar after waiting ten minutes at my table outside on the patio . let me just say ... .the bartender was horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! he should find something else because he clearly does n't want to be there . he was so rude ! ! ! service is big for me and that 's why i had to give it two stars . fire all the wait staff and bartender and get people that know what they are doing . food is fantastic , music is amazing and service is a thumbs down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to province with a group of colleagues , so there was 8 of us . it sits just off the lobby of the hotel with the bar almost in the lobby . while not very busy on the night we went , the food and service was excellent . we shared the goat cheese appy , and two different flat breads . awesome . not a huge wine by the glass list , but the selection was great and even had a very reasonable house ( i did not have ) . everyone loved their entrees and one of the best things is that some entrees can be had in half portions ; a great value . beware of the skirt steak if you do n't like spicy . it 's hot ! ! all in all , a great experience . i 'll come back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 stars for the service 4 stars for the food . we had a party of 8 and on a sunday morning sat right away . service was okay . not as organized or attentive as i would have liked . members of our party had to constantly ask for things like salt , pepper , or sugar . the food , however , is good . i had the breakfast tacos ... and with a little salt and pepper it was delish , and it comes with guacamole and salsa . the rest of the table cleaned their plates , too ! we had the mushroom and goat cheese omelet , steak and scrambled eggs , smoked salmon and bagel , fruit salad , and eggs benedict . all excellent ! must try this place for the food , but do n't expect great service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the thing that i have tried in this restaurant that i really liked was the pear dessert with ice cream and the goat cheese fondue . everything else has been either too salty for me : the salmon ceviche , the meat with chimichurri , or lacking flavor like the shrimp ceviche .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the decor is ultra modern yet cozy . very nice atmosphere . service was outstanding and staff was very friendly and helpful . the salmon was crispy with a sweet tangy sauce on top of a bed of spinach , onions and lima beans . the sauce was a little much after a while but if you wipe most of it off and `` wash '' it a bit in the juices , its pretty perfect . i 'm a fan . my friend had the chicken which was more sultry than sweet . the flavoring was very good on that as well . for dessert we had the coffee and donuts - crispy mini churros with some homemade coffee ice cream ( very good ) , there was also a miniature mug with cocoa coffee ( ? ) in it . all in all , the dishes are very creative and well thought out . not quite 5 stars , but tasty nonetheless . we would definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "other reviewers commented on `` hit or miss '' food ; we had big `` misses . '' the cheese fondue was ok , sandwiches were inedible . today 's special crabcake sandwich tasted like imitation ( or just old ) crab meat . the chicken sandwich looked unappetising , and tasted worse . the atmosphere was 4 or 5 star , the valet was prompt and polite , the patio looked like a comfortable place for drinks , and the service was great . ( in fact , the server expressed genuine concern when we asked her to clear our barely touched plates . ) we 'd go back for drinks , but wo n't order food again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a travelzoo voucher that covered weekend brunch for $ 25 including a bloody mary or mimosa each . food , especially the beef skewer appetizer , was very good and moderately priced ( even without the coupon ) . we sat out on the patio and the ambiance was relaxed and very pleasant . service was excellent . valet parking is free with restaurant validation . we will definitely be going back , even if we have to pay full price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic venue ! province really adds a touch of class and elegance in a way that is n't pushy or over the top . located in the westin hotel , the restaurant feels very modern ! you can choose to sit inside in a beautifully decorated and spacious dining area or enjoy their fabulous patio with fireplaces and a great water feature . the food was unbelievable ! i sampled their tuna and watermelon appetizer and fell in love - what an amazing combination that i 'd never have thought of . if the food is n't enough , the service is superb . every interaction with the staff was excellent - you can tell they enjoy their restaurant and are happy to be there . i can not wait to come back to province as soon as possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my top 5 places downtown . upscale in a comfortable way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "priceless ! the only reason they get 2 stars is that the green salad was fresh and delicious ! the reason they should not have gotten 2 stars ... the server spilled my wine in my salad ... .brought me a new salad immediately but never offered to replace the spilled wine ... .really ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was so excited to try this place but , unfortunately , it did n't measure up . it was pretty vacant with only a few patrons in the bar and one couple in the restaurant . it had the feeling of a place that is n't going to survive . we got the mozzarella , tomato and garlic flatbread which was very lacking in flavor and the crust was soggy . based on the waitresses recommendation , we also got the shrimp tacos . they were ok flavor but , immediately fell apart - messy ! overall , the food was ok but the service did n't even rate that . unfortunately , i wo n't be back as we are blessed to have so many other fabulous places in town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was excited to try a new place . unfortunately our server ruined the experience . she had no interest in our table . the food was n't too bad but overpriced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely lo ed this place . great service ! ! good drinks , more like a chill environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for an early dinner before a show , pretty nice looking room . the service was kind if slow , seemed like they were understaffed , but when we got our food things got better . had the choriso and cheese dip , very creamy and tasty . then we shared the saffron rice shrimp dish , plenty to share and very good . the drinks were decent , so overall a nice experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved my lunch . i had the turkey club with sweet potatoe frys with sweet syrup dip . the taste was excellent and the potatoe nice and hot . i live the staff at the restaurant and my server christina was very attentive & sweet . i would highly recommend the food . the ambience is nice to . downtown phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trini was a great bartender who knew all of the answers to our questions and made amazing dirty martinis . after putting up with all our drunken shenanigans , she ran out after us to return our debit card , which we had forgotten . thumbs up to trini . we will definitely be going here again ! also , on christmas day , don was fabulous too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really excellent food - they changed chefs a while back . it 's in the weston , but it 's not hotel food . excellent ingredients and a wonderful staff make it a weekly stop over for us . debbie , our server , brings it from a 4 star to a 5 star . excellent service , always a step as head of us it 's somewhat expensive -but the patio with its secluded feel in the city and water wall to cool - along with the food , staff and overall ambience , make it worth the price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chose this dining experience based on ratings in yelp . food was mediocre and so was the service . the white sangria however was delicious and a steal at $ 5 during happy hour . was dining alone and sat at one of the bar tables . 10min later the bartender came over with my water and took order . where the heck was the rest of the staff , the remainder of the restaurant was empty . had the pork shank , which was unusual and tasted good . nothing spectacular with the favors though . finally more staff came to the bar , someone took my plate , i asked for the check and waited another 10min . seriously only a dozen customers in the place ... i 'm suppose 6pm was too early in the evening to expect decent service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mediocre food . i had the butternut squash ravioli and the pairing with alfredo was weird . my colleague had the miso glazed salmon and apparent that was alright . rustic apple tart for dessert was fine . service was good . just really overpriced , boring food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friend and i recently ate brunch here and the food was outstanding . as silly and simplistic as it may sound ... the eggs i had were cooked and seasoned absolutely perfectly ! the menu was varied enough to be fun for everyone and the cocktails were well mixed . is place is a keeper .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they no longer serve the delicious cinnamon rolls and the service was kind of lacking last time i was there . this used to be our favorite downtown breakfast spot but i 'm not sure if its worth the drive from chandler now .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've only come to this place for brunch but its always a good experience . its a nice way to have a quiet morning , especially after a long night . the food is n't too creative but its on point , well done from a technical standpoint . the staff is friendly and accommodating . as far as it being a hotel restaurant its impressive . it works really well with the hotel . example : it shares the adjoining courtyard which is lovely in the evenings . also when packing up your left over they give you the same classy condiments you get in hotel room service to go . a nice touch , i was impressed , and its hard to do that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unexpectedly wonderful . went on monday night of spring restaurant week . place was very quiet , not a lot of diners . everything was delicious and our server , emily was great . started with some complementary house made bread ( it had plaintains in it ) and an herbed dipping oil , then came the amuse bouche ( sweet potato cake with pulled pork ) . had the beef empanadas , skirt steak ( with a good chimichurri ) with frites and wait for it ... wait for it ... churros with dulce de leche caramel . only regret is that we could n't finish the churros . i had to ask if the food was always that great and was told that it was ( plus they just started their spring summer menu ) . it 's a bit of a drive for us , but we 'll be back . complementary valet parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate at the province restaurant while staying at the westin for a meeting . the outside patio has a really nice atmosphere and is good for catching up with friends . the bar inside is definitely more crowded and loud . the food was pretty good , they have an interesting menu of south american food . i had the stuffed peppers and the spiced scallops which was the perfect amount of food for dinner . it was also accompanied by the mixed red wine which was pretty fantastic . the second night i ate there , i had the spiked caesar salad . it was pretty good , but i was still hungry after , i should have added one more tapa . if i find myself at the westin again , i will definitely be having dinner at province .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the experience was awful from beginning to end : 1 . no greeter upon arrival . 2 . waited forever before order was taken . 3 . waitress was short ( what do you want ? ) 4 . water glasses smelled like dirty dishwater . when we told the waitress , she did n't even apologize . 5 . waited 10 minutes before complimentary appetizers ( heirloom tomatoes and homemade mozzarella was not very impressive ) were brought out to distract us from the wait . 6 . a total of 30 min went by before our food came out . 7 . grilled beef tenderloin was overcooked . medium rare came out medium well . could n't get out fast enough . definitely overrated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for dinner after a dbacks game . we got the puerto rico restaurant week deal which is well worth deal . for a sunday night it was pretty dead . the atmosphere and decor is nice , but the service was ok . i just did n't like how my plate was taken away when my date was still working hers . the food was good , but was n't over the top good . the coconut flan with caramel for dessert was very good . price seemed fair and i would come back again . went here for dinner after a dbacks game . we got the puerto rico restaurant week deal which is well worth deal . for a sunday night it was pretty dead . the atmosphere and decor is nice , but the service was ok . i just did n't like how my plate was taken away when my date was still working hers . the food was good , but was n't over the top good . the coconut flan with caramel for dessert was very good . price seemed fair and i would come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best downtown phoenix restaurant i 've been to . from walking in being greeted by amber to having some of the best service i 've ever had . there attention to detail ca n't be match . don and tommy at the bar experience was top class . being waited on by emily and sam was professional and fun . service can not be compared . i left feeling like i was on the set of cheers . everyone knew my name . awesome time ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and atmosphere are great here . it 's located on the bottom floor of the very nice westin hotel in downtown phoenix , az . i would recommend this place to friends and family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "province is much better for dinner than it is for breakfast . i seem to only frequent this place when i do n't want to venture out into the city in search of food and room service ( the restaurant is connected to the westin ) is n't an option . for dinner : i find the roasted beet & bleu cheese salad and scottish salmon to be my ultimate faves . i 've had the empanadas and barramundi cod before which were not as tasty . the drinks here are hit and miss , but they do have a lovely happy hour if you are ever able to make it in time . if you are n't in the mood for food , they have a great patio and bar area to unwind after a long day and don ( one of the regular bartenders ) is the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great customer service ! we sat at the bar and tried some items from the new menu . good food . great drinks . try the chocolate peanut butter dream . yum . stop in and see don , nick , & martin ... a friendly crew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a beautiful restaurant with a great patio for afternoon drinks or a sunny lunch date . on my last visit i had the roasted beet & bleu cheese salad which was to die for . i could eat that every day . i also had the bbq brisket sandwich which was a disappointment . it was good but below average compared to others i 've had . ( hey , i 'm from kansas city ; i take my bbq seriously . ) still worthy of five stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i too went to this establishment for az restaurant week and had an absolutely wonderful meal . the restaurant was quiet when we got there but that 's expected the time of night we were there and it being downtown phoenix . we had almost the exact meal as the previous reviewer so i wont bother telling you how wonderful and tasty the meal was so instead i 'll tell you how accommodating the wait staff was . my wife is at the end of her 1st tri-mester and eating is something that can go any direction . half way through dinner she felt full and did n't want to eat anymore because she wanted to try dessert . dessert took a little while to come out but when it arrived my wife could n't even eat a bite she started feeling quite ill and on the verge of crying i called over our waitress and explained the situation and asked if the dessert plate could be wrapped up . she was amazing and told us no problem and then came back a few minutes later with the sweet snacks . great evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed the fresh kale smoothie , calamari , and salad for lunch . nice patio with lots of shade made it a perfect stop on run for recharge . friendly staff and good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , mediocre quality cocktails so not a place to get a quality drink on . i went out of my comfort zone and tried tuna tartar tonight . wonderful . i had a bellini . it was tiny for the price and was not impressive . i did have the beef short rib and asparagus side . perfectly cooked and great flavor . staff is great . decor is subdued , it 's missing something . i would return again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was good but food was tasteless . called in advance to ask if they had a bloody mary bar and was told yes . upon arrival we were told it was offered only on holidays . dissapointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is good and the staff is very professional . a perfect place to eat that is close to downtown . i recommend the lounge and the restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my husband decided to have dinner here and we were not disappointed ! this place was great ! generous portions , delicious food , excellent service . if we ever find ourselves in this neck of the woods we will definitely be back for more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch here . great menu and seared tuna sandwich was great . ca n't wait to try dinner . heard dinner menu is fabulous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to province outdoor patio bar restaurant on a whim . the courtyard is charming and you can feel the bustle of downtown yet it 's not too much . andrea was great . and we can not say enough about sarah ! super vibrant , friendly and warm . she extended a wealth of knowledge about wine and liquor along with perfect pairings . the staff went above and beyond . we ordered apps ... tuna tartare , calamari , kale salad and the food was prepared perfectly . this is one of our new favorite regular hangouts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hotel restaurants are almost always disappointing and this was no exception . the food is not fresh and out of the six things i got to sample i was disappointed with every single one of them . the burger was really boring , lettuce and tomatoes looked like cafeteria food . the salmon appetizer was inedible . the tortillas on the shrimp tacos were stale . not surprisingly , it was also overpriced . in fairness the service was actually great . our waitress was very attentive and helpful . i jokingly suggested baja fresh on the walk over and kinda wish we had gone there instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gladys , alex , dani and nick are the best bartenders . they were willing to stay open to serve several spg platinum members and ensure their satisfaction with the hotel . thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and awesome food . our waitress is fabulous . my omelette was cooked to perfection . my husband devoured the french toast with the caramelized apples . coffee is outstanding and the atmosphere is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch spectacular sweet potato fries . a great surprise for a `` hotel '' eatery . good service and the manager was very nice and explained that they also have wine dinners periodically , at a very good price . worth a stop if you are in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went for brunch and it was very good . the pork belly potatoes hash was my favorite . i had to order another one because they were so good . the place is on the nicer side but the wait stuff was very nice . i also ordered the omelet it was good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here for breakfast - fantastic ! great decor , super friendly staff and the food was so good . got the special , biscuits and gravy with some hash , eggs and potatoes , so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : they changed chefs . it is just a terribly average place now . completely different recipes and no attention to detail . the place is now also disgustingly filthy . vacuum the floors and clean the chairs sometimes ? original 5 star review : i 've been to many places around us , but the omelette , potatoes and the strawberry-chocolate jam here are by far the best . excellent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "restaurant longe . le service y est agr\u00e9able , la viande une tuerie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not impressed at all . the goat cheese fondue was pretty good but the steak with chimi churri and fries was barely an ok . the service was good and the decor is really nice but for the prices , you could do way better . they 're doing a `` latin america food tour '' and it was peru 's turn . i did n't have the peruvian menu but my friend who had it was pleased . i guess i would n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time at this little jewel in downtown phoenix . today was the second part of their menu relaunch . casey , my server was very polite and cordial as was the rest of the staff . the roasted butternut squash soup was delicious . entree was a vegetarian sandwich with french fries . only complaints : ( a ) ratio of fries to the sandwich was too large . three-fourths of the plate was the fries , ( b ) personal opinion , but the sandwich needed a touch more seasoning . overall , a very wonderful experience and i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ribeye is a must ! order the chicken entree as an appetizer & enjoy the best two things on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only had drinks . seemed overpriced but typical for a hotel bar . nice patio outside for enjoying nice warm phoenix evening", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to province for brunch and also for dinner . the food is delicious and the service is impeccable . the westin phoenix is a beautiful hotel in downtown phoenix . even though it is in the heart of downtown , the patio has been designed for privacy and comfort . the manager and his staff go out of their way to make your visit a wonderful one . go on a friday evening , and see the flamenco dancers . me and a friend went last friday night , and a flamenco guitarist played music while male and female flamenco dancers danced . it was wonderful . dinner , drinks and a free show - you ca n't beat it ! oliver was our waiter , and he was just great . he is friendly and professional , and was able to give us good suggestions to meet our dietary needs ( gluten allergies ) . this is one of my new favorite places ! i will definitely be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch at the bar using the luncheon menu rosemary chicken was to die for . beef skewers delicious . warm spinach salad was lite and refreshing . tried the wood ford bourbon - what a smooth sipping whiskey had to try a second one to be sure staff was attentive and atmosphere were inviting . whole experience was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful , relaxing , excellent food , excellent service , great location , and great for business or a romantic evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while staying at the westin hotel in downtown phoenix for a couple of days , we decided to have breakfast at the province restaurant mainly due to convenience , since it was inside of the hotel . we were all very pleased with the entire dining experience . the food was absolutely delicious , but the real icing on the cake was the fabulous service we received from debbie . she greeted us with a smile and such a positive energetic attitude . she went over and beyond what was expected , as far as making sure all our needs were met . you can bet the next time i stay in the downtown phoenix area and dine at province , i will specifically request to be seated in debbie 's section .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice atmosphere . the service was friendly and prompt . we ordered wine , appetizers , entrees and dessert . the espresso creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e was delicious . well worth a try if you 're in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best . raquel is a great server , the manager is amazing , she looks like actress shani smith . the caesar is real , the hamburger served the way it is suppose to on real toasted bread . this place is not for kids ! ! ! ! ! yeah ! ! ! valet parking . take the light rail ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "passport dinner to cuba was a treat for my taste buds last night , enhanced by our amazing server , emily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met at hotel for business meeting , which spilled over to dinner . decided to stay in site and eat at the local restaurant . i had the shrimp scampi which was very good , with plenty of shrimp . my biz associate had the free range chicken that must have still been on the range , as it was well under cooked . however the staff handled it very well and took the dish back for more cooking . will try this place again . service was good . ambiance very nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoyed reading the dinner menu and the food sounded like it would be good ... i just never got a chance to eat any as no one ever came to wait on me after i was seated , so i left . i ended up getting some truly awful food at some place a few blocks away , but at least the service was good ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we visited province on a friday night and the place was not very busy . i like places that have a lot of action and this was not one of them . downtown phoenix has a long way to go . food was great ! crowd not so much . if this review was based on the food alone i would give it 4-5 stars but ambience is huge . their patio was pretty nice even though it was way too hot to sit outside . one annoying thing about phoenix restaurants is they keep it freezing inside but then it 's too hot to sit outside . is n't there a happy medium ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my fiance and i had a great brunch at province . like a lot of people , we had the travelzoo deal , which came with tasty mimosas , some delicious granola , coffee , and 2 amazing entrees . i loved the superfood skillet . the menu overall is pretty limited , but everything is great . service is excellent . everyone was very kind . plus , valet is free with validation . if i lived in downtown phoenix , i would for sure return . for people who live outside the immediate area , i 'm not completely sure it 's worth the trip . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a good hotel restaurant for when traveling . the mahi and grilled shrimp are both tasty options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "genia was a phenomenal bartender . so nice and so knowledgeable . she made my out of town group feel right at home . friendly , personable , and so well-versed in the local beer selection ... i can not speak highly enough of her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 of us had dinner last nite in the courtyard and it was exceptional . great environment , hint of city life outside , sound of water , and really exceptional food ! havana pork excellent , asparagus salad outrageous , halibut tasty , and our waiter sam is one of the very best . he 's beginning a career as a singer and so you you get to provinc while he 's still there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful ! the poutine is amazing - so worth the extra time on the treadmill . service is always on-point , friendly , and very knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was bland and lacked any real character . i expected more from the westin but after the appetizers were brought out before the wine , my disappointment continued to falter . the `` fondue '' was bread with a small bowl of cheese that curiously shared a similar texture and taste of velveeta . the salad was 100 % iceberg drowned in dressing which added mediocre flavor at best . i 've had better salads by buying pre-made bags from the grocery store . my main dish , a 16oz steak was overcooked and while palatable , in no way merited its hefty price . there is a reason this restaurant was nearly empty on a saturday night and like most hotel dining establishments , it tries but nowhere near succeeds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for lunch with a business guest . service was excellent and menu was not the typical lunch menu . restaurant is excellent for entertaining people from outside the united states . will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to say this was one of the most amazing meals that i 've had since i 've been here . was n't particulary hungry but wanted something fairly light . scott b , who was my server , was very accommodating and knowledgeable about the menu . the chef , martin scott , prepared the most amazing shrimp pasta meal that was light and filling at the same time . they changed pasta type from fettucini to angel hair pasta which made the meal a little lighter for me , which i thought was flavorful and wonderful . i come to phoenix about every 6 weeks and rarely eat at the hotel but i will change my ways after this visit . thanks for being so accommodating and welcoming !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a quick lunch as part of a business meeting and hoped to find a new choice for downtown . the service was attentive as the restaurant was nearly empty ( at 11:45 am ) , but our server knew next to nothing about the menu items . he also seemed incapable of making eye contact , which was just odd . the lentil soup was very good , though the portion was also very small . i coupled that with a flat bread that was somewhat bland . my guest had a chopped salad that she had to send back once . when it came out again , it was fine , but nothing about it stood out . all in all , it seems like your standard hotel restaurant -- eat there if you 're stuck in the building , but get out if you 're not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a wonderful experience dinner at province urban was . we made reservations with open table for 7 and arrived around 6:30 so we decided to have a few drinks at the bar . our bartender genia was super friendly , out going , and enthusiastic . genia 's fabulous customer service is the reason we chose to enjoy our dinner at the bar . genia was helpful in recommending meals to try . i went with the cauliflower steak and the house salad which were amazing ! ! even if you are n't a vegetarian ( which i am not ) i strongly encourage you to try the cauliflower steak . my boyfriend had the tasty chicken and rice soup along with the mahi entree for dinner which he throughly enjoyed . genia was also helpful with our drink choices . she recommended beer for my bf to try and offered samples without being asked . what a fabulous restaurant with even more fabulous employees . genia rocks ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! i had brunch here on a saturday with my husband and his mother . everything was perfect . we started with the fruit and yogurt plate . light and tasty . husband had the eggs benedict - he was happy and is quite the food critic . mom and i each had the croque madam . delish ! service was excellent . ambiance was soothing . i only wish it was n't so hot out so i could enjoy the terrace . will definitely be back once weather cools .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great addition to the downtown phoenix dining scene . we 've been here several times now and each time they 've varied their menu just enough to always keep our interest . not currently on the menu , but worth ordering is their seafood paella , with a delicious sauce featuring just a hint of coffee . i know it sounds a bit odd , but it really works . we 've also had the empanadas and the meatballs ( served in the cutest little staub casserole ) . i 'm especially fond of their desserts , including the honey crisp stack served with dulce de leche ice cream and the spectacular coffee and donuts , warm little donut holes sprinkled liberally with cinnamon and sugar and served with a coffee ice cream and dark chocolate ganache ~ absolutely heavenly . although this is a very generous portion , if you have any dedicated chocoholics or coffee addicts in your party , you may need to order one per person , it 's really that good ! lovely outdoor patio and charming staff make this one of our favorite places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding restaurant . service was great and waiters and waitresses were very friendly . in a nice location in westin hotel in downtown phoenix . food was very good and a nice surprise too . we thought it would be an average hotel restaurant but the burger we had was insanely good . the calamari for appetizer was also excellent . all for a good price too . only downside is the small menu , not much besides the burger and calamari .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to downtown phoenix and went for some cocktails on thursday night with 2 friend s and had a great time . the bartender and drinks were fantastic plus with how busy it was the service was great . i went back on saturday for breakfast and that experience was great also . i had the breakfast tacos and my friend had the ham & eggs which was served fast and hot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tasty tapas and unique latin flavors . a little pricey but you do n't feel like you 're in phoenix out on the patio which is a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like to think i 'm a good local , but i never knew of this place until the travelzoo offer came . a wonderful brunch spot right in downtown phoenix ( inside westin hotel ) . the decor is lovely and the service is on point , but the menu is also quite interesting . my favorite part is that they brew intelligentsia coffee ( a chicago favorite ) . one criticism : if the menu states 'roasted red peppers ' i do not expect yellow , which are not as tasty . overall , great experience i will repeat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for valentine 's day with my girlfriend . upon entering the restaurant i was immediately impressed with the decor and atmosphere . the whole place had an ultramodern feel , with smooth latin music softly playing in the background . we started off with some cocktails and shared their delicious crab cake . we also delved into their cevichi which was good but not super impressive . my main course was salmon which was very savory and not overcooked but i wished it had been served with some rice to compliment the vegetables . for dessert we shared a chocolate cake dish in addition to a strawberry concoction , both paired with a raspberry champagne . the service was impeccable , the wait staff even folded our napkins when we got up to go to the restrooms . overall i enjoyed my meal , the ambiance was good , but the food was just okay , and in my opinion slightly over-priced . however it was very romantic and i had a great time dining there !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "usually when i restaurant is in a hotel , i will step away and go somewhere else - this was the exception , and thank goodness we stayed . from the moment we sat down , the staff was attentive , but not hoovering . we were served a little taste , before we even had a chance to look at the menu and then got excited to look at the menu . everything from the `` little starter taste '' , to the pear salad , to the salmon , ( and when everything else is that good , you have to do dessert ! ) our server recommended the stack cake - which was also amazing . you could be dressed up or casual - either way was okay . we dined outside to enjoy the balmy evening - great atmosphere , quiet , did not seem like a `` hotel restaurant '' - can hardly wait for my next trip to phoenix to dine there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love breakfast , especially benedicts , traditional or otherwise . my poached eggs were over cooked . what 's worse was when my waiter told me they 've never had a complaint and that next time i should order them differently . pic is posted , you be the judge .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today was my first time and the fish tacos and taco tuesday special ( pork and pineapple salsa ) we 're amazing ! i enjoyed their draft choices , but felt it took a bit to get greeted at the bar . our bartender took great care of us and was very sweet . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food . sit outside . its always slow here . i like food and drinks and atmosphere . just wish they were quicker and wouldnt screw up so much", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for valentines day . when i set the reservation i asked to be sat on the patio , then asked again when i confirmed the reservation via telephone and was assured this would n't be a problem . when we came in the hostess was very dismissive and just said it was reserved for other people . we sat inside and the food was good , but nothing special . the only reason this is n't a 1 star review is because our waitress was very nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the ambiance is kind of hotel restauranty but the food is very good ! we started with queen creek warm olives and valencia style shrimp . both were excellent . and then our waitress brought out a great cornbread muffin with chipotle butter . we shared the skirt steak which was cooked perfectly with an awesome chimichurri on top . service was awesome and they have a great wine selection . overall , an excellent dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking for a place to try for lunch near work in the downtown area . little to no lunch time crowd which is great if you want quietness & no rush . i ordered the ultimate pblt w shoe string fries-it was delicious ! my co-worker ordered `` the big rooster . '' she said it was very tasty & flavorful . i was expecting the chicken breast to be a bit bigger since it is `` the big rooster '' the tomatoes were bigger ... service was very nice & attentive , but it felt a bit slow when returning w extra condiments ... noticed that side chatter w employees were more important ... granted it was slow , but still ... willing to go back to try other times on the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the province not only has amazing food , but the staff is absolutely incredible . the hostess beverly martin is the sweetest person you will ever have the pleasure of meeting , the waitresses are fantastic . and their manager andrea toro is amazing as well . by far this is the best customer service experience i have ever had . i give them , and the food my highest regards ! please visit them they know how to treat you like royalty there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here before a concert - what a great little place ! located inside the westin , it 's a hip funky boutique restaurant with an emphasis on spanish cuisine . they have a large selection of tapas and if you want to make a meal out of tapas , order at least 2 or 3 . the drinks were inventive and tasty . our cocktails came with bleu cheese stuffed olives and the waitress was kind enough to bring us a couple extra . the little jar of mushrooms and goat cheese was divine . the beef empanadas were moist and cooked perfectly . the shrimp tacos were superb . had we not been a bit pressed for time , i would have liked to stay for dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i th k the food is really god here ! i ate lunch here twice and the asian salad and beef and blue are both delicious . fresh and light , nice presentation and vibe . very much enjoyed it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service fabulous food great locations . wonderful wine list . rotating fresh menu with a few classics that are standard", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get the calamari and a salad and slap those two bad boys together and youve gotna fantastic meal ! be sure to use the the black olive dip as your dressing ... pair with a perfect martini", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good service . one of the best lattes that i have had in a while . the pancakes were amazing ; toasted pecans were devine . hollandaise on the benedict was amazing . nice ambience and lots of space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here , with a classmate , during our lunch break at asu . really nice place . i had the p.b.l.t . served with sea salt fries . it was really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located in the westin hotel in downtown phoenix . convenient complimentary free valet parking with validation in the restaurant . nice setting . very friendly staff . great service . a little expensive for the portion size . the food was nicely prepared . tasted fine . everything is ala cart . if you are hungry or a big eater you will need an appetizer as the portions are a bit on the skimpy side and come without any sides . the calamari are thick strips as opposed to the traditional rings . they were excellent . the shrimp was nicely prepared and consisted of 6 on a skewer over kimwah . duck was just 2 small breasts and duck wrapped in skin . it was excellent but skimpy portion . i would recommend this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty typical hotel bar in the westin with a full menu . i will say that the service here , in particular the bartenders , was very good and pushed my impression of this place up a notch . certainly a great place to have a drink , but like most hotel bistro type places , the food is debateable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was surprised ! arrived around 12pm and had the dining area mostly to ourselves . there was a chilly breeze that day , otherwise we would have taken advantage of their beautiful outdoor seating . i ordered an asian-inspired salad and a fresh green smoothie , and i loved them both ! so refreshing ! there was a talented man jamming on his guitar playing covers for us , the live entertainment was a little loud but i enjoyed it nonetheless : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best bar , meals , and service in downtown phoenix , period . bartender , genia , was so welcoming when we sat down to have a drink -- what a treasure province has in her ! our company hosted a dinner for about 25 of us , and i can not say enough about the superb service . they remembered who had gluten issues and served them alternative courses including dessert , they knew who ordered what . drinks were served promptly . appetizers were delicious . i was n't crazy about the farm-raised salmon , ( spoiled by wild fish ! ) but it was served on a bed of delicious lentils and we absolutely had such a great time that four of us returned for lunch today . honestly , i would have eaten every meal at province , given the choice ! fresh and delicious with a warm welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work nearby and visit maybe every other month . i like the menu , the ambience and the service except for ... ... .. ( management coaching opportunities : ) 1 ) diners should not be interrupted while clearly engaged in a conversation and 2 ) plates should not be cleared one at a time ( but instead when all diners have finished their meals . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 're always looking for great places to eat prior to performances at the herberger theater and province has made the list . trendy decor , excellent service , and they validate for the weston 's valet parking . beer fondue was a great starter , herb encrusted chicken was tasty and cooked perfectly and the donuts for dessert were beautifully presented and had a great combination of flavors . the manager was very attentive to all customers and pitched in to support his servers . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok , nothing special . the portions were pretty good , but overall , i felt it was on the pricey side for what was offered .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually do n't have much expectation when going to hotel restaurants and order in-room dining services , especially alone on a business trip . just grab something to fill teh stomach and time . but i realize my eyes and appetite open my mind at province . here are two specialties i like the most . for breakfast , try superfood skillet - [ scrambled egg whites , spinach , tomatoes , mushrooms , peppers , onion & avocado served over sweet potato hash ] i have n't seen any skillet is so prepared with wellness in mind . simple materials cook hot inside but nothing burnt outside . adding a bit tabasco , it 's my welcoming breakfast for an energetic day to go . second recommendation is their smoothie - [ kale , spinach , banana , mango , and cinnamon ] this is really what i call power food that boost your morning drill . creamy , thick , zesty , and green literally . nice vibe in the evening for one or two mixed drinks and some chats with interesting souls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for brunch because we had a voucher . overall i was impressed by our meal . my husband and i ate outside on the patio which was very pleasant . we ordered coffee ( 3.5 ) and i ordered a bloody mary which was a little on the spicy side but tasted fresh and my husband ordered a mimosa ( $ 6 each ) . we shared the seasonal fruit plate which has a nice variety of fruit including strawberries , cantaloupe , honeydew , blueberries , blackberries , and pineapples , but the melon was not ripe and some strawberries were over ripe ( $ 8 ) . i ordered the corned beef benedict ( $ 11 ) and my husband ordered the classic benedict ( $ 12 ) . the corned beef was a little dry , but i should have expected that ! the hollandaise was tart . best breakfast potatoes i have ever had ! we made a reservation per our voucher request but the place was almost empty . i was disappointed that the westin does not have complementary parking for its guests .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great shrimp and steak tacos . washed it down with a ketel and sprite . great service . good ambiance . nice spot to grab a drink after work . not too packed . reasonable pricing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eh , so-so . looking for a place to go at the last minute before a symphony show . feels very hotel-ish . thinking the atmosphere is much better when the evening weather is warmer and the pretty patio is open . my recollection of the food is that it was average , as were the prices . not terrible , not wowed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so disappointed with the food . everything i had for breakfast was totally bland . my over medium eggs were over cooked and had 0 seasoning , the ham did n't even taste like ham , which is odd because it 's naturally salty . everything needed salt and pepper . even the sausage links ( which i usually love ) had no sear and no flavor . the beet and kale juice was even a bit flat , needed more ginger and apple . i juice at home and it does n't take much at all to make a good juice . it tasted like they cut the juice with water to thin it out and make more $ $ off of it . the seating area outside was very comfortable and visually pleasant . if you 're just going there to look at the seating areas you 'll have a good time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here with my family for thanksgiving brunch . the staff was helpful and on top of their game . the food was great ! they had breakfast food and the traditional turkey dinner . decor is contemporary and they have a beautiful patio . they had a live jazz band playing on the patio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "work in the area , went for lunch . server was slow and impolite . took entirely too long to place our order . green tomatoes for an appetizer , be warned , small serving sizes , which is fine as long as the food is of good quality . in this case the tomatoes were tasteless and the breading was plentiful and over cooked . the entrees we ordered , salad , sandwich , burger , were all acceptable but nothing spectacular . some of the fris\u00e9e lettuce in my salad was not cleaned well . overall , the staff gives off a very haughty energy . the quality of the food does n't live up to the manner of the staff here and i 've enjoyed much finer food at better restaurants with far better service . save your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "second visit with summer menu - just as great as our first experience . i look forward to taking clients here and meeting friends at the bar after work etc . province will continue to be a suggestion for my central phoenix friends looking to try something refreshing and new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food served was pretty good . but the service took so long to arrive . one of our orders was just forgotten . overall , not a very good experience dining here . i wo n't recommend it to any one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "don , the bartender in the hotel bar , is a delight for any out of owner . very clean , nice ambiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had lunch here and the menu has changed a great deal . the food has certainly gotten better . i had avocado toast with burrata covered in grapes and grape tomatoes . unbelievable . it 's an appetizer , but i feel full but not gross . so yummy and creamy . give it a try . their barrel aged manhattans are excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with my honey last friday night - fantastic . chris jacome was playing his incredible flamenco music while his wife lena danced , which was amazing ( they are great and will be there every friday evening thru july ! ) . our waiter kyle was awesome and left us wanting for nothing the whole night . the food was delicious . i think we may have to go back next friday ... thanks for a perfect night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had doubts due to the current rating but this place has been updated , the service and food were 5 star worthy ! if you 've been here and have any less than 5 stars please give them another chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we will be back here really soon ! our service was excellent and the food was awesome . the restaurant was clean and bright with a small bar . we started with the blanket shrimp which were crunchy deliciousness . we both had the pho . the broth was fragrant and well seasoned . the noodles were a bit to toothier than i have had previously and i really like that . the condiments were a bit more scarce as i wish fried garlic was served with it . they do have chili oil upon request . we had fried bananas with coconut ice cream to finish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a find ! we came by thinking to get some light appetizers and soups and were pleasantly surprised by how comfortable the restaurant looked to be . big windows , clean , and a rather modern interior . we decided against takeout and managed to get seated right away despite the healthy saturday night dinner crowd . food-wise , we ordered the tom yum soup and the chicken pho - both were very good in terms of quality and authenticity of taste . the pho , in particular , was on point - and came with a good amount of chicken and fresh garnishings ( sprouts , basil , lime wedge and sliced jalapeno ) on the side . four stars for the food + inviting ambiance . adding a 5th star for the good service ( not typical of asian places ) and not dumbing down the food for the midwestern palate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pho in summit county ! ! ! great service clean environment and the food is always fresh and delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummm . this place was so delicious . we tried the monsoon chicken , shrimp blankets and pad thai . everything was mouthwatering . the portions are huge so you can definitely share or plan on going home with leftovers . frances was our waitress and she was awesome . completely knowledgeable on the thai food traditions and helped us make a decision on our meals . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you must eat here if you like thai ! the portions are ginormous ! delicious food- we 've had several plates but my go-to is the pad thai . the drink selection is also pretty impressive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the most amazing duck pho in akron ! defiantly a must try . very well priced . great customer service . a well hidden gem in cuyahoga falls !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing find ! i drove by & popped in for last minute take out . i enjoyed talking with the owner while i waited and he recommended some great lunch specials ! food was fast , delicious and healthy . i 'll definitely be coming back and trying a new dish every visit : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband & i have been waiting for months to finally see this place open and were pleased with the atmosphere and friendliness of the staff . although it is somewhat casual , it is also somewhat business casual as well & would be a nice , quiet place to take a date or have good conversation with clients . i ordered their drunken noodles with chicken , i have to admit , i 've had better . it 's not that it was bad , i just did n't feel it had enough sauce and it was somewhat bland . but my husband loved their pho & said it was better than the other local restaurants ! we also enjoyed their hot tea ( i 'm not sure what type it was ) and beautiful presentation of their dishes . i would gladly go back & give this place a second try , i ca n't wait to try their pumpkin topped custard !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after trying nearly every thai restaurant in the akron area , this has become our go to . awesome portion sizes and very flavorful . owners are extremely nice as well . we highly recommend the red curry . sadly , their pad see ewe and pad thai are n't as good as other places , but the curry and other creative dishes more than make up for it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! delicious thai served with thoughtfulness and fun . lemongrass is a fun place to dine where they take thai food seriously . wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere at the new thai place in town . i got the crispy duck , she got the stir fry . we were both very satisfied . i 've eaten all the local thai places and travel quite a bit to others . this place is on par and little bit cheaper than average . i asked for a bit of hot oil for my dish and they brought out roasted hot pepper that was amazing . also the thai iced tea here is huge ! good date place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here with a big group for my boyfriend 's birthday and had a great meal ! i bought him the very boozy volcano drink , which was embarrassing in size ( which is what i was going for ) but delicious . he got green curry with duck , which i ended up eating a good portion of because it was so . tasty . he is a curry snob so his bar is set very high . it was a large portion and he ate it for ... well , late night snack after we left . i got the pad see ew , which i always judge a thai restaurant by . it was good . not my favorite pad see ew , as it was lacking certain depth of flavor and did n't have much sauce . nice atmosphere too ! overall a great meal , all of our friends enjoyed it too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "by far the best thai in the akron area . clean restaurant with friendly staff ! ! ! i got the shrimp rolls as my appetizer and was shocked to see the huge shrimp ! not like other local thai restaurants who use the frozen walmart shrimp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . the staff is very friendly and welcoming . i asked are there any specials ? meng , the owner told me about `` crying tiger '' , something new that he will be adding to the menu . wow ! it was a explosion of many flavors in my mouth . it is super . the mussels appetizer is superb . you 've got to try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the chicken pho to go , i was afraid i would get less of a portion because it was a to go order but no ! it was so plentiful and good and fresh ! ! also got the summer roll was delicious . definitely recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just went to lemongrass for the first time , and i was so pleasantly surprised . the atmosphere , the service , and the food ( quality and portion size ! ) was all exceptional ! we started off with the chicken curry puffs , which were great and samosa-like , with a fantastic sweet dipping sauce . we then shared the chicken pad see ew and beef red curry . the food came out very quickly ! we were very pleased with the seasoning and flavors of both ! a+ experience overall , and i ca n't wait to go back and try the duck pho !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thai place i 've ever been to . excellent service , excellent food . restaurant is very clean , and the manager ( maybe owner , not sure ) is always there and is very welcoming . the green curry is so good ! every friend i 've introduced to this place loves it , and returns often . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to the lemongrass grill the other day for lunch , very nice place , going back sometime soon for dinner . i ordered the pad thai shrimp from the smiling waitress who was very accommodating . the pad thai was one of the best i ever had and reasonably priced . if your looking for thai food , this is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know this restaurant is new , but they definitely need to work on some issues . the food is not very good , and the service was not either . we ordered an appetizer , salad , and entrees . the entrees came out 45 minutes after we order but no appetizer and salad . we told the waitress to cancel the appetizer and salad . she looked confused , and said the chef almost had them ready . she also never came back , and we had to ask for drink refills . the entrees ( red chicken curry and pad thai ) were not very good . unless we hear it changes , we will not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really excellent . a lot of variety , charismatic staff , and delicious food . all around great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am excited to have a thai restaurant in munroe falls . the atmosphere is wonderful , and the staff is friendly . the food was good , but not great . in fact , i have had better in every other local thai restaurant . the pad thai was over cooked and bland . it tasted like ketchup over mushy noodles . my husband loved the garlic shrimp , but again , the veggies were over cooked . the thai iced tea was delicious , and so were the shrimp rolls . we got a carry out menu , so we 're willing to try again . i 'm hoping the restaurant improves and prospers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . frances , our waitress , was wonderful . she was quick and responsive , and never sat idle . the food was fresh and came out in a reasonable amount of time . we had a great experience and will definitely return . if you 're looking for an asian restaurant that is quaint and of high quality , this place is reliable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit here . the parking lot is very small but the food is amazing . i had coconut soup and the old siam and i was n't disappointed . even my 4 year old loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i visited lemongrass yesterday . i gave them 3 stars . first off the atmosphere was decent . restaurant is new so everything is clean . we got seated right away . they did n't take our order for 20 min . we ordered shrimp and beef pad thai , shrimps on blankets and 2 pho . the pad thai and shrimp in blankets was tasty but i do n't recommend getting the pho . the flavor is there but the smell of the pho threw me off . pho comes with a dish of veggies . the veggies came in a very small amount . the bean spout was brown and looked old . while eating i felt really uncomfortable , the staff kelp watching us eat . overall i 'll say the place is ok . i 'll try it once but probably wo n't come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "new favorite restaurant ! the food here is amazing , hot and inexpensive ! order a cocktail , they come in fun glasses . the wait staff can sometimes neglect to check on you , but overall it 's a great place to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is great , prices reasonable , large portions . and the chicken fried rice with pineapple is soooo delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried to like this place , it 's close and the staff is very friendly . i 've dined in several times and have gotten takeout . the quality of the food is fine but it 's very americanized and many of the dishes are sweet . i just do n't understand why the food is so sweet . my kids even think it 's too sweet . i hope they start making some authentic thai dishes because i would definitely come back for spicy authentic thai but not the sugar-laden americanized dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice decor and atmosphere . very clean . outdoor seating available . i have been here several times and the food is consistently delicious . service is great . tables are n't too close together . drinks are good . overall , a very pleasant experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food , atmosphere and staff all make for wonderful experience ! portion is more then worth the price and the flavor is out of this world ! ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prices are reasonable and comparable to other local thai places , but the serving size here seems much more plentiful . everything we got tasted great and came out quickly . the waitress was prompt and extremely nice . the place was nice and clean . will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "between the pho and the dinner 's i have n't had a bad dish . generous portion with authentic flavors is a nice change from the crap i 've had from trying other thai restaurants . also the crab rangoon is made with a really light flaky dough , maybe filo , it 's amazingly light but savory .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great thai menu with a lot of variety . very nice interior , although not what you might expect for a thai restaurant . i gave it 4 stars because there are thai restaurants i prefer , but you really can not lose here , much better still than what passes as the best in many other cities . akron is just so rich in thai restaurants , it is difficult to stand out . not a lot of parking . nice place for lunch or dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first visit but it sure wo n't be my last ! the service was stellar ... thank you frances ! the food was amazing . we had summer rolls & spring rolls for an appetizer . i had the drunken noodles with chicken and my brother had the green curry . the food was not only delicious but beautifully presented . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no no no . this is not good thai food . this is more like a chinese thai type of a restaurant . i ordered three different things and they were all bland ! i was very disappointed . the service was good though and the restaurant appeared to be clean . i thought the decor was fine . i even liked the polish cement floors . the bathroom could 've used a good scrubbing though . will i go back , no !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the `` volcano '' . very tasty , not too spicy . atmosphere pleasant , service good . i would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lemongrass grill had the best thai food i have ever tasted . the waitress that served me was very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best thai food in the area . yellow curry chicken is creamy and drunken noodles are highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "el pollo loco free chicken for mothers day http : bit.ly bymas , http : bit.ly nlkum , http : bit.ly nzgpu", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming here since i was a kid . i hbe find memories of el pollo loco and family discussions around the dinner table . flame grilled chicken and fresh tortillas always make for good eats . i have never been into a dirty resteraunt and i have never had an order messed up . but i must say the drive thru at this location takes forever ! literally over 15 minutes every time i come . even with only a few cars in front of me . i do n't know what the hold up is all the time or if language barriers are an issue but el pollo loco needs to figure it out ... at least at this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "last review i left was for what used to.be my favorite el.pollo loco . last 2 visits were very disappointing . the drive thru window is slacking now . dont ask me if i want salsa if your not going to give it ( last two visits they forgot the salsa ! ! ! ) this time no salsa , tortillas , napkins or a reciept . so disappointed . i will continue to visit this place , sucks i have to babysit you and double check my order . come on guys get your shit back together ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a young female employee with straight dark brown hair did not wash her hands when leaving the restroom when i visited on saturday , march 25 . she had plastic food handling gloves on which she removed when exiting the bathroom , but still gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were here about 4 days ago . we are very hungry and the guy told us the chicken will be 40 more mins . wtf ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they called us up when are food was n't even ready and we waited 40 mins to an hour to actually get it.the general manger was being disrespectful to my squad and her employees . this location ai n't shit . will not be going back . if i could give them a zero rating that 's what it would be .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "from 3 31 15 i 'm not a fan ; the food was sub par at best ! i got a burrito , and the beans were hard and undercooked as if they were not prepped overnight as you would do with fresh beans . i 'm not saying my expectations where high , but cooked beans in my burrito would have been awesome . the only reason i am giving three stars is because my cashier was really nice and helpful .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love el pollo loco chicken . this location is hit or miss if you get good chicken . the lines in the drive thru are always super long during lunch time and in the evening so be prepared to wait . on this particular trip i was especially peeved because they did not give me salsa . i do n't know if i will come back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this location is new so i wanted to try it out and this place sucks . i ordered churros and they usually come with 2 per order they only gave me 1. so i was like ok then . the churro is burnt and it has no cinnamon and sugar on it . the burrito is n't that great either it 's dry and they overcooked the chicken . if u want good tasting food that is correctly cooked do n't come here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was so impressed tonight with the service at this restaurant . it was quick hot friendly . thank you for a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chicken is alright . the commercial is very misleading because my chicken did not look like the one on tv . the sides were alright and the salsa bar was good until i witnessed a 3 year old girl slobbering all over the spoon and vigorously dipping her infested hands in to the sauce salsa containers . very unappealing to say the least . i told the child 's mother and the store manager about the blatant condiment violation and they both looked at me with the intent to trick me that they did not speak english . they succeeded because the little girl was still using the salsa bar as her private playground . no salsa for me ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this has become a regular stop for lunch during the work day . on a recent visit , my el tradicional burrito had a pretty nice sized bone in the middle of it . yes , i found yet another bone in my chicken from two different chains now . this time , instead of being a big chunk of bone , it was a nice sized rib by the looks of it . i tried calling the store to let the manager know their staff should be a little more careful , no answer . i know how busy they get during the day , so i figured i would call a different time . no answer . a different day , before the daily lunch rush . no answer . fill out a form on the corporate website , receive only an autoresponder email . next visit in , i brought the bone and receipt , manager was too busy to step away . oh well , i 'll keep eating there , the chicken is pretty good . will have to see if i have already filled my quota of chicken bone incidents for 2012 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's el pollo loco . unfortunately , during the summer they are n't that keen on cooling the place to make it a pleasurable dining experience . also , at sunset , there is very little window shading so the sun blinds you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is always crowded , if touching expect lines of people . besides that the food is always ready and very delicious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the crazy chicken , this location is my fav because its on my own from the gym . fast and `` healthy '' , it is healthy depending on what your order consist of . new remodeled ( restaurant and employees ) , service is fast , employees are nice . this location gets 4stars for cleanliness ( that includes the outside of the restaurant as well as the bathrooms ) it 's rare to go to a place 2hrs before closing and the bathrooms are clean . i appreciate that , what more can i say ? its el pollo loco i order the same every time i go : 3 wings and a loco salad w flour tortillas ( do n't judge me i need the carbs ) nothing out of the ordinary but i like it better than the fried chicken places", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's 8:55 pm . i was at your restaurant at 8:20pm . i ordered legs and thighs 8 piece . was told we 're out of that chicken . for 3 $ more i could order mixed chicken . mixed cost more . no explanation just buy it or leave . so i left . get it together el pollo loco . you ca n't run out of some chicken and not other . that 's your main item menu for g sakes . at least offer me the 8 piece mixed for a discounted price of legs and thighs . that is called thinking outside the box . after reading all the reviews of this location my complaint is 100 % justified . wow shape up or ship out is what i have to say .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as always the chicken is pretty good but they forgot to include salsa on my 4 piece meal . the $ 5 classic pollo bowl should be called 'rice & beans bowl . ' i hardly found any pollo in it ! fast & friendly service on drive thru .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best values out here . fast food or not . i simply love their cilantro dressing . their chicken burritos and roll ups are out of site . especially when you dip them in the cilantro dressing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love el pollo loco , but this location by my work sucks ! i have gone here a couple times to see if it would be better , and it has sucked every time time ! i am on my lunch break , so i go through the drive thru . i order a double chicken tostado with no sour cream . 9 10 times i get my order back with sour cream.. i have to give it back to them , and wait longer for the correct order . when i get my drink back , it always has soda on the side of the cup dripping down . i literally have to tell the employee holding it out the window , and all she did was hand me some napkins , and did n't apologize . this has happened to me three times ! i will never go back to this location again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when i lived in vegas , i often sent a silent prayer of thanks to the franchise restaurant gods for plunking an el pollo down minutes from both my house and work ! chargrilled chicken served in a variety of ways , along with a surprising number of side dishes ( for a fast food chain , anyway ) that is tasty and good for you and your wallet . my personal favorites are the pollo bowl ( chicken , beans , rice , pico de gallo , onions and cilantro all done up nicely in a bowl ) and the twice grilled burrito . muy bueno ! now if they would just open one here in dallas ... ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried to order a three piece leg and thigh combo and apparently they ran out . is n't chicken the speciality here ? it is called el pollo loco correct ? what kind of chicken restaurant runs out of chicken ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got here at 10:53 and the friendly recording notified me they were closed . pretty annoying but not unexpected .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the crazy chicken ! for a cheap quick meal . the chicken was fresh , flavorful , moist and delicious . we had the cole slaw , mayo based , pretty good . with the salsa condiment bar and hot tortillas , it was a tasty meal", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cecilia is very nice , knowledgeable and helpful ! great employee my food taste great and it 's nice and hot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so it is amazing how just a few bad employees , can ruin your dinning experience . the food is good when looking for a some what healthy options.but management step it up get your employees to up to par . when i was going through the drive thru i ordered a salad and the did n't even give me the dressing . and the lady was very rude , and nearly dropped the bag when it was handed off to me . the wait is also very long too long if you ask me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "muy poquita comida ! ! ! ! ped\u00ed un chichen bowl y solamente ven\u00edan 4 pedacitos de los q vienen en una ensalada ! ! ! pague $ 6 lo que me cuesta un pollo entero ya cocido en la tienda ... que verg\u00fcenza , que decepci\u00f3n ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to this location after driving in from california - and the food is cold , chicken is burt an dry , and they lady at the drive through window had a terrible attitude - i will never go back to this location , and i will tell all of my friends and family not to go to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've only been to this location a couple of times while visiting my husband while he was on his lunch break . the last time we went in here , i noticed the lobby area had a different feel . i think maybe they remodeled some ? either way , it had a pretty decent flow . the staff was friendly and did n't hesitate to offer good service . the food came out in a fairly quick amount of time and everything was correct on the orders ( something that is becoming uncommon in the fast food realm ) . we ate , were offered condiments while seated at our table , and we left . no complications , no complaints . the food tasted good and fresh , as it usually does . i generally just order the chicken and mashed potatoes with gravy as my side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place because it is tasty and they have an under 500 calorie menu that is very good . i really do hate the long wait here at lunch though . it is not fast food and the setup is awkward . people are stepping all over each other as they wait for their food . hate that ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible ! ! ! ! ! i love el pollo loco but this location has horrible customer service . went through the drive-through ordered the family meal they forgot my churros had to go back then they forgot the dressing for my salad had to go back again finally got home thinking they got everything right just to find out there are zero napkins utensils or plates ! i called the store and spoke with someone named oscar who was very rude and a smart ass . after telling him what happened the only thing he had to say was `` uh huh '' saying usually people ask for utensils and napkins . if someone calls your store letting you know about service they have received do n't try to argue and make up an excuse just own up to it ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very rude staff . i was in a hurry to get to work , went through the drive thru and saw they forgot my fork for the black bean bowl i ordered . got out of my car to walk in because there was line in the drive thru . they locked the door as i was walking up and the girl would n't open it to hand me a fork . they were also laughing at another customer who was angry they messed up her whole order as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a great fast meal with a lot of options for side dishes . the salsa bar is great if it 's maintained . if you love grilled chicken this is a great option . try it and see what you think ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on 7 24 in the evening , i order a 10 piece family meal and a chicken avocado taco ( single not platter ) . when we received the food our drive through attendant `` manny '' informed us they made an error and gave us the taco platter at no extra cost . what he did n't inform us of was the fact they stripped out 2 pieces of chicken from the family meal to manage the cost of their mistake ! all this with a goofy grin on his face . not coming back for hair brained service like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , food quality was ok . however , given the rudeness of staff , i don think think i would go back . lady at smith 's said she stopped going to el pollo loco because five years she went and the food made her sick and thought people were rude and had n't been back since .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just got 2 six foot hdmi cables for $ 4.99 each . even wal-mart wants $ 40 for one . great prices !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware ! you get what you pay for . i have ordered cables from them . a coaxle cable for my sub and 2 hdmi 3d cables for my projector and receiver that i installed behind the wall . the pin on the coaxle cable broke the first time i put in into my sub and i had to delicately drill it out and go down the street to radio shack and picked up one that would n't break . i bought a hi definition 3d projector for my basement theatre put them behind the drywall ( i put in two in case one ever went bad ) . both cables are garbage . when i hooked the first one up the picture was terrible , letters were pixelated , and the it definitely was n't the 1080 it was supposed to be . i contacted customer service and they told me they could n't send me new cables since they were behind the wall and i could n't get them out . these two cables cost a total of $ 38 and they ca n't send me new ones . terrible products terrible service stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was driving past here and noticed that it just opened so i made a mental note to check it out sometime . so i was coming home one night and i remember that i forgot to leave something out for dinner so i thought let 's give this place a try . it 's not to be confused with gourmet pizza but for $ 5 it 's hard to go wrong . i had the pepperoni and it was ok . it was cool that it was ready so quickly . if you 're looking for a quick bite give it a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just love the place i 've never had a bad pizza , food is always hot customer service is good what more can one say stop and check it out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is s lot better than 2 little caesars locations i go to by my house . this is my second time at this location . even their customer service is better , wait times are shorter , and they seem to be more organized than by my house .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shh ... . dick & jane romance boutique 's storefront can be deceiving ... i almost think it is a lingerie store.. a sexy lingerie store ... but in fact it is an adult romance store owned and operated by female . so i should be really comfortable shopping here with no judgement.. cough cough.. dick & jane also helds '' educational '' seminars for women only or couples , that offers your tips and alternative that would enhance your romance life.. i am trying not to make my review r-rated and be flagged !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been to the store a few time in the last couple of years and always purchased a few items . the store keeper or manager ( not owner , i 've met her before ) is rude and lacking paitance . everytime i walk into the store and see she is present , i think to walk right out . the store policy ( no touching , no breathing ... . ) is aweful and makes you feel like a child in grade one . the store manager is also rude to others who work there , which made me feel extremly uncomfortable few times . she should be replaced with someone more gentel , sweet and understanding . shame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has been my fave since i moved here in markham . the staff has been very helpful . i 've met 4 different ladies and they are all knowledgeable about their products , recommend some things you might like and their new products , and just super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here to have my iphone 6 screen replaced . the guy said he price matches competitors but after he fixed my phone and i showed him the price $ 79.99 he said that was below his cost . just because of the whole principle of saying he price matched but refused to in this case i had him put on my old screen again and went with a competitor which i 'm glad i did ! i got the $ 79.99 price plus a free tempered glass protector as stated at the competitor too ! i would rather take my business to honest local companies .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i personally had a bad experience here and would never go back . went in for a cracked screen . ops check when i handed the phone in was everything was operational ( except screen ) , when i got it back and they did the ops check the microphone no longer worked to make a phone call . after some argument ( why did i have to argue for this ? ) , they seemed to fix it but next day the telephone mic still did n't work and my battery was draining to zero while plugged in to charge ( had battery checked at turn-in and rep said it was still a good battery ) . end result : turned phone in at apple and got a new phone . wasted 140 dollars at this place . company did not address this issue when i gave them a poor feedback report . be careful when going to this place . may be better to go to manufacturer to get issues like this fixed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my iphone started acting crazy , turning off and on all on it s own then skipping and jumping all over so i decided i needed to take it to get fixed . a coworker referred me to ubreakifix in the scottsdale promenade , so i took it in . these guys were the most professional and down to earth cell phone mechanics i 've ever encountered . kelly and ryan are the ones that helped me out and though it took a couple different trouble shooting tests they finally figured out what was wrong and my phone has worked perfectly ever since ! i would highly recommend this place , not only were they as nice and friendly as can be but they were also very reasonably priced . thank you so much for fixing my phone you all are the best ! ! i will definitely recommend you to my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service , great work . all types of equipment repaired . quick turn around on iphone and ipad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good experience . straightforward order - just needed a broken iphone screen repaired . i was able to come in on the fly and only had to wait 45 minutes for the repair . phone looked great and they were also able to fix my power button , which had been sticking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my iphone 6 repaired in half hour , price was very reasonable , and staff super friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank goodness they are open on sunday 's ! just took my phone here and it was fixed within 30 minutes . i also was able to get 50 % off a tempered glass protector with the repair . my phone seems to be working great and the staff was friendly . they also have a good selection of otter box cases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ubreakifix did an awesome job . my iphone 6 looked like it had been literallu blown up when i dropped it off . the turnaround was 30 minutes and the phone looks acts like brand new ! the staff is very friendly and informative . compared to what a new phone would have cost this repair was pale . total cost was around $ 110 for a new screen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have unfortunately had a few problems with keeping my electronics safe and functional . decided it was time to try a place and potentially see if i could get a few of them fixed before i purchased new . in short , i 'm glad that i came to ubreakifix ! it was a clean , professional place that had a very friendly staff . the team was honest about my repairs and they even provided free service on two items because it was a simple fix or a diagnosis fix . i even asked them if they were sure i did n't owe anything ! think i might find more broken stuff for them to fix , i know i have enough to supply them ! thanks ubreakifix ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here to get my galaxy s6 a screen repair after dropping it outside . this was the closest store to my work , so i decided to take a risk , completely blind of yelp reviews . dropped my phone off during my lunch break , and came back after work . the phone is working great . the customer service was top notch which i appreciated , and i would absolutely return here in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on my way to verizon to see if the insurance covered what i thought was a broken display on my iphone 6+ . wife noticed ubreakifix in the parking lot . we stopped . took the very nice lady up front 3 minutes to tell me it was 1 ) the tempered glass screen that was broken,2 ) remove the broken one 3 ) clean 4 ) replace with a new one . i 'm telling all my friends ! great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased . honest ! i came in with two broken samsung tablets . jesus gave me a quote for the broken gass tablet -i said ill wait because i did n't use it as much and told me they would diagnose my other tablet for free and get back within 24 to 48 hrs . jesus was very , polite and knowledgeable . bottom line i got a call within 2 hours that my tablet was fixed and because it was a simple fix-no charge . how nice is that !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly as good as it gets . i thought my iphone 6 plus was a total loss , but the repair jedi in the back room pieced it back together with a new screen , and whalla , a like new phone . my phone was fixed with a new screen in 15 minutes , no appointment and no hassles . i also had my daughter 's ipad repaired there for a new screen . very friendly staff . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 4 year old son dropped my phone and broke the glass on it . i was driving in the scottsdale promenade center and ran across ubreakifix store . i stopped in right before they were closing - thinking they were going to tell me they were closed and for me to come back . i was surprised when kelly told me that it was no problem and that they could repair my glass quickly . work was done very quickly and kelly was very professional . thank you very much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a total rip off ... ! ! ! ... we took our ipad in to have the screen fixed ... we were told that they would tell us that the lcd was broken ... sure enough that is what they told us ... the only thing wrong with it was the screen was cracked ... beware of this company ... ! ! ! ..wo n't go there again ... kelly it was n't under my name , but my daughters . the truth remains the same !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service and quality repair . left my ipad at 2pm and then called at 6:30 pm as promised . device is like new and functions perfectly . great job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ! ! justin was was amazing ! i thought i had water damage -- i went in , justin checked my phone , found no damage but offered to put in the dehydrator , just to be sure it was ok ! ! ! then he ran all the diagnostics on it ! ! amazing , friendly service ! ! i will be back , especially because i have two teenagers ! ! ! thank you justin ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the past i would n't go near repair shops due to how sketchy they felt and looked but i did not feel this way when walking into this store . ubreakifix in scottsdale was an excellent experience and i will absolutely go back to them if i ever need another repair done . i could n't believe how fast they fixed my iphone and how professional they were . thank you kelly and ryan for saving my phone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super easy ! i had shattered my iphone screen and needed it fixed asap . i brought the phone in and it was fixed in less than 30 minutes . friendly and professional staff . thanks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit here after i was referred by a guy at the verizon store . my phone was dropped in some water , it worked fine except the camera lens was very foggy . since i need my camera for work purposes i resigned myself to having to get a new phone . instead of having to pay a 200.00 insurance deductible the people at ubreakifix hooked me right up . justin was very friendly and took apart my phone , dried out the water that had gotten inside and cleaned the camera lens . i would definitely recommend this place to others , especially this location and staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second and last visit to dr. lopez-benitez for an annual pap smear . i wanted to discuss peri-menopause with him and asked several times to have my hormone levels tested , he refused , dismissing me by saying `` why even check it , it wo n't change my mind about anything '' . he was not interested in my concerns in the slightest . when i did push him to answer my questions , he rolled his eyes . ladies we have more choices out there and i personally think that given a choice , we should choose someone that takes the time to answer our questions , especially when it comes to reproduction . it felt like going back into a 1950 's dr. office . his staff was also rude , short and unconcerned . they were too busy with their personal phone calls to take care of patients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "im having a very bad experience with this office i would like to share . after requesting a copy of my medical record i was told i could pick it up the same day . i was not able to make it that day . now they are charging me for missing an appointment . are u kidding me ? i just needed to pick up a copy of my record . she never mentioned that i needed an appointment for simply picking up some documents . just be careful..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. lopez-benitez is a great doctor . he delivered both of my babies . he has a wonderful office with a caring professionals staff . if i ever have a question , they call me back within 24 hrs . i 'm happy with my experience and i would absolutely recommend him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking to get a yearly pap smear done in 20 minutes , this is your doctor . there is n't those long waits usually associated with going to the gyno but , to be honest , he was a little rougher than i 'm used to . still , totally worth it to put a check mark on my yearly vaginal checklist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i decided to switch drs this year for my annual exams and i 'm so glad i did ! i called many offices and this one stood out from the rest ! making the appointment was fast and easy . they also send you text reminders which i think is great . upon arrival the staff greeted me with a smile and i instantly felt comfortable . i waited maybe 10-15 mins at most . switching from a female to male doctor , i was feeling a little nervous but dr. lopez was nice , attentive and gentle ! they sent my prescription straight to my pharmacist which is so convenient . i will definitely be returning and recommending dr.lopez & his staff to my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a terrible experience here , my yearly preventative check up turned into $ 300 that i was over charged and my insurance company had to repedatly call the office to try to get everything squared away ( i still ended up paying the 300 ) . i asked dr lopez about a concern i had and he said it was normal and no tests were needed . i insisted on a test that ended up showing i had an infection ... . bad service all together , their main focus here is getting your money and sending you away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was honestly a little hesitant based on reviews i read coming here . but honestly aside from a little bit of a wait time and my co pay ( which is n't their fault ) i was overall happy with my visit . the doctor has great bedside manner and seemed happy to help and answer any questions i had . he seems just as invested as we are to solve the reasons behind my infertility and that really makes me feel more at ease . i did n't feel rushed . the only reason i did n't give them all the stars was because i did have a long wait which i was n't too happy about but the good outweighs the bad and i will certainly be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. lopez and his staff are very nice and helpful . throughout my pregnancy they answered all of my questions in a timely manner and made me feel very comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved here from san diego and was a little sketchy on finding a new gynecologist . i found dr. lopez on google and he was right next to my home near durango . the staff there i can say was amazing i came in 2 hours early for my appointment and they were still able to see me and it was no hassle at all . dr. lopez had a very cool calm demeanor that made me feel comfortable . i had lots of questions for dr. lopez and he was very adamant about answering each one in a non rushed manner . he is very knowledgeable in his profession i 'm really glad i stumbled upon this place on google and now i found my new gynecologist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here . i had an appointment for a later date but they kept me updated on their openings . i was able to get an appointment today . the staff was friendly and made me feel comfortable . they were very attentive . i would recommend this office to anyone who would ask .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lopez is not only a great doctor but also a great person . my wife has terrible anxiety and dr. lopez did all he could to make her comfortable during her pregnancy , c-section , and annual visits . he spent all the time we needed to answer questions during visits and always made us feel welcomed and not just another person . his office staff are also always friendly and seem to care about the work they do as well . we have united health care insurance and never once had a problem with billing like so many other doctors . many obgyn 's in this town are clinics with 10 doctors shuffling people in and out but dr. lopez is the exact opposite . and it shows he takes pride in his work and cares about his patients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff are great very nice and take time to hear your concerns , as well as dr. lopez he seems to actually care about his patients and takes the time to answers the questions you may have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in today as a new patient for a yearly exam . first thing when i walked in was how clean the office is . the front staff was so polite and very helpful . once i was done with paperwork it only took approx 5-10 min to get called back . once i was taken to my room dr lopez came in shortly after and was extremely professional and polite . i felt very comfortable and that nervous feeling when meeting a new doctor went away quickly . defintly will be coming back for all my obgyn needs and will be referring patients !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made an appointment to see an ob for my wife they said 3 month wait ... 2 days before appointment they supposedly call to tell us they do n't take our insurance even though we never received a call ... now my 6 month pregnant wife and i are scrambling to find a doctor and no one wants to take us ... i hate this place more than words can say", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this doctor . always takes the time to answer any questions . never feels rushed like i 've experienced with other doctors . very friendly , professional staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to my first ob appointment yesterday and it was amazing ! there was no wait ! at all ! the staff was super friendly ! dr lopez is excellent ! he is very thorough and he always explains your options . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heard only good things about dr. lopez after relocating from oklahoma . his staff was very kind . he took his time answering all my questions and was very thorough . he did n't rush my appointment and i felt comfortable with him . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was supper nervous going in for my check up staff was very welcoming as well as the dr . he was very informative he made me feel comfortable i would definitely go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office staff was really polite and friendly , i didnt have to wait long to see dr. lopez . the dr was really nice and had a very kind demeanor , he was patient and made me feel comfortable , i would definitely recommend centennial obgyn to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr . lopez-benitez ! ! ! he always takes time to talk about all my concerns and i never feel rushed as with my previous doctors . i live by the airport and i do n't mind driving more than 30 minutes to see him . he delivered my two girls and has been my doctor for 5 years . he is an amazing doctor and his office staff is awesome ! ! they deserve 5 stars ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday was my first visit and every body was so kind , professional , friendly , and the dr. amazing very kind and talk to me and ask if a have questions , i feel that i 'm on the best hand to take care of me and my baby 6 weeks old . thank you dr. lopez and thank you to your staff . y hablan perfecto espa\u00f1ol incluyendo el dr. lopez .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , doctor lopez was great very professional and helpful . i think that i 'm going to stay with doctor lopez .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "centennial ob gyn is an excellent doctor 's office ! ! they 're very organized and professional . the front staff is wonderful , very friendly and courteous ! dr. lopez is amazing ! ! ! i was n't rushed and he answered all my questions . i 'm very particular about the service i receive and this office exceeded all of my expectations ! ! i highly recommend this office ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first visit with dr. lopez . i was recommended to him by a friend . i went in for my annual checkup i was really nervous but he put my mind at ease he 's very professional and keeps me constantly informed on what he is or will do next . i left very happy and confident that i 've found my new obgyn . thank you to dr. lopez and all the amazing staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a completely different experience then the others ! the office is very nice , i did n't have to wait long , dr. lopez- benitez listened to all my questions and concerns ( i 'm a high risk pregnancy and had many ) , was very friendly , helpful and supportive , helped me with the concerns i was having and asked if there were anything else he could do for me . the office ladies and nurses were helpful and friendly and i left the office feeling well taken care of and happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my first visit today and everyone was very pleasant . the place was clean and welcoming and i will make this my obgyn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i went in for annual pap smear and even though i 'm 39 but my mom was just diagnosed with breast cancer . i expressed my concerned and although he said mammograms are done at age 40 , but because of my concerns he was going to order one for me . his response made me very happy . my pap smear was fast and he was gentil . he called his medical assistant in before he did the exam and i appreciate that very much , i did n't have to ask for him to do so . front office staff was profesional and friendly . a pleasure to finally have found such a nice , clean office with outstanding service . the email and text services are also convenient for people like me that have tons of things to do and tend to forget about personal appt . i was also received a test from the office having a cancellation and offering me a sooner appt than my scheduled one . that was nice for a change . i will continue my care with centennial ob gyn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything about this office was great ! the lady working the front desk is so sweet and patient and thorough ! and dr lopez is the best ! he took his time to answer all my questions , i never felt rushed or unimportant . he literally sat down and listened and answered all my questions ! truly a great experience from start to finish ! i would recommend this office to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is friendly while still maintaining professionalism . i am remembered by name when i walk in the door . dr lopez-benitez makes me feel like i am his only patient . he addresses all questions and concerns . i highly recommend him to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff ! ! ! doc talked through entire exam to make me feel comfortable . very quick and easy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office left a really good impression ! ! i will definitely be coming back to centennial ob gyn . the office staff was very friendly and the wait time was n't long at all . dr. lopez was very nice and answered all my questions , he definitely takes him time and i did n't feel rushed at all . i would recommended this office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he is really professional , kind . he has an amazing staff . best office ever . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to nevada and was looking for a great doctor . i believe i found him . very friendly and informative team . thanks for everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a quiet and peaceful atmosphere here . the competence of the staff was evident . the dr was very helpful and patient with my questions . i 'm so happy my friend told me about this clinic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was , hands down , one of the best ob gyn experiences i 've ever had . i was a new patient and honestly , a bit nervous ! the front office staff was extremely nice and friendly . i was brought back once my paperwork was completed . in turn , i only waited in my exam room for a few minutes . the physician took his time to answer any questions i might have had . in addition , he even put up with my neurotic behavior : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely will be coming back to dr. lopez . loved the receptionist she is wonderful and everyone else very welcoming like if they 've known me forever . i was very hesitant of coming to a male obgyn . but i loved it . i definitely reccomend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lopez was just perfect . everyone needs a reassuring and comforting obgyn and he was . he talked with me about which made me very relaxed for a not so straight forward pap . great doctor , wonderful staff and a beautiful and professional office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit to the office , the staff and dr. lopez were great ! i was able to print the new pt . forms online and was seen shortly after arriving . the office is very clean . will be referring to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great doctor and staff . the staff was extremely friendly and helpful , and the doctor was also very friendly and thorough . any time dr. benitez would begin something , he would explain what it was and why he was doing it . all questions were answered and i was comfortable the entire time . great office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr lopez is a nice guy . i go here for my annual appointment . so far have only been the once . good experience ( for an obgyn appt ) . he was friendly and quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tengo ya varios a\u00f1os de visitar al doctor l\u00f3pez , y la atenci\u00f3n que me dan en su cl\u00ednica es \u00fanica desde el staff hasta el mismo , muy amables siempre con migo hablan mi idioma y siempre muy atentos ! me encanta su atenci\u00f3n , vivo en henderson y viaj\u00f3 hasta centennial , pero no me importa , la atenci\u00f3n que me dan ah\u00ed vale la pena ! ! ! xenia araus", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bed side manner , his staff treats me like family , if he 's running behind they keep me informed along the way ( he does deliver babies after all & they kinda have to come first ) . he always addresses my concerns and since i 'm pregnant there can be a lot of them , he takes his time makes sure i 'm comfortable and fully confident that i understand . i had one shift concern that really was not even an issue for someone pregnant in my age range , but as soon as i mentioned it he immediately said then let 's have you do genetic testing with a specialist , you do n't need to stress and worry . that was it , they took care of it . they follow up all the time , and their front staff are amazing . i refer then to everybody . my husband has met him at my visits and agrees he 's much better than the dr i had with my first baby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lopez is amazing ! i definitely recommend him . before i went to him , i went to two other ob-gyn doctors and they did n't know what they were talking about . dr. lopez is very caring . overall i had a great experience . the staff was friendly and well organized . dr. lopez bedside manner was excellent , his examination was thorough and informative . answered all of my questions and seemed to be very knowledgeable of the topics at hand .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lopez was very nice , professional , informative and easy to talk to . he made me feel confortable which is something very important to me . it was my first time coming here so i was a little nervous but it was great . i will definitely come back . i highly recommend him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me just say that i moved across town to the southwest area , yet i will drive all the way to the northwest just to go to this practice . they are super friendly , efficient , on time , and professional ! i highly recommend them ... as long as i can keep the amazing service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time getting an annual exam in over 20 years ( i know , i know ) the doctor and staff made me feel very comfortable and at ease . dr. benitez explained in detail so that i understood what was going on and all the steps we were going to take for my care . i am extremely glad i was referred here and will be going for regular visits now . thank you , nicole", "score": "5"}
{"review": "office is easy to find . the staff was friendly and helpful . the office was clean . the doctor was nice , made me feel comfortable . the only thing about my visit i did n't like was that i had to wait 20 mins to see the doctor , but it 's okay because once i got to see him , he made my visit go by fast . i think i found my new gynecologist office . thank you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean office with a friendly an inviting environment . the staff is very sweet and organized . dr. luis j lopez was very patient and knowledgeable about all my concerns and questions . this was my first appointment with them and the in-processing paperwork took only a few minutes . i would recommend him to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't know what to expect when going to this haunted house , but when i got there , it really scared me and my friends . we had a great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wasnt expecting much , based on word of mouth my friend had received in her position as a bartender . we arrived and started at the furthest house to the left and worked our way clockwise . the zombie infirmary was absolutely terrifying . completely pitch black in many areas and absolutely phenomenal . the old miner location was pretty scary . horror high was amazing , second best to zi . there was a little person on a tricycle that was one of the most creepy things i have seen in my life . the clown town of terror was so-so at best . if i had to do it again , i would get this out of the way first and work my way up through the rankings i have provided . a few final thoughts . wear crappy shoes and pants , extremely dusty area . go to this and not 13th floor , way scarier . if possible , go in a twosome . they send you through as a couple which allows both of you to receive every fright , not like the big hoards sent through at most haunted houses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best haunt in arizona ! this is a classic haunted attraction that uses the natural environment extremely well . driving up to the park is freaky by itself ! each attraction had something different to offer . zombies in zombie infirmary , mine shafts and bridges in gold miners revenge , being touched in a haunted high school in horror high , and crazy 4-d clowns in clown town of terror . we enjoyed each and every house and will be back again next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cant find the entrance . are they closed this year ? we cant find it . we called and no one pick up the phone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lame lame lame . felt very amateurish . unorganized . slow lines . if your idea of scary is a few teenagers jumping at you , you 'll enjoy . also extremely rude chick at miners entrance . save your money not worth the admission", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok guys ... so a group of friends and i went to this park last night to celebrate . we bought the tickets that would allow us to go into two different houses . we were right at the end of the first house walking through a dark tunnel with uneven ground . my friend was holding onto the wall to steady himself and snagged his hand on a nail . an employee taped up his gashed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have worked at haunted attraction for years but went through a few other haunted houses to see if they were as scary ass every one says . the animatronics were awesome , and the props and scenes . but it majorly lacked actors . the house we went through had maybe 3 actors ? and each yelled `` get out , get out '' that is not scary , and then after they screamed it twice they would normally walk back to their post and get ready for the next group , while we were still in the room . we only went to 1 house because of how horrible it was , was not all it was hyped up to be . but then again this was in 2009 so i dont know how it is now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pricey for sure and paying for parking is not something i am fond of . the attraction alone is expensive enough and we only did 2 of the attractions because of the price . the mine was a walk through pretty long and really felt like walking through a true arizona desert in the middle of the night . true uneven ground and fog and some scary parts because you really ca n't see where you are going but would have liked more actors around to scare us further . our second pick was haunted high school where they can touch you . we had two girls ahead of us who were touched a lot more and entertained more then we were , but a decent enough attraction . better pricing and staff to tell you where to go would be appreciated and dump the parking fee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i will rate the pumpkin patch portion of this place . we did not go to the haunted house so please take that into account . i have seen this place setup before and in years past it was much bigger and more festive . the people there were very nice but busy hanging out with their friends and chatting ( ca n't say i blame them too much there was minimal traffic ) either way we did get a couple of good pumpkins and my 2 year old thought it was fun . next time i think i may head for tucson for a good old fashioned hay ride and farm experience at buckelew .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is hands down one of my favorite places in mentor . not only are the subs beyond tasty , but the owners really make customers feel welcome . i 've been a customer at dave 's for about 6 months and everyone who works there knows us when we come in - they even know what substitutions to make on our subs ! prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is very hippy , chill . be sure to sign the wall if you eat there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh , grateful dave . i 've tried others , but none so fantastic as you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the subs are good , just a little expensive ( for sandwiches ) . if you want a step above subway this is a good place to go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just discovered this place tonight and i will be back ! a bit of a hippy , 70 's theme going on with the decor , but some good jams coming off the sound system . i got a couple sandwiches to share and try . the roast beef horseradish sandwich was okay , but the turkey avocado sandwich was really tasty and i like how they include a pickle with your order . what made my experience really great was how friendly and patient the two staff members were towards me when i had no idea what to order . prices are higher than a chain place like subway , but i would say the food quality and friendly staff are worth the little extra .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great subs , loyal customer , but they 're pricing themselves out of the market . just ordered a large sub which my 4 month old menu says is 10.99 , pricey as is . when i picked it up it was 11.99 , and i 'm thinking i had an old menu . when i picked up a current menu it also said 10.99 , so i said wait a minute , why am i charged 11.99 ? the guy behind the counter explains that the printer screwed up the prices . so why would you not explain to that customers when they order ? and why would you not at least hand correct the menus ? they seem to continue to do a brisk business but i have to predict their downfall if this is how they do business .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "grabbed subs before heading to the park on a beautiful 73 degree day in february ... and they did not disappoint . absolutely delicious ! ! our first time here , but we will def be regulars from this point forward . i had a steak and cheese , my son had a meatball sub and my husband had a club . everyone loved their sub . i ca n't wait to try more but it 's going to be hard to stray from that tender delicious steak i had ! thanks guys . update : second visit tonight ... my steak and cheese sub was n't anywhere near as good as my last one : ( way too much mayo , not as much cheese as last time and the bread was rock hard . disappointed , thought i found gold here ! hit or miss i guess . gon na have to knock a couple stars for that , man .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have a great rep , so i thought i 'd give it a try . now i 'm unsure how they got the great rep. horribly overpriced , mediocre sandwiches . i 've been here twice ; once i got a corned beef and once i got a cheese steak . both were ok , but not for the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have you ever found the perfect sub ? one that hits every single flavor your heart desires , and somehow both fills you up and makes you hunger for more ? that 's the crazy dave . add some chips and a peace tea , and i 'm in heaven . i used to work in great lakes mall , and co-ordinated a couple deliveries to my kiosk and the surrounding businesses . doing so made everyone 's day , and the dave 's staff took the little extra running around in stride . they 're the kind of people who you can tell love their job . the corned beef is really good , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sub 's ever ! pricey..yes , but so tastey ! a trip up to mentor always results in a roast beef sub with coleslaw and fries on it ! very filling and much fresher tasting than other sub stores", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there great and original nothing more to say love the place and the environment the people in mentor are always nice that 's where i got normally . i 'll keep going for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so excited to find dave 's in mentor . i 'm in the area for a short period , and i did a yelp search to find somewhere good to eat , and , lo and behold , here 's a dave 's ! you know how there are restaurants that you hold near and dear to your heart ? places that you wish you could take with you when you move out of town ? dave 's cosmic subs has been that restaurant for me for the past couple of years . i lived around the corner from the dave 's in cleveland heights for a few years , and then i moved to columbus and dreamed of opening a franchise just so i could eat the veg out whenever i wanted . now , i 'm back in ne ohio , and i live nearby , and - better yet ! - i work within delivery distance of a dave 's that i never knew existed . it 's kismet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good bread -- crusty on the outside , soft inside . plenty of meat ( original dave 's ) and lettuce . dave 's sauce a little overwhelming , and the packing is less than ideal . the meat all ends up folded into a u on the outer edge , the lettuce & sauce piled up inside . i prefer to get a mix of both in each bite . wish they 'd have sides ; all i could see were chips .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to get subs ! i always get the number 1. the bread is perfect italian bread , crusty on the outside and soft inside . the employees are always super friendly and i dont mind waiting for them to make my sub because the atmosphere is so cool and interesting . definitely my fav sub place in mentor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm usually one to write a review about just food , but the service here was terrible . the blonde cashier was ( obviously miserable ) and intimidating . instead of promptly welcoming me and taking my order , she made sure to scream at the girl actually making the subs about something really minimal ... multiple times . poor brunette was n't trying to cause a scene , but the blonde was and it was very unprofessional . to the brunette -- my san fran was better than ever ! ! ! ! thank you ! to the blonde -- get a new job .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been to dave 's cosmic subs in mentor numerous times . great service and the subs are some the best in ne ohio . many to choose from , but my favorite is still the original !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst meatball sub i have ever eaten . it was very greasy the only tasted it had was salt . never had a meatball sub that had italian dress on it . i will never order from here again not good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good place for subs it adds a different virety than that of subway it 's been awhile since i 've been here but it 's totally worth a drive over for something different .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a fan . bread was old and falling apart . shredded cheese was waxy and flavorless and sparse . we ended up just tossing most of it out . the kids wanted nothing to do with them . i think they are spoiled by jimmy johns .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love subs ... and dave 's cosmic subs are definitely in the top 5 all time , maybe top 3 on a good day . get the cosmic sauce on it for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not really sure what people see in this place . the employees are rude and the sandwiches and ok. not great but ok . the price they charge is a little steep for what you get . there are plenty of places around to get a amazing sandwich or sub that those place really needs to step up their game", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is never any shortage of sub places it seems anywhere you go these days . what 's great about dave 's is despite this over saturated market , they still seem to offer a unique sub experience . this place has a hippie theme going which is different than most and gives more of a one off vibe then your traditional chain restaurant . i had the 'original ' sub and it was very tasty . it was also a good value with the price being about what you would see for that size sub . i will definitely be returning to try more subs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing place to get subs . seating is a little limited on busy days , but the atmosphere is great and the staff is helpful and friendly . i 'm from mentor , but moved away , and make sure to stop in every time i 'm in town . and even with months in between visits , they remember me and my order . buy their sauce and great , unique pickles to go , but nothing beats the fresh-from-the-grill sandwiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent . i love subway , but dave 's cosmic subs blows them out of the water . i had the super dave and ca n't wait to try the others . if i had to have one con about the place , it would be there are n't any near me in illinois . best subs in mentor , no question .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i 've been going to dave 's for years , since they 've opened ! i always order a turkey dave and my husband orders a philly cheese steak ! however it does suck their specialty subs only come in one size so my husband has to order 2 of them . the service is always great ! i stopped in one day for lunch and they messed up my sub l , so the nice gentlemen behind the counter said i 'm so sorry i made a mistake ! he said give me ages mins i 'll remake it . i was polite said no problem no only did he give me a free sub for next time i came , but also gave me the mistake sub . i ended up walking out with 3 subs ! excellent customer service . as a matter of fact i 'm going to get a turkey dave today ! if you 're looking for a great sub this is the place to go . quality ingredients , great crusty fresh bread and amazingly cosmic sauce !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place constantly delivers a solid experience of great food , incredibly friendly staff and choices that you ca n't be bored with . the far out chicken ( with a side of blue cheese ) is something i crave like an addict ... there is no explaining it as its a basic concept however the delivery with crusty bread and hot oil - banging ! add a bag of jalape\u00f1o heat diirty kettle chips if u are n't a wuss . please be considerate as the dining area is small - do n't take a 4 top for just you - sit near the drink cooler . and remember to tip the folks that made ur food & did it just the way you like", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is one of a kind ! the owner not only remembered me ( from one conversation a year ago ) but asked me about my sister who has n't lived in town for years- and even remembered her order . talk about making your customer feel appreciated ! on top of how friendly they are , the subs are unbelievable . their dave 's sauce is the reason to go . i need to get there more often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "way over priced . every time i go in i am always disappointed . i am not really sure why i gave them as many chances as i did .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my wife tried one of the hot dogs today - wow , it was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for years . best subs in town , people are always nice and service is quick . ca n't go wrong here , seriously , a no brainier for subs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good location . dropping off donations can be a pain . it can take forever and you can be in the way since it 's up front . the staff is pretty friendly . this is one of the smaller goodwills in my opinion . i 've had some good finds . one time i found a longchamp purse here for $ 3 . my husband loves their selection of books here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in general , i really like this goodwill . there is a high turnover with new stuff every day ; however , the store is always busy with a lot of foot traffic . it depends on what you are looking for , but i would recommend stopping in regularly if you live in the area because there is new stuff every day . if lots of people in a tiny space gives you the heeby jeebys just thinking about it , you should probably steer clear . there are screaming children galore here , and inevitably , you will find yourself playing human tetris down the aisles . as you may have gathered , this does n't bother me , but it is worth noting that this store is n't for everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "purchased a media console that i planned to refinish . at pick up , one of the employees broke one of the legs off somehow . hyrum , the manager , was a pleasure to work with ; fully refunded my money with no questions asked and repeatedly apologized for what happened .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over the years i have donated quite a bit of stuff to goodwill . and from time to time , i also enjoy shopping for bargains there too . so , i was excited to hear that they were opening a store in ballantyne . i finally made it into the store to check things out . it is a new store , so it is very clean and the facilities are nice . but suprisingly , this store did n't have a great selection of stuff that interested me . maybe they were just picked over when i was there , but i did n't find a single thing that i liked . however , if you are a parent and looking for bargain back-to-school supplies , they had a good selection when i was in there the other day . overall , i have had much better luck over at the store in matthews . but , since they are continually getting new donations , i will be back to check things out again next time i am in the mood to go thrifting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "well , it 's not perfect , but it is a goodwill . on an errand in ballantyne i noticed this goodwill and thought `` oh , why not ? '' . the space was fairly clean , minus the shards of glass from the items one of the employees kept dropping as he restocked . a decent selection of 49 cent records and movies , but the women 's accessories were less than exciting . they had a lot of stuff that was n't out on the floor yet , including a few china sets , so i 'll probably pop back in if i 'm in the area . i also found an awesome wood handled 60s fondue pot for under $ 2 , but it was amongst piles of complete junk . not going to drive to ballantyne just to visit this store , but always nice to find a decently clean and uncrowdedn one to shop in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my mom came here a few months ago and found a gliding chair for about $ 15 . the cushions are gross and need to be redone , but it was a great find . my husband and i stopped in last week and found some clean , cute baby clothes . we also found a child 's book that looked as if it had never been opened . as far as i 'm concerned it is a great location and has a lot of great items , especially for baby who grows way too fast !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst goodwill in south charlotte ! ! ! store is smaller than most . trashy ... .always a mess . employees have nonchalant attitude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can sum it up by saying `` meh '' . there was nothing impressive about the experience . people who came in after me were helped before me . the chai lattes up the road at holley 's are much tastier , and they did n't have their wifi working yet . maybe that 's all part of getting things up and running since they just opened a few days ago . i can understand that but i would be surprised if i ever return though . nothing unique , intriguing or remarkable at all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am so excited this place is finally open . ziki 's is amazing next door , and now there is finally another coffee option besides holly 's in the neighborhood . the staff is great and the gelato is perfect ! ! will be back to try everything ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in for an interview and instantly liked the spacious cafe , but unfortunately did n't feel the same about the chai latte i ordered . most coffee tea houses have always had a consistent flavor , but this did n't come off as flavorful and ended up sitting in my cup holder all day..untouched . was disappointing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is whack . i ordered an ice tea and he handed me an empty cup . i looked at him puzzled and he said while walking away , `` go next door and get it '' . no joke . he was very busy telling the cook how to make toast . no joke . so , i didnt tell him that i dont work here i just went next door and got the sludge flavored ice tea . the coffee is poor , the coffee station is poor and didnt even have any type of creamer set out . will never ever go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lots of different desserts , pastries , smoothies , coffees and ice cream ! the cashier was very sweet as it was their first day open . said they are still working out some bugs with different coffees . we got a butter croissant , a caramel iced coffee and a macadamia nut frappe . the croissant was good . really flaky and light . the iced caramel coffee was good . does n't come with milk or cream , but they have half and half available . it was brewed with hot coffee ( only until cold brew is available , it 's not perfected yet ) and it was good . very reasonable prices ! 2.50 for the regular size . the macadamia nut frappe was great in flavor , but not very frappe-ey . the ice was still kind of chunky and not super blended . however , for their first attempt it was a valiant effort . we will definitely be back as they continue to make changes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after a long night and day of endless studying , i thought i 'd finally make a stop at this place . once i walked in , i got nothing but a blank stare from the barista while i finished my conversation on the phone and looked at the menu simultaneously . i ordered the iced cold brew and i think it 's right for workers to mention when they add charges to the original price if they ask if i want additional flavors ... agree ? anyway , the drink turned out perfect . being the only customer in there and knowing that this is one of the newest businesses , you 'd think the workers would be motivated to sell a good first impression . i guess not today and not with me . cheers anyway to a long night of more studying !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great coffee , nice welcoming . was surprised to see such inexperienced baristas there though , had to explain how to make my drink i ordered to them . hopefully they will hire more experienced people to help out there , great coffee over all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice , good prices and portions . anything is better than our corporate overpriced coffees and frozen muffins , with their filthy places ... anyway cupz is a breath of fresh brew , clean , friendly , husband liked the coffee , yes , the staff is young and new but i find the whole experience a five star . and if you linger just enough lunch time arrives and you can eat at zikiz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice little spot , and since they recently just opened , it 's rather under the radar ! i 'm not a coffee person , but my girlfriend is , and she said it 's some of the best she 's had ! i decided to have their chocolate chip cookies , and they were sublime ! they 're sort of half-baked , chewy , gooey , chocolatey , and delicious ! we 'll definitely be back ! a nice addition to the southwest !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried their chai tea with almond milk , it was really good ... not too sweet however i also ordered a carrot and powdered cheesecake to go . unfortunately they were both so stale , were n't even edible . the staff was nice but i do n't think i 'll be returning since i had trash both cheesecakes", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like this spot and the coffee . the baristas are very sweet and hard working . the only reason i revoked one star is because i feel the manager does n't help when needed . the barista had a slew of orders and came to me as quick as she could , yet the manager just stayed in the back . i 'm only making such a complaint because i 've worked in such an environment . exactly . you were short staffed so you should have been helping your barista . zikis opens at 10:30 . i 'm sure the guy with the meat was a ok", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went in for the soft opening and had s free cup of coffee and pastries . the ones i had that day were tasty , but they did n't have any of them when i went in yesterday . i was a little shocked by the prices . $ 5.99 for lemon cream cake , $ 6.99 for cheesecake and $ 1 something for a mini donut ? the cake and cheesecake were not large slices for that price , in fact they were almost half slices and the donut was 3 bites for my son . i will likely go back to try a coffee drink sometime , but wo n't likely buy any desserts or pastries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "laid back local place with tasty coffee and really friendly service . their cold brew iced coffee is a dark roast and is totally worth a try if you enjoy a darker blend . the croissant is huge and two people can split one , if you 're a tourist venturing the strip you wo n't run into this place but it 's worth a stop if you 're in the area and need a caffeine fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so excited to finally have a nice new coffee spot in the mountain 's edge area ! they just opened and everything inside is brand new ( really inviting interior decor , nice furniture , etc. ) . my fianc\u00e9 and i each had a regular coffee ( which was good , fairly strong which i like ) and breakfast - i had a regular breakfast sandwich on a croissant bun with bacon and he had a sun-dried tomato breakfast wrap with spinach & bacon . yum ! i think the prices are reasonable and next time i want to try the acai bowl which is only $ 5 ( cheap ! ) . the staff was very nice and even gave us a free sample of sweets to go ( red velvet cake & a raspberry chocolate thing ) . cupz also has a ton of little pastries and cakes to choose from , and i think will soon be offering gelato as well . it says that a patio is coming soon , which will be nice for spring weather . will definitely be back and highly recommend anyone in the area to check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a strawberry lemonade smoothie and a pastry . the smoothie was pretty good but not great . the pastry was tasty . the staff were friendly and helpful", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we where here for the soft opening and the staff was super nice and the pastries where yummy ! i would love to see real cups for coffee", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wanted to check out the breakfast being advertised . it 's 7:10am and they 're still not open . there are no hours listed on the doors , but the yelp page lists opening at 7am .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "is it that hard to make some real oatmeal , instead of a cup that cost around 1.29 and cost me 4 bucks", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a hot chai tea latte and my friend had a mocha frappe . we were both very happy with our drinks ! we 're interested in trying their pastries and smoothies in the future . friendly staff and comfy couches ! ^.^", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have gotten the mint chocolate frappe here several times now , it is very tasty . not overpowering or sickly sweet . great complement to the food next door , which i 'm also a big fan of . good addition to the neighborhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great . the food is bomb , and the smoothies taste so fresh . the customer service here is great as well . they are so polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this place and their iced chai . they 've got some good breakfast options such as the breakfast burrito and an egg sandwich that my husband liked . they have been short staffed in the morning and i 'm told it 's because they recently added breakfast and so orders are bigger , but my service each time has been awesome . if you 're patient , they 'll get you your order and it 'll be done right and not half-assed or rushed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is super clean and chill . nice place to get work done , coffee comes good by it self . did n't need to add stuff to it . the wifi is quick , ok im going back to my computer work now while enjoying this coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent cold brew , and you have to try their peanut butter cookies . best choice for good coffee in mtns edge", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a coffee and it was n't so tasty . when i asked them to remake or even make it similar to another one they refused . horrible service . horrible customer service . a coffee shop is suppose to be `` if you do n't like it , will happily remake it ... . '' not about this coffee shop . we got a pastry as well and it tasted rotten . horrible . horrible . horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was recently opened near my neighborhood and i decided to give it a try . the location is very convenient and the parking area is spacious for customers . i ordered a latte with a pastry and some desserts ( i.e . cakepops , cake , and ice cream ) on the side . the price is reasonable but i think the desserts is a little over on the sweet side . thw ambient is nice and quiet so its a perfect place if you want to study or do some work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great place to grab a cup of coffee . my americano has amazing flavor , the staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is calming yet cheerful . there is a lot of seating with tables and a couple of small couches . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing coffee ! great flavor ! i only drink organic coffee so this place is amazing to me it is local and organic . i 'll defiantly be coming back a lot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "missing an evening handbag ? bbb has a huge leiber collection . missing some jewelry ? bbb has the bling covered . missing some stunnas ? bbb has a nice selection of rock star worthy shades . bbb has a really nice selection of exotic skin designers and fantastic customer service . i always like to meander my way through the sparkly store to see the new merchandise . so luxurious and at all price points .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a really nice purse and accessory store in the wynn las vegas ( and also happens to have a very catchy name ) ! the merchandise appears to be of top quality -- i do n't think i saw a purse i did n't like . the nancy gonzalez handbags were particularly gorgeous . they have a sizable collection of chic evening bags , as well . in summary , not for anyone on a budget , but definitely worth a look !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "geting your mail here is like going to a kng st. bar : do n't bother showing up without id . the couple that owns and runs this place takes a bit of getting used to . they 're nice enough , i guess . i 'm an avid ebayer , and make a pickup here at least once a week . they still check my id every time , which is not my idea of friendly service . still , they can always be sure i 'm not picking up somebody else 's package , and i guess i can have some confidence that they 're not giving mine to the wrong person . i 'm almost always in and out in under five minutes , and if i timeit right ( 630ish ) i can get my parcel in under sixty seconds .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally agree dale ! the couple that works are a little aloof- but very efficient and professional when it comes to postal packages big and small . plus , they usually recommend the most cost efficient method to send a parcel . i only go there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm always happier when my mail is redirected to this canadapost location rather than others in the area . this shop is quiet and very near home and i can tell my packages are handled with care . as you can tell from other reviews , it 's a very mom and pop shop set up , and i would add that the shop is not very well maintained ( unattractive displays , tight aisles , loose dingy cards ) so it 's unlikely that i 'll go there for anything but mail and such . but i recommend- over the fedex and ups alternatives nearby for obvious reasons ( the cost to send mail is more affordable and the shop owners are happy to suggest the cheap options ) extra tip- there 's a photocopy fax machine too . i know . who faxes anymore ? i do . bout that student life , woot woot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the couple that work there are very rude and dismissive , especially the old man . i wanted to send a package but needed to get an idea of what it would cost . he kept yelling at me for weight after i told him i wanted to know if they have a box that would fit the item i wanted to send seeing as it would be factored into the weight . he got impatient with me and yelled at me to go find my own box . horrible customer service and would not recommend them if you have to have a face to face interaction with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in a city lacking in quality chinese food ( and no , pei wei does not count ) , the prime is a welcome addition to my takeout rotation . i have been there twice now - and i am not sure i agree this is a `` bad neighborhood '' as it is central and camelback and signs of civilization are all around - and i have not been disappointed . the curry vegetable is flavorful with just enough spice to give it a good kick . i liked the egg drop soup , too , which was on the thicker side and actually was made with egg ! this may seem like a small thing , but i really appreciate that the takeout food has been packed in a box on both of my trips . i hate it when i get a plastic bag with containers stacked on top of each other , which inevitably tip over and spill in my car . it 's the little things that make a difference . eat local and go to the prime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little place , centrally located just west of central camelback . we 've had it takeout a few times , but actually ate it there yesterday , and it was delicious . i had the house chicken , which was just the right amount of spicy . the chicken itself seemed really high quality . even the rice was notably good . we even got a free little desert in the form of a mini mint chocolate ice cream sandwich . the woman who runs the place is great . very friendly and good service . the inside is clean and has a modern feel . once again , very nice . my only worry is that every time i frequent this place it is very quiet . a couple of new businesses moved into that strip mall recently , so hopefully things will pick up . please support this great local business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . good atmosphere . do n't let the outside fool you , the prime is quite possibly the best chinese food in the state .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has very good chinese food . also , the lady running the show was very friendly and made great recommendations . in fact , i 'd recommend the chicken dish that i had but i 'm not entirely sure what it 's called . it 's a spicy chicken dish . the house low mein was very tasty too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the outside seems a little sketchy , but when you walk in the dim lighting and modern look is a great setting . my f and i decided to give the place a try since we lived down the street and seen the great reviews . the lady that took our order was very sweet and tentative . the food was good we ordered the general tso 's chicken and pork fried rice . i will definitely be back in for another bite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "actually wanted to give it a 3.5 ... not quite a 3 but not quite a 4 either . i had the hot and sour soup and the mongolian beef ! the hot and sour soup was one of the best i have ever had ! it had tons of flavor and was actually spicy ! i would go back just for that ! the mongolian beef was just ok , it tasted like it was cooked on a burned wok or something . the decor inside was cute and the little old lady waiting on me was super nice ! i am always on the lookout for a good chinese restaurant so i am gon na go back and try some of their other stuff !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first trip to phoenix and this is right on the rail line , easily accessible , and downright good . we ordered the mongolian beef , pineapple beef , and short ribs with a side of house special fried rice . the ambiance was so passive and calm ! they were not busy and it was kind of hard to get refills after a certain point , but overall the food is worth coming here for . great way to spend my graduation vacation", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped into the prime on a monday for a birthday dinner . we had the restaurant to ourselves when we walked in at 8:20pm . from the very moment that we were greeted all the way to paying the bill was such a lovely experience . the food was delicious i had egg drop soup and chicken fried rice . my party shared egg roles and crab puffs and those were very tasty . we were celebrating my birthday and the lady was so kind to wish me a happy birthday . at the end of a wonderful dining experience the woman treated me with a surprise creme brulee with a candle . she went above and beyond and i cant wait to go back to the prime . the food is delicious and the people are so kind . thank you for a great birthday dinner the prime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chinese i ever had . mongolian beef and the dumplings are always top notch . even the rice is awesome . service will be slow probably . get the food to go if you are fussy about that stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm always scared to try a new chinese place . this place has the best teriyaki chicken is the bomb ! ! amazing service and very clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the steamed rice was perfectly sticky , the yishun chicken was really spicy and the egg roll was crispy . the portion was a good size ( not too much , not too little ) and the service was good . they had spicy mustard , soy sauce , and chili sauces . i 'll be back , for sure . it 's a good little spot tucked away at camelback and central .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and well priced - the owner is very nice and remembers you from visit to visit . strange decor but i guess it was a formerly a 50s dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is slow but only one server therefore not bad for one person and she is really friendly . food was okay not the best although definitely liked the appetizer . portion wise it is a lot of food and definitely had to get boxes but overall not bad if you 're craving chinese food . they did give us ice cream for dessert at the end of service which was also great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing , freshly prepared food ; some of the very best chinese food in phoenix . service is very quick and efficient . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not at all what i expected . stopped in after work for a quick bite . was expecting a small mom and pop type place with the basics . discovered a modern , minimilistic restraurant . the menu is pretty diverse . i went for hot & sour soup . a bit peppery for my tasty , but still worth a try . chased it with stir fried veggies and noodles with veggies . although , i did not order any meat dishes there were plenty on the menu . the service was good and the food was good . everything i asked for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good little mom and pop place with a really cute asian mom . good take out and lunch place . food is consistently a little better than average .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst haircut of my life . i literally got up and left after halfway through my haircut . i 'm currently going to another salon now to see if they can fix the damage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been here 4 times with a different stylist each time ... i love these ladies ! i have gotten great haircuts and had fun getting to know the stylists too ! i am proud to be their regular customer and would suggest you give them a chance ! i recommend them highly to everyone i know . i have never had to wait long and if they are busy , they are up front about the wait time . totally professional and a hidden gem here on yelp and in the university area of charlotte : ) they cater to all hair types too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst experiences i have ever had trying to get a hair cut . when i arrived my name was taken and i was told it would be a few minutes wait . after a half hour i asked how much longer it would be . the lady said umm and walked off never to return . five minutes later i walked out . i will not be back here . if you enjoy poor customer service than this is the place for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a fun little boutique on the main strip of the dc ranch . there are a lot of fun dresses and nice tops . it is well stocked with great designers such as tibi , alice and olivia and milly . unfortunately they did not have the exact alice and olivia and milly dresses i was looking for . i will definitely stop back in to see what new pieces they get in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great boutique in north scottsdale . ruby has such cute dresses to go out in and is a little jewel box inside of this shopping center . as the two other reviews said they carry great brands like the established tibi or even new brands . one that i saw and loved from phoenix fashion week was smoke & mirrors clothing from los angeles . ruby carries a lot of what i saw and loved on the runway . ruby is always getting new stuff in so it 's a great place to check in with anytime you need a dress or a kick start to your newest fashion routine . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i were just window shopping while waiting for a table at ra sushi . a hot read jump suit caught my eyes so i had to try it on . okay , so it looks better on a hanger than on me . however , i found bunch of cute stuff . the sales girl was super cool and nice . when my friend was waiting for me looking bored , she offered her us a glass of wine . what a cute little boutique and they had both reasonable & pricey stuff . walked out with two dresses . i 'll for sure stop by ruby next time i 'm in scottsdale .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looks like ruby boutique has closed it 's doors at the kierland location . i would really love to hear if lisa ( owner ) plans to open elsewhere or if she 's stopped completely . anyone ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ruby has moved across the street into the scottsdale quarter on south street ! my wife and all her friends love the uniqueness of the clothes and lisa 's excellent service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a fabulous boutique in scottsdale with equally great service ! if you are looking for one of a kind pieces , this is the boutique to go to . i live an hour away and it 's definitely worth the trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was outstanding ! had a travelzoo voucher was way too much food but was fun to order whatever we wanted . keep in mind you still have to pay tax and tip . popovers a+ liver pate b+ tuna tartar a+ burrata b lobster salad b+ ribeye b outside was too burnt for me at medium rare chimichuri sauce f way to spicy not edible do not get this never tasted chimmichuri like this banana cream pie a complimentary desserts a drinks b", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ate here sunday night -- it was a memorable meal ! dining solo has its challenges and i appreciated the attentive service . i 've eaten at some really great restaurants and i 'd put this on the list . not sure what the negative reviews are -- but please do n't let them deter you if you like a great steak . i had the ribeye , broccolini and a spinach salad . no room for dessert ! loved having a glass of nebbiolo wine -- not commonly found . paired well with meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here to celebrate a special occasion . we were seated in a small private section . food : i 'm impressed by the complimentary liver pate and pop over bread with their own butter . appetizer : crab cake was the best i 've ever had . pure crab , minimal breading ! ahi tartare you ca n't go wrong with side dish : creamy spinach was ok but the truffled mash was sooo good ! ! ! main dish : i got the wagyu 6oz . perfect size for me . very tasty n juicy . no complaints . my husband got the rib eye with bone marrow . it was huge ! ! ! good but not the best overall it was a delicious dining . good place for dinner date or group", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came in with a party 12 without reservations and had no problem getting a table . we received excellent service and food . we had popovers , which were amazing and they gave you the recipe . we also tried the tuna tartare , shrimp cocktail , and mussels . i had the bone-in ribeye , one of the best steaks i 've had . i added the turf option of crab , but it was very salty and dry . it 's a great go-to for steak .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we really enjoyed this place . the steak was delicious and cooked perfectly . the sides were also very tasty , but were not sharing sizes like other steakhouses . the bread service was a wonderful cheese filled pop over and was really good . a helpful tip , they have 30 percent discount deals right outside the main entrance of ballys at the tix 4 less booth . go to this place . just as good as every other steakhouse on the strip and better prices", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary there last saturday , august 29th . order the boned rib eye medium rare . it was cooked right but the meat was tough , chewy & dry . very disappointed . also , they did n't even give us an anniversary dessert . my friends went there a week before and their experience with the beef was the same . i would definitely not go back . should have stuck to our ruth chris reservations ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came on a travelzoo deal . mama ordered the rack of lamb and i got the short rib . maybe it was because of my aversion to eating red meat on a frequent basis that the short rib was just , eh . was n't very impressed with it . very fatty . i mean , i could feel my arteries clogging as i sipped on the ice water . mama 's rack of lamb was delicious . well cooked and seasoned . service was great . server was on top of things and very available . busser came around to clean up plates and refill water frequently . decor was nice , dark and cozy . front desk was also hospitable with getting us in on our reservation time . overall , an ok experience . maybe i 'll order a steak next time if we grab another deal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "\u7531\u4f4d\u65bc\u7f8e\u570b\u6771\u5cb8\u3001\u4e16\u754c\u9996\u5c48\u4e00\u6307\u7684\u57ce\u5e02\u4e2d\u8208\u8d77\uff0cblt \u9019\u500b\u5ee3\u53d7\u7d10\u7d04\u5ba2\u559c\u611b\u7684\u9910\u98f2\u54c1\u724c\uff0c\u540d\u6c23\u53ef\u4e0d\u4e9e\u65bc\u8a31\u591a\u4ee5\u570b\u969b\u540d\u5eda\u70ba\u540d\u5efa\u7acb\u8d77\u7684\u9910\u98f2\u5e1d\u570b\u3002\u5176\u65d7\u4e0b\u6700\u5ee3\u70ba\u4eba\u77e5\u7684\u9ad8\u7d1a \u725b\u6392\u9928 steakhouse\uff0c\u4e0d\u50c5\u662f\u5728\u7f8e\u570b\u672c\u571f\u9023\u9396\u958b\u8a2d\uff0c\u5728\u8a31\u591a\u4e9e\u6d32\u9996\u5584\u4e4b\u5340\u958b\u8a2d\u7684\u6d77\u5916\u5206\u5e97\uff0c\u66f4\u662f\u7576\u5730\u5ee3\u70ba\u4eba\u77e5\u3001\u5728\u7279\u6b8a\u524d\u63d0\u6216\u662f\u6176\u795d\u6642\u524d\u5f80\u7684\u7528\u9910\u53bb\u8655\u3002\u539f\u672c\u5728\u5357\u52a0\u5dde\u4e5f\u6709\u958b\u8a2d\u7684\u5ee3\u5bcc\u597d\u8a55\u7684\u5206\u5e97\uff0c\u53ef\u60dc\u76ee\u524d\u5df2\u7d93\u6b47\u696d\uff0c\u800c\u60f3\u8981\u54c1\u5690\u5230\u8457\u540d\u7684\u9802\u7d1a\u725b\u6392\u98a8\u5473\uff0c\u6700\u8fd1\u7684\u5730\u65b9\u5c31\u662f\u4f86\u5230 \u8ced\u57ce las vegas\u3002\u4f4d\u65bcbally 's las vegas hotel\u4e4b\u5167\uff0c\u6574\u9ad4\u4f86\u8aaa\u7528\u9910\u74b0\u5883\u8ddf\u5176\u5b83\u65b0\u7a4e\u7684\u65c5\u9928\u4e2d\u958b\u8a2d\u7684\u9802\u7d1a\u9910\u5ef3\u76f8\u6bd4\u6709\u4e9b\u5e73\u6de1\uff0c\u4f46\u4ecd\u7121\u6cd5\u63a9\u84cb\u5176\u4f86\u81ea\u65bc\u96c6\u5718\u7d93\u71df\u8207\u9577\u4e45\u5efa\u7acb\u7684\u53e3\u7891\u5149\u8292\u3002\u4e8c\u5341\u516b\u5929\u4e7e\u5f0f\u719f\u6210\u7684\u5e36\u9aa8\u7d10\u7d04\u514b\u725b\u6392\u5e36\u6709\u7d55\u4f73\u7684\u98a8\u5473\uff0c\u5f37\u70c8\u63a8\u85a6\u3002", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing steakhouse . food was perfect . unique popovers . excellent wine . incredible service . caesar salad was big and delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a secret gem hidden in the back of ballys ... ..one of our favorite places to eat . the service is always exceptional ( thanks to leslie tonight ) and the food is delicious ... .from the homemade pop overs to the banana pie made in house also ... everything is awesome.one bone in rib eye to share is all a couple needs ... we always take home food for the next day too.do n't miss this place ... .and if you have a total rewards diamond card they give you extras also", "score": "5"}
{"review": "( bar review only ) i went last night ( saturday ) during happy hour . they had some decent seating left so i had to check it out . i had a great bartender name robert tending to me and he made me three awesome drinks . i started off with the mule then the blt cocktail : bulliet bourbon , lillet blanc , house ginger syrup , lemon juice , orange bitters , topped w elderflower tonic and then robert recommended the old cuban : appleton v x rum , lime juice , brown sugar syrup , angostura bitters , mint leaves , topped w champagne for 7 dollars a drink you could n't beat the value and service ! thanks i will see you guys again soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and gave free food . they were really accommodating because we had to catch a show and so they expedited our food . the food was great too ! definitely worth going again if you have the funds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! we used to eat frequently at bally 's steakhouse and finally decided to try blt based on recommendations . the tuna tartar was amazing ! my rib eye was perfectly cooked , very tasty . the truffle mashed potatoes the best i 've had . to top it off the bananna creme pie with a crushed pecan crust amazing ! the best part was our service was second to none ! omar our server explained the menu in detail and he made us all feel like good friends . ask for his table when you go . he wo n't disappoint . made our night a memorable one ! all and all a great choice to dine . we will return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice dark steakhouse interior . very friendly waitstaff . everything came out in a timely manner . started us off with free duck pate and crackers , was kinda meh . the came the bread , their cheese popovers . these were warm and ridiculously good . the steaks : i got the dry aged bone in ribeye mid rare , was perfect and also ridiculously good . my friend got the ny strip mid rare , we did n't send it back but it was definitely much closer to rare . the sides were disappointing . the carrots looked steamed with some weird mint herb thing in it . the string beans were fine but not impressive . then finally the chef sent out a free brownie bite thing which seemed like it was sitting out for a long while . overall come for the steak and popovers , skip the sides and dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "larell , stephanie and bia were incredible bartenders . they truly made the experience one of a kind . the food was amazing . double smoked bacon , tuna tartar and duck liver ( compliments of the chef ) were amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a nice surprise.. cancelled our flemimgs reservation so we would not have to drive and had one of the best dinners ever at ballys where we are staying . steak was cooked perfect and well seasoned . the popovers were awesome . dessert was a warm chocolate tort and really finished off the meal . the server was friendly and attentive . we would absolutely recommend this place . you will not be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time at the blt . the porterhouse for 2 was grilled to perfection , tender and a great tasting cut of beef . the sides were very tasty . the service was great . our server juan took very good care of us . there was a gentleman with a barry white voice refilling our drinks and clearing the table , this made the night perfect . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "showed up for our reservation and were told we would have to wait for 2 hours . in 51 years this has never happened to me . is there anyway to explain this since we were there at 10:30 a.m. ? help me understand this please .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "steak was cold and the service was very poor . our server ( omar ) barely checked in on us . we frequently had to ask for help . there are better places to eat for the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was the greatest steakhouse experience i have ever had ! the service was exceptional and the food was out of this world . juan and joseph made our the meal way better by offering us great recommendations . we had a table of six and everyone received steaks that were cooked to perfection . the waygu filet was the most succulent piece of meat that i have ever had and do n't let the price deter you from having what was the greatest piece of meat on las vegas . i really wish i could give this establishment 1,000 stars . it is now a mandatory every time i come to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go see hugo and lawrence . top to bottom from service , ambiance , and food was amazing . definitely will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even know to start . i met a friend here for dinner . from the moment we were greeted and seated by the hostess , we new we were in for a great evening . the service is done by 2-person teams . perhaps we drew the best team because their level of service was absolutely perfect . we were never abandoned nor were we ever rushed . my friend has the ny strip and i had the dover sole . both were perfectly prepared as were the salads , the sides , and the delicious desserts . the biggest moment of the night was when the superstar , twenty something chef agata came to our table to check on us . omg -- this is a talented chef who had it all -- talent , personality , and humbleness . we were blown away , as she really cared to hear our comments rather than the quick drive by other chefs tend to do . i love this place and plan to return many times in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a perfect dinner experience in a shabby hotel . i would have never expected that kind of restaurant within the ballys hotel . i sat at the bar with full menu . the staff is super friendly . stephanie took care of me and made dinner a super pleasant experience . the bread called popovers are phenomenal . they even give you a little card with the recipe . i started with tuna tartar . that came on ice with a super tasty yet slightly spicy sauce . then i had the dry aged bone in new york strip steak . omg . that char was tasty and cooked to perfection . huge portion . i was n't able to finish the bruxelles sprouts . those tasted like my mother used to make them . i must admit . this place is a gem in a old place . will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible dining experience all around ! several unique choices and the expected steak house standbys all executed to absolute perfection . great restaurant hidden in a hotel in dire need of remodeling . we had a party of 5 and tried everything we could . zero complaints . one nice feature of it being stuffed in the back of ballys is that you can get a table almost anytime with little to no wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty easy to please when it comes to food but my experience with the bone in ny strip was very disappointing ! my steak was so tough it was difficult to cut with my steak knife.if you are going to a steakhouse you expect the meat to be the star and the quality of my steak did not match the $ 69 price for just the steak . service was fine but steak was a real let down .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came here with two other couples to celebrate our wedding day . when our server found out we had just gotten married he surprised us all with a glass of champagne -yay ! the parmesan popovers were so delicious that i could have just ate that all night and been happy ! my husband ordered the parm herb crusted veal chop and it was juicy and wonderful with garlic mash . i ordered the 16 oz striploin and it was cooked to perfection . the service could not have been better and the ambience was very romantic and relaxing which was the perfect end to our amazing day . we can not wait to go back in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and service was amazing the popovers are fricken gooooood ! ! price was fair but had same elsewhere for less . you pay for the name gordon ramsay . heard mixed reviews would n't expect to hear bad but guess it 's anywhere . would go again for anniversary but maybe a deal idk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our experience at blt steakhouse was a disappointing , due the waiter we had , i ordered the short ribs and my wife ordered the lobster salad as her entree , the waiter made a the comment ( that 's all your going to eat ) to my wife in a rather rude tone . i felt his comment was uncalled for to judge what we ordered . he continued to be loud and judgmental . the food was good but the waiters comments were uncalled for . not a good experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first class service and atmosphere . anthony has been our server for years and does his best to make any adjustments we ask for . everything was cooked to perfection and tasted wonderful . we enjoyed the stuffed mushroom caps with our steak", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent steak dinner and restaurant . the staff was above average from the moment the hostess greets you till the moment you leave . our waiter ( jonathan ) was very friendly , provided excellent recommendations , and answered all our questions with fine detail . was very knowledgeable about the menu . the filet mignon and bone - in strip were both superb - very juicy , tender , and almost melt in your mouth , with a buttery-pepper crust that is inexplicable . mashed potatoes were very creamy with just the right portion for two people to share ; asparagus was also done impeccably well . pop-overs were provided to the table with butter and sea salt to top off . food was delightful and tasty in all accounts . overall , wonderful dinner , excellent staff and great environment . highly recommend to all looking for a great steak house . will definitely come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here last time in vegas , always looking for new places to visit while in town . this is a definite , even though it is located in bally 's . service was excellent and the food was awesome . we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my best friend and i decided to stop in for her 30th birthday this past weekend . we sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender robert . he was very nice , informative and patient . his service is incredible , he easily connected with all of the customers making us all laugh and feel comfortable . he was very timely with getting everything to us and made sure that we were happy ! also , you can tell that the managers there really care about their customers and the restaurant . we met warren and lawrence who made us feel special and taken care of . we stayed for hours because of the atmosphere and the food was amazing ! ! we can not wait to get back to vegas to eat there again and will tell all of our friends about our awesome experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful experience here . willy our server was phenomenal , such a great waiter ! everyone was super courteous and accommodating . we ate the oysters , jumbo shrimp cocktail , ny strip , filet mignon , and truffle mashed potatoes . everything was delicious . the mashed potatoes is a must try and the shrimp were gigantic . excellent job overall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to be spoiled..dine at blt steak @ bally 's las vegas . it was amazing and ask for javier he will take care of you . dinner was amazing . i have to say besides the veal chop and the mac and cheese , the best thing that was served was the complementary duck pat\u00e8 with sliced salami on the side..fantastic . after the meal was finished , our server then surprised us with 2 cake pops and 2 bite size brownies . if your looking for a great steak house in vegas..i highly recommend blt steak at bally 's hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3rd time at blt steakhouse tonight . nothing short of spectacular ! chilean sea bass cooked to perfection . my son said his ny strip steak was the best he 's ever had . service was great and everything was delicious ! ! ! do n't miss it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popover bread was really good , but that was the highlight of my meal . it was late and i was in town on business and just wanted a decent bite to eat . i got the wagyu burger and some onion rings . the onion rings were good but under seasoned ( basically no seasoning ) . the burger was cooked to the right temp ( med rate ) but again lacked seasoning , and the protein while having a great texture was over whelmed by the bread , onion lettuce , etc . the bacon was n't crisp and went entirely unnoticed until a piece fell out . the burger basically disintegrated due the juiciness of the burger and moisture of the veg . i ended up eating it with a fork , but did n't finish either . really underwhelmed for a 40 dollar meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only thing that saved them from 1 star was the bread and the salad . it was the worst $ 250 dinner i have ever had . steak was over seasoned , dry , tough , and just awful . the asparagus , over seasoned . the onion rings were good . bread was aahhhhmmazing . service was average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went with my family to blt steak after seeing one of the last jubilee shows . the food was good as was the serve though it was not as smooth as it should have been in a high end restaurant . dinner came out before they had prepped our table for the dinner entrees . overall it was a nice experience and if you are at bally 's worth stopping at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was the most awesome steak ever . had the 28 day aged nyt bone in . heavenly . expensive but by far the best steaks i have had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty average not going to lie , i do n't usually write negative comments , the girlfriend and i were really excited to eat here as we hardly ever go out to fancy restaurants , we ordered the steak tartar and one of the expensive steaks . i 'm very much a steak person and we ordered medium rare , came out chewy and a little burnt , considering the price you would think the meat would fall off the bone , maybe i was unlucky . the waitress we had just a little fake ( like she was over the top ) what really pissed me off was she even looked at our tip before she picked up the bill , which was rude i thought . that food was okay , probably would have had the same steak across at ellis island for 1 fifth of the cost .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome service , unfortunately did get there names ! popovers fantastic and ny strip was so flavorful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as others have experienced , the staff was very nervous and seemed to be always in a state of panic . the decor seemed just meh , but it was weird that the waiter station was in the middle of the restaurant . the good news , the steak was cooked great , we had a bone-in rib eye with the bone marrow ( which did n't really taste like anything ) . the main course did n't seem to be the `` bell of the ball '' it was more of the side dish compared to the chef 's specials that came out as appetizers . the duck liver was good and the pop-overs were great ! the truffle mash was extremly salty and the mushrooms were salty and looked like a pile of mush . anyways , we probably wo n't be back as we frequent las vegas . i told the waitress about the salty food and that she said they enjoy getting feedback , but i was really saying it was un-edible , i was just being nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really good food and service was spot on . they kept the glasses filled and the food was pouring in . our waiter , javier , was so personable and on top of his game . food was really good and exceeded our expectations . only complaint is the lighting was too bright and truffle mash potatoes needed some texture , they were too runny . would def go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful experience . javier offered perfect service - friendly , kind and attentive . the steak was the best i 've had in years . thank you , blt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best dining experience of our trip ! ! ! the pop overs at the beginning are made in heaven . the service was impecable . the rest of the food was just as exquisite . the wine was slightly pricy , but then again , it was vegas ! not pricy enough to lost a star . ca n't wait to go back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved my wife from cleveland to oakland , ca and decided to use abf to move her belongings . we decided to use abf 's relocube service and could n't be happier , the price was dirt cheap , the company was extremely helpful and all her belongings arrived safely at our door less than a week after pick up . also , our driver mark from cleveland deserves a special shout out for being so friendly , helpful and absolutely hilarious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very punctual unless you call them . the timing is unpredictable . rest is luck . the call center is another gamble . give these folks lots of time ... ... further , they are worse on the other end . they will say that they can deliver at any time 8am-5 pm . unless they are told on the phone and yelled 25 times they wo n't deliver on time . good luck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "about 2 years ago , my girlfriend and i used abf to move what few belongings we had from cl oh to sd ca . recently , and after expanding our family by one , we made the decision to move back from sd to cl . i was happy with abf the first move and i 'm even more happy with them for this second move . their . telephone agents are so accommodating , professional and friendly . i would recommend that anyone who is looking to relocate , use this service . they 're great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i recently relocated from cleveland , oh to austin , tx so there will be very similar reviews for both locations as we had encounters with both . i must say the whole experience was awesome just about the whole way through . the cubes were to be dropped off between 8am and noon , and got there around 11am . the driver answered all of our questions , and even suggested ways to pack the cube to get the most bang for our buck . i called the next day to schedule our pickup of the cubes for when we left ohio and they explained the process and one of the best perks is that you do not have to be there when then pick up the cubes to ship . they even give you a tracking number so you can monitor your cubes journey to your new destination . great service , and way better than driving a uhaul truck across the country !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wear contacts and i 've been going to this place ever since i almost went postal at a lenscrafters because my eye exam took so long . the staff here is so friendly and so efficient . dr. beckwith is a great doctor - he takes the time to explain everything and do a thorough exam . yet , you are in and out in less than one hour . i do n't know how he does it . either magic or not overbooking like other healthcare providers seem to do in this town . plus , i only see him once a year yet he remembers ( probably looks up ) little details about my life , such as what i do for a living and where i work . makes me feel special . : ) my only complaint is that the online appointment system does not seem to work . just call for an appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here about two weeks ago to get my eyes checked out and to pick up some desperately needed prescription sunglasses . the doctor i had an appointment with was running behind so dr nagel did my exam for me so i would n't have to wait long . awesome customer service ! after my exam i looked through their eyeglass selection.i thought they had much better choices than eyeglass world . they have different glasses made by dior , coach , prada and much more . i decided to get some brown juicy coture sunglasses . i was hesitant about getting the anti glare lenses because i thought they would ruin the look of my gradient lenses . i would trade the look of gradient lenses for anti glare lenses any day now that i know how great they work . what you see on display is all they have . if you like something you should n't wait because they do n't have extras in the back . i think it keeps the inventory fresh that way . the process was smooth and i recieved my glasses a week early !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. nagel and her courteous staff at vision source are beyond exceptional and it shows with every annual exam visit . i always feel at ease knowing that the health of my eyes are in the care of a top-notch optometrist , who treats every patient with the utmost respect and realizes the importance of maintaining your vision . no file cabinets here either ( ok , maybe that 's a stretch ) , because this optometry is wired for the 21st century . from the cutting edge equipment that supports your exam , to the heavy use of computers for data entry by the staff , means vision source is aware of current trends in technology and how that can help improve your experience during your exam . that 's a big plus for me and why i will continue to return to vision source . thank you dr. nagel ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr lee is nice . the staff is courteous . had my annual eye exam and they were thorough . reason why i 'm giving them 3 stars is because of alex from the front desk who has zero customer skills . she does n't smile at all , does n't listen and is quite intimidating when you ask questions . i told her my last name then she pronounced it incorrectly right after i mentioned it . sasha , the manager helped me instead with my concern because alex was insisting i pay for my bill which was rendered 2 weeks ago that i was n't even aware of . alex did n't explain to me what the bill is for . she just insisted that i was there for that day and it is due now . turned out that she had a mistake and it is pending payment from the insurance . if that is not covered , they should have notify me on that day before i saw the doctor and not surprise me with a bill . i 'm so disappointed with them . if they charge me , i 'm switching doctors", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've never had to wait very long before being seen by the doctor . staff is always helpful and very knowledgeable . even when i brought in sunglasses bought elsewhere the staff was willing to help adjust them without charging . my future appointments have always been correct with multiple texts and a phone call to remind and confirm . insurance billing is done accurately and efficiently . one of the best optometrists ' office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a patient , they take care of me here . they were flexible with me running a few minutes behind on my appointment . the doctor actually took the time to answer my random questions on how to prevent eye problems as far as my food diet . he also explained what each test meant and gave me my results and explained the pictures of my eye . small talk was a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "autumn was very helpful checking me out and helping me save on my rebate , dr nagel explained the health my eyes , everyone is very kind ! would definitely recommend this location and this place in general . lovely girls and jason was awesome assistant ! will be coming back for sure ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been going here for years . the staff is excellent and they 've been here forever . they have the best equipment and excellent selection of eyewear . costco and others can beat the price on an examination . but they do n't do as complete of an exam . do n't be fooled . vision source is far more extensive . they have equipment that is not available at discount eye exam establishments . seriously , do n't go anywhere else . even if it means a drive . they are that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit and we are very pleased . my wife and 5 yr old were treated great and received excellent service ! when looking at glasses the staff even offered ideas for other places with more affordable options . that is amazing ! we 've been to other eye doctors in vegas and have n't been satisfied but we will definitely continue to come back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "convenient location in summerlin . the optometrist who took all my initial measurements of my eyes , rachel , was extremely friendly . apparently i do n't know my left from my right eye and covered the wrong one though . i blame monday 's . but she was excellent and we had a laugh about it . the doctor who came in after who did the more thorough eye exam after was extremely knowledgeable and friendly as well . she answered all of my questions and then some and gave me some samples as i was running low on daily contacts and needed some to get me by before my work trip . great place though and i recommend coming here if you 're looking to get some eye work done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. alissa nagel was very professional and knowledgeable . she demonstrated a high level overview of all the procedures and recommendations . staff was very quick and responsive . i have found a new permanent optometrist . they also have the most up to date medical equipment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. mark lee has seen me and my family for years . he is so kind with my children . he takes the time to explain what he is doing so they are n't startled or scared of all the machines . he makes it fun for them . i 've referred so many of my friends and family to him . everyone has come back with the same thing , they love him and his staff . thanks mark .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was any way i could give vision source 10 stars , i would . seriously , i had the most thorough eye exam of my life , the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly , dr. nagel is knowledgeable but also time-conscious . they hooked me up with some contact dailies and a heating pad for my eyes ! and the ladies were great in helping me choose the right frames for my new glasses . absolutely the best and i ca n't believe i was going anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic experience with dr. nagel . all state of the art equipment and friendly staff . easy to make appointments . she takes the time to explain everything and answer questions . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "liked going to mark lee when he had his own independent office . found this location to be poorly staffed out front . technician was very lackadaisical & impatient with my wife & me . more or less was pointed to the wall displays and was left to fend for ourselves . no reminders mailed . ruined a pair of old glasses being tinted for sunglass use . needless to say going elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. beckwith was great with my daughter and myself . have only visited an optometrist a few times , he took the time to explain things to both of us . when i called to schedule appt . 's an informed the receptionist that we did n't have vision insurance , she checked with our medical plan and helped save us money on a yearly check-up . very knowledgeable , helpful and kind . will deff . be scheduling next years check-up with vision source .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone is always so helpful and nice at this location ! they helped me with my glasses along with my contacts and made me feel very comfortable . i would highly recommend vision source on sahara !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here after getting new insurance through my job . everyone from the front desk to the doctors were super nice and helpful ! very understanding and open to answering questions you have . highly recommend going here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice staff . clean organized office . in my opinion , high tech and modern ( latest eye exam technology ) . dr. nagel is professional , informative and nice . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw doctor lee a couple of weeks ago for a check up . him and his whole staff are awesome . very friendly and helpful ! the only reason i gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because i was a little disappointed with the glasses selection . ended up with a pair that i like ... but do n't a 100 % love ... particially due to my insurance coverage though . thanks vision source for a great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing dr. lee for over 10 years . great guy . all the staff is very friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my first consult @ vision source . outstanding experience in every way . everyone on staff was super friendly , professional & efficient . dr. beckwith is the best ! if you are looking for a place for a thorough eye exam , this is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ( myself , daughter , husband ) have been seeing doctor beckwith for years and have always been impressed with the service . he is efficient and will explain everything he is doing and seeing during the eye exam . of course there might be a wait but where is there not ? i think they have pretty good selection of glasses and there are often 3 tech that are available to help with finding glasses and making sure you are getting what you want in eye wear . i would definitely recommend dr beckwith . he is super nice and as another reviewer commented he remembers you even if you only see him once a year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing dr. beckwith since the late 90 's and the last two years i 've seen dr. nagel . both are excellent optometrists - professional and personable . office staff is great and helpful . i live on the other side of town but continue to go to their practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr james is great all the staff there were friendly n helpful , specially jason , asia n pam if u look for eye dokter thats the place to visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would n't go anywhere else . eyesight is too important . i have to go somewhere i trust . dr. lee is very knowledgeable . i am very confident in going there . i have monovision so it can be very tricky but i never had any issues with dr. lee ' s prescription . i finally convinced my wife to go there and she also loved it so she started taking the kids there . so glad i found someone i can trust for me and my family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love vision source . dr nagel is so awesome , and she keeps my eyes in great shape . the staff is friendly , knowledgable , and efficient . jason , lead super tech , was very knowledgable and helpful during all my testing . lily sold me some awesome glasses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad i went to vision source ! dr. lee explained why i was having problems with burning and itching eyes as well as the remedy for the problem . the staff is friendly and professional as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. mark lee is just the best . he is uber knowledgeable as well as professional ! ( nice guy too ! ) ... but the professionalism does n't stop there ! as soon as you walk in the door the staff makes you feel welcome and at ease , getting you rolling through the testing so that you can discuss the current state of your eyes with dr. mark ... or any of the other dr 's ! these guys know their stuff and are fun to boot ! they also have a great selection of glasses to choose from , too . full service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called for an appointment this morning , and luckily they had an available time for me . i love how they expanded the office , and how the mini stations are more spacious than before . everything went smoothly and quickly . dr. nagel helped me find the right prescription for my eyes with no problem . she also made sure that they fit right , so that everything would be comfortable for me . autumn calculated different ways options i could choose ( which helped a lot ) , and she helped me find really cool glasses . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just ca n't see anything to fault with this business . every time i go , there is never a long wait , all the people who deal with me from the receptionists , to the technicians , to the doctor and finishing up with the staff who helps you select glasses , are just flawless . dr. beckwith discovered a vision problem a couple of years ago and has followed up on it faithfully , including touching base with the specialist i see . appointment reminders are sent by email and you can confirm them , plus you can fill out a patient profile on line , so that you save time when you arrive they just handle everything so smoothly and are real pros when dealing with insurance . i would recommend this practice to anyone who is looking for the best in eye care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr beckwith is a very kind man , and an excellent dr. ! he really cares about his patients ! that is hard to find `` now a days '' . his staff is very professional also . they are always on time , the office is clean , and he uses the newest technology when checking the health of your eyes ! i highly recommend his office !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service . when i had something caught in my eye , they were able to get me in immediately . great frame collection too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience at vision source was wonderful ! dr. nagel really listened to me and gave me options on how to make my contacts more comfortable . she explained everything really well . she was much more thorough than other eye doctors i have been to . she gave me some samples of things to try to help my eyes . the staff was all helpful and friendly . this was probably my best experience at an eye doctor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been dr mark lee 's patient for many years . vision source provides a professional , friendly atmosphere . procedures are clearly explained by staff who appear to enjoy their work . appointments are made efficiently -- amazingly to always fit my schedule . thanks a million to dr lee and everyone at vision source .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "autumn got me in on a last minute emergency visit when i was cancelled on by another office . very professional and explained everything to me it looks like the problem will be fixed also ! will do an update", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service and follow up . glasses ordered on 6 27 16 and promised by 6 8 16 . not in on the 8th but promised by the 11th . was out of town until the 15th . came in to pick them up . after a lengthy wait , they said the glasses were n't in yet ! ! ! ? ? ? three full weeks ? amateurish and unprofessional . nothing but apologies & excuses . a good doctor with a lackadaisical staff . would never recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "help full busy but efficient office , i liked that the doc was my eye health and the fashinestas were about helping me find a good frame fit i had lazer ten years ago but now up close was an issue i am so much happier with cool frames then those grandpa readers i had from costco that where not fitting right thanks dr lee", "score": "5"}
{"review": "upon welcome , the administrative staff is welcoming , efficient and well prepared . i also appreciated the appointment reminders that were sent via text messaging . from jason at intake , to dr. beckwith ' examination and discussion , to alex m. 's assistance with frames and contacts , my experience was well orchestrated . i appreciate the use of technology , the knowledgeable staff , and each person 's sensitivity to me as an individual .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been seeing dr lee for 6 years now and he has been so amazing . highly recommend him and the staff . all of them are always so pleasant and kind . they have treated myself and my husband with such great care . thanks to dr lee he found a tear in my retina years ago that could have turned out to be so much worse . he also removed some metal shavings from my husband 's eye last year . i am so happy to have such a reliable dr and a wonderful office of such great people taking care of us ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr nagel was great , it was an efficient and throughout visit and i got the prescription and new glasses i needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the entire staff is professional , knowledgeable , and helpful . the appointments always start at the designated time and are thorough , informative and efficient . i am a patient of dr. mark lee and he is exceptional in his analysis and ability to discuss all aspects with patients . on my 6 16 16 visit , victoria assisted me through the various tests and she is an asset to this facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very helpful from the beginning ! fast and friendly staff ! ! ! highly recommend them ! they make the experience fun ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was so nice ! thorough exam yet did not take very long . showed me the pictures they took of my eyes and explained what they were for . never had that info in other places . plus no eye dilating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr. lee for several years and coming to vision source since he started here . the location is convenient , the office is a good size , and the staff is pretty nice . i like the optical shop and the selection is nice . dr. lee is a great doctor and has always been super helpful with my terrible terrible eyes . he 's very thorough and explains things very carefully without making you feel like an idiot . i 've been wearing glasses for about twenty years and he 's my favorite eye doctor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. nagel is the best ! she thoroughly explains what 's going on with your eyes and describes the results diagnosis . in addition , the staff at vision source is super amicable and professional . this business really believes in providing the best customer service , products and deliverance of diagnostics on eye health . i will definitely be back and recommend them 100 % cost of 45 day contacts $ 60 cost of guess brand eye glasses frame , plus antiglare ( after applying insurance coverage ) $ 120 cons : not a great selection of brand named frames .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been seeing dr. beckwith for 20 years . they are always friendly and professional when i go in . my entire family goes and we all wear glasses . they are quick to fix any issues and listen to us . i am always pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional and courteous and kind . the experience we had with optometry and the purchase of glasses was excellent . my wife and i both were treated very well , the doctor was superb . thank you very much", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are great ! from the front desk , to the tech , to the doctor , the staff was knowledgeable and super friendly . they got me in and out quickly , yet i never felt rushed . i will absolutely be using them from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family adores dr. nagel . she is amazing with my two children . the office has state of the art equipment and is one of the most efficient medical offices that i have ever been in . all of the staff is friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful . i ca n't say enough positive things about vision source .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i previously rated this place 5 stars strictly based on my visit with the doctors here who are really great . however , after two extremely rude encounters with employees at the front desk and at the glasses contacts counter , my perspective has changed . doctors-great ! front office and glasses contacts staff- terrible ! keep in mind that these are different departments . do n't be surprised if you encounter a snobby employee in those departments who seem to get away with treating customers improperly . i will not go back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. nagel is incredibly smart and 100 % knows exactly what she 's talking about . she 's very sweet and friendly , she helped me through an eye issue i was having ; again she rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr lee is nice . the staff is courteous . had my annual eye exam and they were thorough . reason why i 'm giving them 3 stars is because of alex from the front desk who has zero customer skills . she does n't smile at all , does n't listen and is quite intimidating when you ask questions . i told her my last name then she pronounced it incorrectly right after i mentioned it . sasha , the manager helped me instead with my concern because alex was insisting i pay for my bill which was rendered 2 weeks ago that i was n't even aware of . alex did n't explain to me what the bill is for . she just insisted that i was there for that day and it is due now . turned out that she had a mistake and it is pending payment from the insurance . if that is not covered , they should have notify me on that day before i saw the doctor and not surprise me with a bill . i 'm so disappointed with them . if they charge me , i 'm switching doctors", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my experience at vision source was outstanding ! ! ! all the girls were no nice and the eye dr. was professional and on time . i would recommend his place to everyone ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't be happier with vision source . the technology they have in their office is above any other eye doctor i 've ever visited ! the doctors were all so nice and professional . the eye wear selection was amazing as well . i 'll never go anywhere else ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . the entire staff is super friendly and the doctor 's are great . i have been to 7 different doctors in the valley and still struggled with my vision . i mentioned my frustration to dr. nagel and she took the extra time to finally help me to see .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service by the entire staff . the front desk was friendly and accommodating . dr. nagel was very professional and nice every time myself and my family are there for our appointments . i highly recommend vision source for your optometry needs . in my opinion vision source is the only choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "black oak brewery is one of the few local breweries in the toronto area . it is not only a retail store where you can pick up some of their beers which are seasonal and not available in lcbo or beer stores . if you do ask nicely , you even get a private tour of the facilities and gets to taste a couple of beers ! ! ! ( 5 to be exact ! ! ) summer sasion and 10 bitter year are only available in the brewery as 6 packs which i now have them in my fridge ready for a patio party ! we also tasted some small batch ipa on tap only ... and of course their usual pale ale and nutty brown ale ... which one is my favourite ? i think i need to sample them again to find out ! i definitely coming back for a visit next time when i in the area ! ! maybe even for some of the events they host like game night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "10 bitter years by wayne pour it straight from the bottle . flavours that 'll last 'til tomorrow . eight percent of citrusy floral . to take away all your sorrows . a decade of beer , shows no fear . this can store for ten more years . 10-years of black oak bitterness . brings forth hoppy deliciousness . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ocb - ontario craft brewer r o h2o - reverse osmosis water", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was referred to frontier by the tow truck driver , after my power steering pump failed . knowledgeable staff and very fair pricing . gilbert runs one of most honest automotive repair shops in phoenix ! i highly recommend them ... . !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gilbert is amazing ! he is an honest kind man . every time we take our cars in he fixes everything properly and is reasonable . i would recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know you always doubt whether you got screwed when you get your car fixed right ? well not at frontier . gilbert is the man ! ! he will be honest about what your car needs and even better what it does n't need ! ! ! yes you heard me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would never recommend anyone except gilbert to get the job done . he never overcharges ( one time he overestimated and then charged me less than what i was expecting ) and he never takes advantage of you . he 's the most honest mechanic i 've ever come across and anytime anyone ever asks me for a recommendation for a mechanic , gilbert is the first and only person i think of . he 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just like everyone says ... gilbert is about as honest and knowledgeable a guy you can have on your side when you need your car fixed . i have been using them for years and i am always satisfied with the outcome ... heck i even had them install my new engine on my expedition and it was in in one day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only gotten anything replaced on my car here , mainly because my parents have known the owner a long time . but i have to say the location of this place kind of freaks me out , and the shop is in deparate need of some tlc . looks are n't everything though because this shop has always done a great job on my car . this place is n't really in our neighborhood , but when you find someone who does n't screw up fixing your car you do n't mess with that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been using frontier auto for the last five years and have brought all kinds of makes and models and problems to them and they have always fixed . very fair and honest and gilbert is great . they have even taken time to show me how to fix my own car problems . thanks again and see you all soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "some of my family takes their vehicles here & i had always heard good things from my family about this place.i live in surprise but have taken two of my vehicles there recently.i was very pleased & happy with the service.i feel they come across with honesty as well.i just got my car from there yesterday which i thought they werent going to get it done till today but they were right on top of it and i got the call is was done.when i got there one of the mechanics came up to me & started explaining to me what was going on with my car & what they did to fix it.gill is also great.everyone is kind & helpful.i am a person who will stay a loyal customer as long as i feel like im treated right.great place.definitely will continue to take my vehicle here.i hope everyone who tries this place out will leave feeling the same way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "over all this a good place to go . some other places will flat lie to you or charge crazy prices . very honest service here . some vehicles are very hard to work on . do n't drive a pos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car for service for a leak gilbert called me promply and explained the problem.the car was fixed in a timely manner.they are honest and friendly.did a great job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived in the area of this dennys for about 17 years and never before stopped . it just went through a major remodel that apparently even moved the entrance door . so everything is fresh and new . the food was ok , i tried the seasonal pumpkin pancake breakfast . service was adequate . 6am i was surprised there was no coffee ready or even brewing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unreal ! showed up only to have some nitwit little teen roll her eyes when my partner kissed my cheek . seated us then no one even came to take a drink order after ten minutes waiting and it was n't that busy . i guess if you are some knuckle dragging bigot this is a good place for cheap crappy food ... i 'll be taking my gay money elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located just one block away from asu west on thunderbird , south side of the road . given the proximity to campus you would expect to see more students but the crowd is more of the traditional denny 's crowd , including senior citizens . this location is clean and has relatively good service , and the same denny 's food that you 'll find at just about any other . although there are other restaurants in the area that are local and family owned , sometimes an omelette with pancakes is just what you crave in the afternoon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "susan kept our coffee full with a smile ! my uncle and i stopped in for pancakes , eggs , bacon , and waffles . though we had fresh coffee the entire time , the coffee itself was n't the best . my belgian waffle was cooked to a crisp but it would benefit from 30 seconds less . this denny 's is fine just do n't expect anything over the top .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after 5 years of being here every friday with a networking group i am no longer returning and my group of 30 business owners are not either . new owners are owners who are number people only and do not care about the customers or staff . the lesson for them will be when they see the numbers are dependant on people . ... the same people they care little for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a mystery . after the remodel , the first few times we went there , the food and service was outstanding . the last three times , both food and service have been subpar . whether they were short-staffed or just overwhelmed by the volume of patrons , somehow the management has to figure out how to make sure customers are n't waiting 45 minutes for food once the order is placed . i 'll give it another shot in hopes they heed the reviews .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great place to eat that is close to home . servers are mostly very experienced and work hard at keeping customers happy . later at night they are sometimes understaffed but have patience and smile . they have probably had a long day and the food is worth the wait : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this denny 's was remodeled and it looks great ! ! the food and service were good ! ! would recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hey it 's denny 's . i love this place because it 's right next to where i live . i would n't give denny 's 5 stars because it 's not the best food in the world , but it 's fun food and easy and you know what you 're gon na get . i love their cheap menu they have with the $ 2 , $ 4 , and $ 6 items . you can create a huge breakfast for near nothing . this location is what i 'd call an old style denny's.. i almost said ghetto denny 's , but strangely , the people in there were more normal and just laid back . this was after going there twice . the server 's reminded me of the old smitty 's restaurant people . older and pretty nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "being new to the area , me and my wife had nothing much to do on christmas so we decided to go eat at this denny 's . as i arrived i noticed a few employees not too happy about having to work on christmas which is totally understand however our server vince was the complete opposite . he is the reason i am giving this place 5 stars . even though there was so many people to attend to he made sure everyone was well taken care of . had a very positive attitude and was super friendly . i would definitely return and recommend anyone here just because of him . thank you for you 're excellent customer service and positive attitude vince !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best denny 's i have ever been to . staff is amazing . on my most recent visit my server jen was super friendly . my wife ordered banana french toast , and they were out of bananas . jen went notified her manager kyle . he came over apologized , asked us if it would be okay for us to wait a few minutes . he went to the store and bought bananas . we were absolutely blown away with the service . the food quality a denny 's is definitely progressed . the store is very clean . i highly recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just walked in because i wanted to treat myself after a long day and was left standing there without any acknowledgement or anything . there were only two tables with people and one person at the individual seating . a worker even noticed me standing there but did not say anything . after standing there for some time i just left . if you want curteous and friendly service do not come to this denny 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse place ever ! our server was coughing while she was taking our order . took forever to get our food and we had to get up to get our ticket to leave . our server was talking about her work problems with the guest next to us i never been to a very poor service place i will never stop by here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the one and only reason we come to this location is because of a server and his name is reno . what a funny guy ! he is such a pleasure to do business with and we will keep coming here until he goes elsewhere . good job picking that one denny 's and your new pancakes a fucking amazing . keep that shit up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took over one hour to receive our food . server seemed nice however he was so baffled as to why the wait was so long it only made us more anxious . poor kid he tried hard : ( the food arrived one hour and thirty mins after we ordered , it was wrong but there was no way i was about to say anything , i was just happy to have food . all the tables around me were as upset as we were . it was one of the more uncomfortable feelings i have ever had in a restaurant . i paid my whole tab and never complained like all the other tables . so my wife tells me it was the worst $ 65 we ever spent . which to me was just the cost to get the heck out of there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went there for dinner on a sunday mid afternoon . and after we got seated everything went downhill the sodas were nasty , the waitress got my order completely wrong , they shorted the hubby on bacon and sausage i asked for a cake to go and never got that . the only thing the manager would say was i am sorry she did n't put the order in right . although i guess it was nice that he gave us $ 5.00 off . we have had good service there so i suppose it 's who you get as a server .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we end up at this denny 's because it is open 24 hours and halfway between my house and a friends house . every time we end up here we end up asking ourselves why we are here and did n't stop in anyplace else ! when you walk in they ignore you for up to 20 minutes . often times i get bored and just seat myself because i 'm tired of waiting . after being seated or self seating , the servers take forever to acknowledge that you sat down and then they take even longer to bring drinks or food and good luck getting a refill or ordering dessert or anything else . it is seriously some of the worst service i have ever had and not on just one occasion where one could assume being understaffed for whatever reason . this is the worst service of any denny 's i have ever been to and some of the worst service in general . getting checked out when ready to leave is also nearly impossible . we feel like unwelcome guests interrupting their day . and we are adults with money who tip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thanks tiffany for a quick and speedy service . 2 o'clock am on a tuesday is n't busy at all that 's why you guys should keep tiffany busy by joining her . she 's very easy to talk to . the cook all i can say is fast clean and dynomite", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i used to not enjoy denny 's . i thought they used to be overpriced compared to alot of cheaper places . they 've made alot of changes to their menu and prices . i really enjoy it now . i only go here for breakfast . they have breakfasts for $ 2 , $ 4 , and a large omlette breakfast for $ 6 . the $ 2 bisquits and gravy and awesome , and yes , only $ 2 for a big plate of bisquits and gravy . ther food quality is good , service is good , and all around good place with their new pricing and menu options . they are open late at night but have a limited late night menu . i believe they still have free food on your bday . mine is tomorrow , so i 'm going there for my free breakfast . they also have a special where kids eat free making it even cheaper . i think they 've made a tremendous improvement to their food and prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's denny 's . it 's not exactly the greatest restaurant so for anyone to have high standards is nuts . the food is good , but i never like to get steak and mashed potatoes . it 's always too small . if you 're only moderately hungry then it 'll fill you . denny 's is good for sandwiches like the philly cheese steak and breakfast . the customer service was excellent . the first time we came here , there was a waiter that talked and had similar look to justin long , really great customer service skills . had michael last night as a waiter , also terrfic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wifi is good , ambience is nice and love the $ 2 $ 4 $ 6 $ 8 menu ... a variety of afordable and delicious choices that will surely fill u up", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to eat breakfast but ended leaving . restaurant did not appear busy . it took almost 10min before anyone even acknowlege me . three customer coming out were all discusing how slow the whole service was . over hear one of them tell the person she was paying , and no apologies were n't given just a smile . thats when i decided to go to another place . it seems after the remodels in all denny 's customer service in north phoenix share the same low customer service decline within this last year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! ! ! fantastic soups , sandwiches , cakes - actually everything is amazing ! everything is fresh and full of flavour ! i have just started a new job across the road and this is my favourite lunch spot ! the owner and staff are super friendly and helpful . would recommend relish to anyone who likes amazing food and variety at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3rd review of this place - i now love it , rely on it and couldnt be without it ! ! by example over the course of one weekend i made 3 visits for 3 totally different reasons . visit 1 : lunch - their barcelona sandwich which i had as a toasted wrap - soft smokes chorizo with manchego and a balsamic glazed rocket salad ! it was perfect - so so so good and just what i was looking for . finished with a very nice espresso ! visit 2 : deli items - sundried tomatos , fresh tomatos , garlic , black olives , dried porchini and crayfish tails . visit 3 : wine - lovely cabarnet saviogon under a tenner and very tasty ! all in all tremendous - they are also now one of the only stockists i have seen of salted cod which seems to be the in thing in recipes i read ! ! : ) jd = ooober happy man !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shore in leith is constantly being heralded as the new centre of edinburgh for foodies , and the existence of relish right here seems to corroborate this . it 's a fairly high-end deli , where you can go for a sophisticated kind of sandwich or light lunch , or else do some gourmet shopping - they stock a range of cheeses , pickles , fancy-looking vegetables and the like . it 's a little pricey , but seems less so when you consider what the equivalent kind of shop would charge you somewhere like new town . and if you know your roquefort from your dolcelatte , then you 'll recognise that relish is a place of quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grabbed lunch from here today ... a crayfish with lemon & paprika mayo wrap ... ummm ... a deli that will sell me crayfish for lunch ? ! yes please ! ! why is this place not closer to my place ? ? ! ! ! also grabbed a bag of buffalo wing flavoured pretzel chips.. yes.. you read that right.. buffalo wing pretzel chips.. aside from those morsels of deliciousness , they had a selection of other sandwiches in the fridge or you could make your own from the counter.. deli part seems well stocked though i did n't have too much time to look around . also have a good selection of cheeses as well . there 's a few seats inside if you want to sit in , i chose to take my food and sit out in the sun by the shore !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my review is basically based on a short visit to this cafe deli place . we ordered their daily soup which was thai vegetable and it was absolutely lovely ! spicy , nice seasoned and quite fresh ! they have a quite good selection of wine and cheeses . also we found our favourite tortillas chips in there which was handful ! would definitely come back and try their salads that looked quite nice too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are right next door to us , they are really helpful and the food is great and really fresh . i recommend the spicy crayfish baguette - wonderful . the coffee is lovely and you can sit in or take away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great little deli cafe , relish is ideal for getting that quick bite to eat at lunch time or a morning coffee . located near the water of leith , and on commercial street , relish provides freshly made sandwiches , homemade soups and a selection of hot drinks . furthermore , it provides a wide range of cheeses , meats and italian themed foods , including olives . i have been there a few times and on both times the food has been excellent and defiantly represents value for money . the soup and bread combo does not cost much more than two or three pounds , the tomato basil soup i tasted was warm and tasty . however , if you want a bit more to eat i can also advise upon the sandwiches . i had a baguette with cheese , salami milano and a red onion salad . again it was great and very filling as well ! i would certainly visit relish again and i am envious of the people of leith for having such a good deli cafe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sigh , i would have to discover here in january , my month of abstinence : ( an amazing wee deli , will a large wine and beer selection . well worth checking out : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great wee deli-cum-caf\u00e9 in the heart of the shore area of leith , relish is one of the best choices for lunchtime nourishment . the massive range of fresh sandwiches are prepared in front of you can you can choose your filling from the big glass counter . as well as soups and sandwiches , you can also buy hard to find grocery items that you wo n't find in most supermarkets . delicious speciality cheeses , meats and olives , to name a few . the staff are really friendly and will help you make sense of the huge range of delicious ingredients . if you are in a hurry there are usually some of the more popular sandwiches made up and ready to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dirty gross , all the bums hang out here . avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this park is on the dirty side with broken glass in the parking lot . we had to be careful with our dogs . we only went here a couple of times . lots of people have parties here , though . so , it 's popular with that crowd- i was n't sure if they were families , but they were having a bbq . i did notice that the basketball courts had quite a few people there . we have n't been there recently .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there 's always some sketchy people around this park , and the grass is patchy and covered in bird poop , but i come back for the open basketball courts with convenient access to water fountains . do n't take your kids down the slides -- i 've seen several interesting characters using them as beds .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this park offers lots of recreation picnic tables , playground , basketball courts , an indoor swimming pool and more , but sadly the previous reveiws are right . there is a huge heroine epidemic in this area in which there are drug deals , homeless drug addicts who sleep there , it 's really bad . i live across the street and know first hand as i had 2 very good middle class everyday freinds who went down the heroine road , lost everything including their children . ..they sleep there so i know first hand . my subdivision has had several break ins and robberies from these people . it 's horrible and sad . a beautiful park . these are the facts . : ( so enter at your own risk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "playing pickleball here . lots of lines on the courts so it 's a bit confusing at first . and the glare from the huge glass windows is blinding . next time i 'm wearing my sunglasses . hope that will help .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i lived in this neighborhood a number of years ago and can assure you this is n't a park you 'd want to visit with your kids or even by yourself late at night . any evening of the week you can find homeless people living around the park as well as people dealing drugs . they did have softball tournaments here quite regularly . if you 're coming here as part of a large group you probably wo n't have any problems with the riff raff that likes to hang around here . but as far as visiting it for a leisurely stroll or a quite picnic i 'd definitely look elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a large event at this park last weekend and this is what i need to say about it -- - - i paid $ $ to rent it for the day and when i went there in person ( which is required even though i live in northern calif ) i was told several things that differed from what i was told on the day of the event . - the area we were at was extremely dirty and the restrooms we were told to use at the other area were disgusting . deplorable was accurately used by another reviewer ! we would only use the ones in the main building ! i would not consider using this park again unless the city took some pride in it and kept the rental areas and restrooms clean . the city or county health department should even be called to investigate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this park is great- trees , grass , lots of grills , nice big walking trail with shade , fabulous pool that is cheap and rarely busy , and a community center . i walk the dog here early in the morning , jog the trail into the night , kids went to preschool here and took swim lessons . i cant say enough about their swim lessons- sooo reasonably priced , great instructors , wish they went all year . picnic areas get a lot of use on summer weekends , so grab your spot early . yes , like any big city park with grass and mature trees , there are occasionally homeless people . i ca n't say that it 's ever been an issue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of poke stops and nice families hunting together . lots of price presence so safety is not an issue trails could be smoother , but they are not horrible", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to see a race but most people that work here do n't know where anything is asked a security how to get to the pits , was sent on wild goose chase do n't know where they get their help people that serve beer are n't educated on what their products are . amazing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great place to see a race but some disappointments came with it . there are not many , if any other sports venues where you can bring alcohol into . so that 's always a plus . the people watching is the best you will ever get in anywhere . there is plenty of parking and always a golf cart at some point to drive you up to your seats . my disappointment came in renting a suite for our clients . most suites are rented for the entire season and fixed up by the renting company to look and feel they want . this client only wanted it for one race and didnt have the money to invest in upgrades . the suite was filthy . even after getting them to clean it , it was not acceptable for the level of clients we had in there . for what they paid , i would think cms could afford to update and maintain their suites .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "whoo hoo ! came to visit from out of town and was looking for something to do . consulted `` the yelp '' and found out about this place . checked the website and found out there were church bus races that night . sold ! this was my first time doing anything like this and it was fantastic ! we paid $ 7 each for entry , plus we did it up and got ourselves some bud tallboys to complete the experience . the engines were loud , the crowd was rowdy , and the bathrooms were clean . what else could you want out of your night ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the charlotte motor speedway nascar thrill ride was a whole lot of fun ! ! although as a group we did not get to get inside a car , we did speed around the track . sitting on top of the 24 degrees slope was defiantly something to experience . i 've watched a few times and never knew how steep it was inside a vehicle . as a group event , i highly recommend . as tip , sit on the 1st vehicle , front seat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this racetrack we stayed in the hdtv lot and our view was perfection . races at your doorstep . the lot is pavement , with electricity hookups . everyone is very friendly and attentive . one of the best customer service i have seen at a track . you need to wear your sunglasses at night when sitting by your rv to watch the hdtv . we were on the second row mid lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eat before you come or bring your food with you . make sure you bring your ear plugs unless you are sitting in a suite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to the coca cola 600 at cms twice , and absolutely loved it both times . yes , it 's loud and dirty , but it 's an automobile race , not golf ! the facilities are very clean and conveniently located , there are lots of vendors if you need a cold drink or hot food . you can bring your own food & beverages if you want , just make sure your cooler is the correct size . every one of the staff members that i spoke with were very helpful . we already have tickets to the 2016 coca cola 600 , and i ca n't wait to get there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on a work management trip . my company went all out with a nice suite and pit passes so we had the vip experience . i know nothing about nascar but learned alot by asking a ton of questions with co workers who love the sport . the place is huge and super loud obviously with insanely fast cars going in circles . the atmosphere is fun and lively . people love their nascar in this area . i will likely never be back in nc but it was a fun experience for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this track , but some of the track employees need a lesson in manners . one of the ticket takers snatched my phone out of my hand and deleted my ticket . he also broke my phone when he dropped it on the ground , no apology , nothing ... .. another told my wife `` to sit her ass down '' when we had just got to our seats and was only trying to take a picture .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went for a guided tour of the speedway . it was pretty much what we expected . the petty driving experience was at the track so we were inconvenienced some . we were n't able to get onto the track immediately . when we did , we were limited but to one pass . normally , it is two . : ( our guide was knowledgeable . we had a good time taking us around , indulging our curiosities , and imparting knowledge to us . everyone involved with the track was warm and friendly . definitely a tour to be taken when one is in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to see the boa 500 . we had some really good tix , the hot passes . got to see all of the cars up close , see some drivers , go into the garage , etc . i did n't pay for the tix , and am not sure how much it was ... but it was awesome . those cars are insane ! to be so close was a treat . then walking on pit row , walking on the track ... that was a great experience . the drivers are so nice , it is like they 're nothing special ! weird ! stood behind pit row during the race ... those cars are fast and loud . it gives so much more to the race - i 'm not even a fan . glad i came though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a great experience here and chose to sit in the family seating where no alcohol was allowed . there were always security staff walking around and everything was extremely convenient . as always , you 'll pay high prices for food and drinks , but we were expecting that . hopefully we 'll be able to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we always have such a great time when we go . the suites are always spotless but when we are in the stands we get the mess you are supposed to get at the race lol . it 's a great place to be and a great family event", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aaaaaahhhh traffic and people everywhere . while the events and vendors are pretty neat , the influx of obnoxious drunks who attend this venue keep me far , far away from this place whenever events are in town . to me , the arena is just a traffic clogging roadblock . but hey , i guess it 's good for some folks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't go to the lights display ! what an inconsiderate way to lure people in to shell out $ 20 . we waited 90 minutes and i finally found someone to lead us out ! we were n't even halfway to the inside . they were nice . but ... it is an environmentally unsound event . another car ran out of gas while in line and they had to tow him out ! they should sell limited tix for a saturday night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here for my wife 's employee christmas party . nice looking spot and the building is nice and spacious with multiple levels and different party rooms , the entire experience was pretty cool . i need to go enjoy a race sometime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw my first nascar race , the coca-cola 600 , at charlotte motor speedway . i 've never been a big fan of nascar because it always seemed a little boring on tv . seeing the race in person was much more fun ! i loved that we could bring in our own food and beer , although we did patronize the food stalls inside as well . it 's very loud here , so you definitely need to bring earplugs . there was an option to purchase audio accompaniment of the race , which we did not do . lots of parking , but you should still try to come early so you can park closer . super fun experience and i do n't even like nascar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when folks come here from out of town , this is what they want to see . a few out of town friends have asked me if i was `` at the race '' before when there was a big one , and like a typical jaded charlottean , i had no idea there even was a race . the facility is great , but garret g. is right about the wasted redneck factor . if you go prepared for what you 're going to find ( cars going round and round , wasted rednecks , etc . ) it can be something of an anthropological adventure . without that perspective , though , i ca n't imagine it would be much fun unless you 're a race fan . i 've always had a good time when i 've gone , though , just watching folks freak out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointed with charlotte motor speedway . definitely sticking with pocono going forward . i bought pit-passes for my kids and was not allowed in because they closed access early . check the site around noon if you have put passes because they take full advantage of their `` subject to change '' disclaimer . they also wo n't let you in with a stroller , not even one of those little umbrella strollers . the people at the gate do n't know what 's going on and were pretty rude . the bathrooms are disgusting . there 's also not much for your young ones to do . it took us an hour just to get out of the parking lot when the race was over . such a clusterf because they shut the road down and there 's only 1 way to exit the lot for about 5000 cars . the only thing i liked was you can actually see the entire track from your seat , you including the back straightaway . but we are officially a pocono family .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to the coca cola 600 race with my family and was not expecting to see people that could not hold their liquor.in the parking lot people were staggering drunk and yelling obscenities . after the race i returned to my recently new car with key scratches all the way down the side of it . i parked correctly . i guess someone did not like something about my car . this is the last race i will go to . my son was wondering why the fans were acting so poorly . i told him that there are bad people that make the good ones look bad . nascar races do not promote a good family environment . i doubt i will go to another race !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lowes motor speedway can be fun , for an hour or two . these races are so long though . i got a few free tickets from my boss for the sprint race and i went with a friend of mine from work . the nice thing about racing is that you can bring your own brews inside , whereas most sporting events make you pay about seven dollars a beer . this is good and bad , it saves quite a bit of money , but there are so many wasted rednecks . luckily they have cops on ever corner , or this place would be pure anarchy . i actually left a kind of early , i ca n't really watch cars go around and around for that long . it just is n't my thing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i highly recommend the tour . i decided i wanted to be a billy badass and sit in the front seat , it 's not for the faint of heart . you visit each track and get a good dose of information about the track and racing in general . the tour is super reasonable , $ 12 , and the ticket gets you a discount in the gift shop . protip : go to the bathroom before the tour", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing place . we have attended a few races here . the traffic people control the mass vehicles like its a science and you feel very safe . our most recent visit was during a non-race day and we took the cheap ( $ 8 ) tour . the van we rode in was comfy and it was n't over crowded . there was not a lot of walking and the tour guide imparted a lot of knowledge in a short time . the tour takes you through the nascar track along with infield , dirt track , and drag strip . you get to ride for 2 laps at 70 mph and see the pits , garages , drifting lot , and infield care center . we were extremely impressed with this tour and felt it was worth every penny . i would insist on anyone in the area taking it even if they only have a hint of appreciation for racing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clubhouse seats are the way to go ! we were in ac comfort and kept dry as a thunderstorm rolled through during the coca-cola 600 . fun experience , although the parking situation could be better . $ 30 for parking is highway robbery .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally have never attended a nascar event here , but i did get to run on the track in the very first nc half marathon ! i can tell you it probably takes longer for me to run around the track on foot than to watch a car go around it . we were able to run in the infield and also around the entire charlotte motor speedway property ( also across the street to the zmax drag strip ) . overall i was pretty impressed with the facilities . the dirt track is looking pretty cool ( i guess this is one of the newer installments of the speedway ) . now that i 've actually been inside , i definitely need to attend a race ... even just one time . the grand scale of everything that is charlotte motor speedway has me curious now ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool speedway in nascar country . we attended the all star race here . i liked that there are places to park for free . yes , you 'll walk a bit , but you 'll be walking a bit no matter what . seating it a little confusing . the different areas are named after car makes , so there are multiple sections with the same section number , make sure you are in gm vs toyota , etc . we sat in the wrong section accidentally before we realized that we did n't recognize any of the people in the area . whoops . food and beverage options are okay . all the greek places are related , so are the bbq places , etc . prices are reasonable for a sports venue but higher than you 'd pay outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't go to the xmas thing . run by mouth breathing gomers , minimum 2 hours complete waste", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is overpriced overcharging everything 's got a charge and nascar lost it 's mind with the taper plate the racing is a joke nobody 's passing everybody 's just driving in circle ! where the racing all i watch is fellowing not racing . sorry nascar you just lost a fan .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome for nascar . terrible design for exit traffic . i sat on the road going towards the speedway for 1 hour and did n't even move 30 feet . mega fail for charlotte motor speedway and traffic control police . this needs some major attention asap", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been coming to this track for 18 years now , so many great memories", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this track in the nascar sprint cup . the crowd from start to finish is into the race . now with the new largest 1080 hd tv ever made there is never a bad seat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the track tour was amazing ! you 'll hit the high banks and also take a trip down the drag strip ! awesome time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my wife 's and my first time to this track and we loved it . we sat in the enclosed temperature regulated seats which is a comfortable way to see the race i have to admit . my only complaint is that i could barely hear the cars from behind the glass . i like the rumble of a race car at the track . lesson learned snd we ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here was for the 600 on memorial day weekend . i absolutely love this track . i plan to make the drive to see it next year as well . we might even go for the fall race in fall 2018 to see the new road race .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting charlotte for any type of fun was for the 56th running of the coca cola 600 . ushers at the track were helpful and kind . probably the best atmosphere for racing . charlotte knows how to party and it was a blast . i recommend for anyone who loves nascar to go to a charlotte race .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woo che is one of the many choices you have in town when it comes to all-you-can-eat gluttony . they have a pretty killer spread here of items you can choose to bring back and grill at your table , but if you 're the type that just likes to scarf down food and not have to wait for it to cook , then they have a variety of cooked items here as well . as other reviews mention , service here can be spotty at times , and do not come in here all dressed up for a night on the town because the food smells will permeate your clothes ( and hair ) its not even funny ... aloha ! ! ! yelp 365 challenge- ( 311 365 ) `` smell-o-vision ... .see , taste , and smell ! ! ! ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i decided to give an update to woo che . still lovin their bbq selections , but i came to give an update since my last visit last week ! so i decided to bring a friend there to eat for dinner . the dinner was still 16.99 per person , but one thing i did notice is that they added a new dyi bi bim bap station ! clever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really did n't like wooche . i do n't know if we just went on a bad night but the food just was n't that good and the place seemed really dirty . the quality of the food was n't that good either . i do not think i will be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "korean bbq ayce so i tried this a couple of times now and i can write an good review . this place was initially 3 stars but after comparing to other korean bbq in vegas it went up to 4 . it 's get your own stuff style k-bbq which the more i have it the better i think it is . highlights : dont need to finish junk you dont want to get more of the stuff you do want will try different things because its not a whole plate . as much sauce as you want as much or as little banchans as you want . the flank steak is the best item there imo , most palce dont have it cause its a more expensive meat , its what real carne asada is made with . cons : limited on type of meats sometimes the meat looks not so fresh , but you can jsut avoid that stuff since it 's pick you own . overall this is the one i would recommend for a while , this and jin mee .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just a note that this place appears to be closed- went by with a friend who loved this place , and there was a stack of old newspapers by the door and it was all locked up at lunch and stayed that way our entire trip . : ( really bummed , since i 'd heard great things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "woo che is just as good as sura but cheaper ! good selection of meats but they were out of rice the whole time i was there , which is n't good for an asian like me that eats rice witg everything ! i 'll be back though ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought a yelp deal for this place and was very excited to check out their lunch buffet . the deal did n't state any sort of restrictions , but the waitress said that we could only use it during dinner . i was too hungry and did n't want to drive back here again so i just sat at the table that i was pointed at . the restaurant is quite small , but it had a decent variety of beef , pork and chicken . some special items were paper thin slices of brisket and beef tongue . there was also some intesttines that seemed to be stuffed with chopped liver . there was some banchan as well , but nothing stood out other than the sweet potatoes . there was also some chinese offerings like spring rolls , sesame chicken and dumplings that i stayed away from . i also avoided the sushi since it was extremely heavy on the rice . the bulgogi which was thinly sliced and very tender was definitely the star . the desserts were disappointing , so i just loaded up on the beef and chicken .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wish someone brought me here earlier ! i always had kbbq at tofu hut . i really like the buffet style here . it 's neat , to me . i like having to pick out my meat whenever i want and then getting some side food along with it . besides the meat you can pick , they have other little side dishes , like fruits and sushi , etc . there 's different types of rice , too . consider it a buffet for your korean barbecue ! next time i want kbbq , i 'm most likely coming here . : ) servers were nice . one star down because the grill we had kept blowing the smoke into one certain area and it was very hard to enjoy your food with it blowing in your face . we did n't have room to really avoid it cause of our party and the table space . i 'm definitely not sitting in that table again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ayce ftw ! kbbq 's are for you if you are hungry as hell , as i was this day . me and my cousin checked this place out on the recommendations of our insurance agent who is korean , said it was worth trying out . i generally stick with the beef , pork and some times get the seafood and stay away from the raw chicken ( do n't want to contaminate everything ) . they have a wide selection of cold items but not as many hot items as say sura bbq does . service was friendly and would help out if you needed something . this old building has been around for a while and i ca n't quite place what it use to be . kbbq is hard to mess up since its up to you to cook everything , and as long as they keep the food fresh and the place clean it 'll be a winner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every year , my whole entire family heads to vegas for about a week . this time before we left , my cousin and i looked for some good ayce kbbq places . we found five that looked great , and man oh man ! wooche was awesome ! good eats for sure ! why you ask ? well , let us look at the following factors : -excellent variety : from pork , beef , chicken , seafood to cooked items -excellent service : staff is attentive and always looking out for the burned up grill to change -excellent price : $ 13.99 for lunch , and $ 16.99 for dinner and weekends -excellent everything ! haha . my favorite would have to be the marinated kalbi ! oh my goodness ! my mouth is watering just thinking of grilling up some of their perfectly marinated kalbi xd", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a huge variety of super yummy marinated meats , soups and even a fast food style section for the less adventurous . as an ayce you bbq whatever you like at your own table .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "happy hour from 11pm - 3am for $ 11.99 is legit ! ! ! the selection they put out during this time is limited , but is still satisfying if you want a good , cheap korean bbq fix", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the advantage of living in las vegas is it a great numbers of buffets . i was at woo chae when it was first open with couples of friends . that time the restaurant has a great selection of side dishes as well as chinese foods . i would say the meats like bulgogi and marinated chicken are ok.not so delicious if compare to other ayce korean bbq in las vegas . my favourite from this restaurant is the sweet rice ( red purple rice ) . i did go back to try the food at woo chae again but the quality , flavour and selections are not the same . they are not as delicious as the first time i was there . so i would rate this restaurant a 3 stars not a five stars restaurants .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this place ! this place beats any of the korean yakiniku places in hawaii ! ! they even had samgyupsal ... .. all you can eat ! meat was fresh , good side dishes ( banchan ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many may think that mood is not at the cutting edge of the nightclub scene , but all the boo boys and trendies who slate it may not know that it is the venue that spectacularly relaunched the career of tv legend keith chegwin . back around 2004 , the genius cheggers made a personal appearance here , and it still goes down in edinburgh folklore as one of those `` where were you when ? '' moments . drinks were cheap , tunes were cheesy and a phoenix rose from the ashes once more . if you know what you 're signing up for , you might have a good time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're seeking quality in the music scene then sorry guys mood is not your party destination ! ! ! having recently relocated it self to the old ghq night club , mood has persistently devalued it 's reputation with the poor quality events it 's been putting up ... the venue at most looks like a lounge ; the sound systems are nothing special ; there 's no wow feature in the club , and among the nights i was there , the music was noting more than the stereotyped commercial chart songs ... in overall ; if your up for a stupid night out , with drunken , messy and potentially over-aged people , then yes do not hesitate to enter the club ! if not , trust me guys you have better options out there ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is another of my first year haunts which i look back on , and am literally haunted . as my uni was in the middle of nowhere and mood sponsored our sports team , there was a very convenient bus which picked us up from our halls , dropped us at mood then picked us up again at 3 am and took us home . the 'mood bus ' was a party in itself and saved on the \u00a315 cab fare . however there is a reason we were the only crowd that would be in this club . it is awful ! it 's cheap , but the drinks are horrendous . i remember arguing with the barmaid who told me the lemonade was fine even though it was clearly off . the music is as cheesy as it gets and it has a real sleaze factor to it . looking back , it reminds me of a school disco from the lack of decor to the very young customers . i honestly do n't know anyone who goes here apart from misguided freshers . best avoided i think !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here reluctantly when a friend of mine insisted that we 'branch out ' when it comes to going to clubs , which was a fair point , me and my friends did seem to be caught in a student bubble where we ended up going to the same old clubs on certain nights . instead of going to the trusty potterow on a saturday night , we agreed to come here and i ended up regretting it . it seemed pretty rough inside and there was a real range of people who come here- mostly under-aged drinkers or those whose clubbing days should have been left behind them a long time ago . the drinks were however pretty decently priced , which is good as drinking a lot is probably the only way to actually get a good night out of the place . i doubt i will be leaving the student bubble on a saturday night in the future .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hmm . mood is n't really my cuppa tea . it 's got cheap booze , cheesy tunes and sticky dancefloors , but does n't cut the mustard somehow and i 'm not sure why . it 's nice enough inside , but i think it might have been the crowd when i was in that sort of put me off . i 'm 23 , and i felt like a grandma . some of these kids were about 15 maximum which i always find quite scary in a nightclub , especially when i know what can happen . check some id bouncers ! on that note , the bouncers could n't have been more moody , which is apt , and that made me a bit uncomfortable as well . a fight broke out , albeit a small one , and it took 4 punters to pull them apart and 10 minutes for the bouncers to show up . it certainly made me feel un-safe . maybe you have to be a certain person to enjoy it , but i really was not feeling it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mood is keeping me awake many nights ! i am sadly the only member of my flat whose room faces the lovely by day ( and extremely annoying by night ) union street which is just adjacent to leith walk . walk past here any friday or saturday night after midnight , and you will marvel at the debacle that is the british party animal . i still have n't adjusted to the odd , albeit amusing , behaviour , and girls ' dressing which is quite oblivious to the weather ! i feel like reminding them , that we are in edinburgh , it is past midnight and a handkerchief paired with stilettos is just as unhealthy as it is distasteful . rant over . the club itself has some live music nights from time to time , and the music is pretty standard chart stuff . all i know is that it 's loud , but i ca n't exactly walk over in my pj 's and ask they crank it down a little .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mood is a scary place and has filled the hole that revolution 's ( lothian rd ) closure created . if you 're forced along , do n't look anyone in the eye and do n't hang about outside after - it 's carnage , though the 3-4 police vans outside usually clear the mess pretty quick ! certainly not for visitors to the city . ess", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there seems to be a strange emergence in edinburgh of yellow women i thought it was likely cheap spray tan , jaundice or something in the water at first but no something stranger . closer study revealed they seem to be made of mostly hair and eye lashes . anyway you can see the yellow women gather here at mood on weekends it seems to be a place they like to go at this time . no serious lover of anthropology would give mood a miss .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mood is a nightclub situated right next to the lloyds pub in the omni centre . it is a popular venue but can get a slighty dodgy crowd there at weekends . i went with friends last year on a saturday night . there are plenty of bouncers around but there was still a slightly menacing atmosphere , with a very young crowd in there . we felt quite old by comparison ( we 're late 20s ! ) . the bar is well laid out with a large dancer floor and upper levels where you could look down on the dance floor , and they had a few reasonable drink offers . still , i 'll not be back any time soon . definitely one for 18-22s age group .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well im from edinburgh and this place is a shit holl , what more can i say the staff are good not bad priced drink , also the woman and men that go to the place are animals they are out for a fight . i banged in to 1 anaimal by sheer mistake and all i got scremed at me was you ginger bitch lol i just replayed shut up you telly tubby laughed and walked away do not go to this place as you will probs get attacked for not a thing ! ! ! ! ! warning", "score": "1"}
{"review": "written from the dentist chair while i 'm waiting to get numb ... far greater experience that my prior dentist in charlotte . the music alone makes it worth the trip -- dawes , avett bros , etc . seems like i 'm in my living room instead of some stuffy medical building .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been patients of dr. rorison 's for a few years now . this new location is much brighter and more updated than the old location near cotswold . we enjoy the casual nature of the staff and look forward to our visits so that we can catch up with everyone . making appointments is a breeze and the office staff is on the ball if you or they need to reschedule . dr. rorison and her dental assistants are great . this is the first and only dental office i 've ever walked out of without chapped lips and beaten up gums from a cleaning . i had to get a filling done a while back and it was done quickly but efficiently . in , out , on with my day . if you want a good dentist and do n't mind a social atmosphere or a feeling of family from the staff , i highly recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so thankful for this referral ! i 've never liked going to the dentist & they made it so easy ! they get you in & timely too ! they do n't oversell & make me wonder if i need a second opinion . the hygienist were friendly and help you feel comfortable . dr rorison was great ! i needed 1 filling and she has small hands , was gentle , caring , & just made it easy . they were n't stuffy & the staff & other patients seem to enjoy being there ! great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i switched to the dentist a year and a half ago and absoutley love this office . i never wait for my appointment , love the open air feel of the office space , nice outside view . everything in the office is updated and new , the staff from the front desk to dental assistant are super friendly ... the dentist herself is really nice and takes her time when she sees you . i now have my bf going here and he raved about it after his first visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whattttt j'\u00e9tais s\u00fbre d'avoir fait un avis sur cette p\u00e2tisserie . comme plusieurs le savent ... je n'aime pas trop les trucs sucr\u00e9s ... mais la p\u00e2tisserie fait des trucs incroyablement bon . ce que je pr\u00e9f\u00e8re c'est leur fameuse cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e qui est servi dans un plat style terre cuite qu'on peut garder chez soi ... .yeah ! ils ont beaucoup de petits g\u00e2teau diff\u00e9rent ... attention ... une \u00e9toile de moins car le service peut \u00eatre un petit peu lent ... et souvent il manque certains trucs ... car trop populaire ... bref , allez-y ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walking into the bakery you are overwhelmed with the amount of baked goods displayed . they have a variety of goodies for your sweet tooth like cookies , italian and french pastries , cakes , breads and croissants . they also have charcuterie on sale for your deli needs . i walked out of there with a few tortiere ( meat pie ) they 're made in house and there delicious , the shell is light and flaky and the filling is delicious and not over powering . i 'm looking forward to my next visit very soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super p\u00e2tisserie fran\u00e7aise familiale , plein de choix et service courtois . les desserts , on voudrait tous les essayer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a nice lunch with friends.salads and panini sandwiches were very good.nice atmosphere and service was good.nice place to meet with friends to grab a bite to eat and have a couple of cocktails.will give pizza a shot next time around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here on 5 occasions . every time the wait staff were incredibly slow.i like the bruschetta , but it is overpriced . i would be more likely to come back ( frequently ) if the waitstaff were better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great pizza , nice relaxed environment . loved that the kids could hang out and play games while we waited for pizza . pizza blanca and the brooklyn favorite pizzas were our picks for the night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first visit here after using the other pizza place in estrella for a few years . first the positive . the margarita panini was decent . the chips that came with it were rubbery and old , very chewy like a doggie treat in a bag , threw them out . the entire pizza had maybe 1 teaspoon of tomato sauce on the whole pie . it was just cheese and crust , too dry . if i want cheese and crackers i can get that elsewhere . the crust was decent compared to most but overall the pizza as created was lousy . i ca n't tell if the kid behind the register was beavis or butthead but wow good help is hard to find . i guess you have figured out i wo n't be going back and will return to the other pizza place by the gas station .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pizza is awesome and wait staff is fantastic . welcome addition to the estrella mountain neighborhood . the owner is extremely involved and responsive to the community . definitely will support this local business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. brotsky is amazing ! ! i first met dr. brotsky in 2013 when she was n't my ob but delivered my son out of necessity with an emergency c-section . her bedside manor was impeccable . she kept me calm and reassured in the most panicked moment of my life , she became my dr. of choice . she also delivered my daughter in 2016 . i am so excited for her and the new staff at pinnacle women 's center . today was my first appointment with the new practice and i could n't be more impressed ! the new office is beautiful and the staff were super friendly ! my appointment was scheduled for 8:45 . i arrived a tad early knowing there would be new paperwork , but i was walking out in less than an hour . no one likes going to the doctor , but it makes it a whole lot easier when it feels like you 're catching up with an old friend ! congratulations and continued success .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a miscarriage waited over a month to be seen and literally as soon as i got there they cancelled on me . i 've been stressed out over a month and have been having complications and really needed to have this appointment . i do n't understand because first impressions are a huge thing especially if this doctors office just opened ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no one likes going to the doctor , especially your `` woman '' doctor . but here , you are put at ease , everyone is very friendly , and the doctors are fantastic . i never feel rushed out . they really listen to your concerns and explain things thoroughly but they never talk down to you . dr. branaman is one of the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it kills me this location is closed . if you read my reviews , you 're starting to get a sense of the way i drive home from the clusters of businesses i review . if i win megabucks , i 'm reopening a franchise here to compete with the completed for months , but wo n't open donut establishment across the street from what was once the red room .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have my all time favorite donut , but it 's frosting is slacking ... french cruller with hot pink icing ... always been my fav . it was still wonderful and delicious . we also bought rasp filled , plain glazed , cake donut with rainbow sprinkles , chocolate cake with nuts , and apple filled . they were all pretty good , but it just seems nowadays as opposed to ten years ago , the donuts taste more ... fatty or lardy now . they seemed better built back then . krispy kreme will always be my fav , but nobody but winchell 's has my french cruller with pink icing ! as far as the location goes , my lady behind the counter was just a sweetheart , and fyi ; this store shares a space with a sandwich shop , and drivethru only services the sandwich shop !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the greatest donut places of all times it is epic and the donuts are to die for actually i would n't mind making someone else check out if it meant being able to eat there donut", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not many options around town , so this wins by default . the folks were helpful in making recommendations and did n't steer me to the most expensive equipment just to make money . they helped me find good values on end of season merchandise and were helpful with fitting my skates . i 'm not sure exactly how prices compare to what you might get online , but the convenience is certainly a plus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "traveled to pittsburgh for my son 's spring break -- we do n't live in hockey territory . we called ahead and then , looked up perani 's when we got to town . we spent the afternoon with carla -- she fitted my son with street hockey and ice hockey skates ! ! ! she was amazing ! ! so very good to spent time with my son and our entire family -- to offer choice and to educate . carla was truly over-the-top helpful and a true credit to the perani organization ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perani 's has great customer service on a personal level . they listen to what you saying , apply their own personal experience with playing hockey and with the products they sell to give you good advice . i simply trust these guys way more than any other hockey store . they 're awesome . they also sharpen skates reliably and consistently - every time ! other places , in my experience , simply do not have the consistency . why not 5 stars ? well , there 's no restroom for customer use .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sehr guter service ! essen lecker g\u00fcnstige preise , p\u00fcnktliche lieferung und sehr nettes personal ! nur zu empfehlen", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicht nur spitzen partyservice sondern auch der metzger meines vertrauens", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren sehr zufrieden . unsere hochzeit im marmorsaal war perfekt organisiert . feldwieser-sinn hat super personal , die uns jeden wunsch erf\u00fcllt haben . das buffet war toll angerichtet und war sehr lecker . das ist ein partyservice den man sehr empfehlen kann !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible ! i ordered a simple pasta salad with a side of sweet potato fries . pasta was hard with one coin slice of bagged frozen carrot and one small piece of bagged frozen broccoli . sweet potatoes were soggy and covered in grease . gross . it was so bad that when they took my plate and offered me a free meal coupon , i declined a free meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is really not that healthy . i 've ordered my meals here once before and it has a high content of sodium . i 've also came here once for lunch . overall it 's not that great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was mediocre for the price you have to pay . they do n't have a soda water machine , so when asking for water they said you have to buy a water bottle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so today my sister and i got done working out at 24 hour fitness and she talked me into trying muscle maker grille . first when we walked in we were greeted kindly and they were very helpful second the place was very clean . we chose our meals and they even gave us a free meal if we liked their fb page we ate and it was perfect portions and good food . they checked on us to make sure we did n't want anything else . my sister wanted a tshirt and inquired how much they were and they gave us 2 shirts for free ! i have to say that it was a very pleasant experience and will go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it took over 20 minutes to get my food . people who arrived after me got their food first . i ordered the tilapia wrap and pasta salad . the pasta was n't cooked enough and tasted like it just had cheap italian dressing on it . the tilapia in the wrap tasted fishy and the guacamole did not taste like it was made fresh . will not come here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i moved to the area late 2015 and been coming here since . i honestly do not understand the bad reviews . if you pay attention all the bad reviews are from people that have become accustomed everything that your body grazes but does n't need . bland taste ? ! wrong ! ! ! the food here is very flavorful . society today is just used to over seasoning their food . okay , enough of the rant . bottom line ... .. my family and myself absolutely love this place . we frequent it 2-3 times a week for a post workout meal . i see them make meal plans for people all the time ! ! ! there is no other place to eat healthy and with top notch customer service to boot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the godfather , the chicken tasted precooked and reheated . super dry , i think if i would of chewed on the table it would be less tougher . the broccoli had that frozen taste yuck ! ! my husband had the rocky balboa . it was bland and looked like it came out of a can of alpo ... waste of money ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only a 3 . the amount of hot guys that come in here is interesting . it 's trying to be healthy and the food but it stopped at point . it 's not organic or toxin and hormone free . no vegan options or tofu meat . the vegie part of the menu was a salad and a wrap . with lettuce . i am not against smoothies and animal protein type meals but it 's bringing in the men ! ladies come on and look and have a boring but fresh lettuce salad . you can live on eye xansy and a smoothie .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty good food and a cool staff , just smile a little more and the rating would be better . customer service matters ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is freakin awesome . everything is cooked fresh to order and the food is delicious . everyone info is super healthy and all of the nutrition info is right on the menu . all of the staff or super friendly and i even brought my kids loved it as well . we come here multiple times a week now . i 'm so glad they opened finally !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit and the food was excellent ! the food is low calorie but taste great . they also make great smoothies . i would highly recommended them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here all the time . super easy to track macros and the meal plans are great and cheap ! if you are over cooking every night but want something healthy this is for you ! love the rocky balboa , xxl , and pocahontas . ca n't go wrong with those !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what happened here as of late but they need to start washing their dishes . about 2 weeks ago my wife and i stopped by for lunch and i noticed that our dishes were dirty , my wife didnt want to make a scene and went up to the shift manager in charge at the time and let her know that both our dishes were dirty . the young lady in charge inspected the dishes herself and apologized to us and served us another meal in clean plates . well two weeks later i convince my wife to give them another shot since i love their menu and they let us down again by serving us dirty dishes . it almost seems like the dishes were only wiped down with a cleaning cloth and no actual person or machine is cleaning these dishes . again , i am not a person that over exaggerates just wanted to review and hope they get this fixed ... @ brian thursday 5 7 lunch hour 12-1pm thank you sir and i do intended to return . you guys have some good dishes", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm updating my review because the new owners contacted me to correct past issues . i am no longer stationed in vegas so while i appreciate their effort , it really does n't do a whole lot for me . although , hopefully the new owners do better than the previous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little place for a quick lunch under 10 bux that 's super light & healthy . friendly & efficient staff , fresh ingredients , inviting atmosphere . got the european wrap with cucumber salad side which was fresh ( you know how cucumber can get.. ) and lightly seasoned they also have delicious-looking protein brownies & cookies available for purchase for about $ 3 each - somewhat pricey in my opinion", "score": "4"}
{"review": "open again with new management . went for lunch . got the mmg wrap , very tasty and fresh . fast , friendly service . healty food , fast is a big plus for me . this will be my new healthy lunch spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kind of disappointed . the concept is great to make healthy meals intended for a person going to the gym . i felt like it was overly staffed with girls who just stood around and talked to each other . i ordered a lean ground turkey burrito . it was cold . felt like the meat was something i could have got frozen at costco . taste was bland . i was excited to go my first time . just was n't overly fond of the lack in taste of food and girls who were there pointlessly . they were prolly intended to be eye candy but did n't work out at all . does n't help the cooks were out of shape either . i do n't real judge too much . it 's rare i feel this strong . but feel like it 's a great concept but have some improvements it could use .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food is great and the staff is extremely friendly ! clarissa makes sure that the food is always perfect and that all expectations are met ! i will definitely continue to eat here several times a week ! my favorite wraps are the rocky balboa wrap or the bbq wrap with steak . i always ask for a side of sweet potato fries . i 've never been disappointed ! another favorite is the xxl turkey burger wrap !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super hungry after having a night off and sleeping for 12 hrs ... my husband and i ordered thru eat24 for lunch as we were still in our jammys at noon on a tuesday afternoon . he liked the bbq chicken wrap he got even though it was just that - chicken and bbq sauce . but the western potatoes he got were wayyy spicy , even for me and i love habaneros ! i got the chicken sandwich - chicken was a little dry but still was good . a huge sandwich for me , i cut it in half . and i got mixed veggies for my side which i loved . we also ordered 2 fruit smoothies juices ( strawberry & four berry ) which were watery and sweet and reminded me more of flat shasta . we put them in the freezer and forgot about them so they froze . but they were even better this way as they turned into delicious granitas ! ! still , i would ordered from here again . it is a bit pricey ... $ 40 lunch for 2", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome because of the new management ! the rocky balboa wrap is amazing ! ! ! ! ! along with the godfather ! ! ! ! the yee-haa wrap ! ! ! ! ooh those western potatoes are to die for ! ! ! ! customer service is amazing ! ! ! lots of smiles and laughter ! ! ! ! i like how awesome the place looks and the meal plans are so worth everyone 's time if you do n't have time to make your meal plans ! ! ! seriously , spread the word about this place because it is so worth it ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good service and really good food . i have been there twice and you can tell the staff takes pride in being friendly and meal presentation . i tried the turkey chili entree last time and it was really clean and tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location for a quick post workout meal.. my favorite is the arizona bowl . prices are reasonable and good very tasty ! staff is very nice and i love the microwaveable containers for left overs ! makes it easy to pop in microwave and reheat unlike most restaurant styrofoam . a definite recommend . hoping they eventually bring one closer to the north.. i-215 decatur !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i appreciate seeing new healthy options in my city . it 's just sad to see that they are n't all great as they seem to be . a healthier approach should be tasty ! i ordered the mexicana which tasted like canned salsa on top ; sweet potato fries which tasted like they were microwaved after being frozen ( $ 3.99 ) ; and a side of guac $ 1.99 for 2 oz it got me by from hunger but i would not be coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is delicious . i always get the cajun chicken pasta and i love it . service is great . overall awesome place . to those who complain about not having a water fountain , just ask for a cup of water and they will provide it . a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and the staff was very friendly ! so many things on the menu looked good we had a hard time making a selection but we finally did ! i had the cajun chicken and penne and my friend had the cheeseburger salad . both meals were freshly prepared and delicious ! our bill was $ 23.00 and that included a diet coke . staff was great ! food was awesome and we did n't mess up our diets ! even better ... glad i live nearby ! highly recommend you give them a try", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , food is tasty and staff is friendly . the restaurant was recently remodeled and the new owners are awesome ! it 's nice to go out to eat and not feel guilty about your calorie intake . i had the godfather and it was delicious . give this place a try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never been to this place but decided i 'd try it . i walk into this awful excuse for a food place at 9pm . the sign says they close at 10pm and they even have the freakin ' `` open '' sign flashing . the cashier says , `` we 're not making food any more but you can take a menu and come back . yeah right , are you kidding me ! wo n't ever return ! get some customer service , wo n't be open to long , can guarantee that !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ... . the staff is awesome and the food is outstanding . i love this place they always make you feel like home and make their customers feel appreciated . i recommend this place to everyone if you 're looking for a great atmosphere with great healthy food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant . friendly staff , good food and lots of choices . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place for high protein food that 's on the healthier side . delivery is quick and the containers entrees come in are sealable and microwavable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was great ! i really liked the flatbread . i would 've posted a picture of it , but it was so delicious and i could n't stop eating it ! whole wheat bread , low fat cheese , natural ( large pieces of ) chicken . the owners were so friendly . i am so glad that a place like this is near my house . the owners were friendly . definitely recommend it if you are looking for something wholesome and tasty : ) sent my athlete brother and health conscious mom and they totally agree that this place is a+ !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "several times i 've placed orders over the phone for pickup only to get there to find my order was never made and had to wait an additional 15 minutes . on the plus side , the food is great and the employees are friendly . i would have given five stars if it were n't for the frequent problems i 've had when ordering over the phone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious , wish there we 're more places like this that have healthy , clean food , and dont over charge you . highly recommend the fajita wrap , couldnt believe it was a healthy and low calorie , tasted amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a terribly picky eater and love healthier foods . i usually have to ask restaurants to refrain from putting a plethora of ingredients in my food simply because i do n't like the taste , but i actually have n't had to do that for the muscle maker grill . their food has n't disappointed me and their smoothies are amazing . the atmosphere is also friendly and casual .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best place to eat a delicious meal , smoothie or and dessert for a reasonable price and portion amount . i just recently started working out and it 's been so hard to find good and healthy places to eat out at . they also offer meal plans which i want to give a try ! btw , their take out boxes are actually boxes that you can reuse ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! i was so excited they opened up so i could get a healthy lunch on the days i run out of my meal prep food ! my best friend and i make it weekly lunch after our workout and no guilt ! all the food is absolutely amazing , healthy , cooked in front of you and the staff and so nice . if i wan na know exactly how many calories or protein in a certain item everything is online as well , which makes it so much easier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok food , bad service on multiple occasions . it 's a good place to stop if you 're looking for a healthy wrap . i like the rocky balboa and the western potatoes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all i was craving was spinach and so i had just that and the turkey meatball side . portion sizes were just right for me and everything tasted fine . i am going to try a wrap next time when i have more time to explore the menu . as a side note i could 've gone without the loud high school chatter behind the counter . next time i will order ahead and eat my lunch at the park .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "noticed this place last week and thought i 'd give it a shot today . i have to say i definitely love this place - right up my alley ! everyone was so friendly and was greeted with a smile . very helpful ! i got the chicken stir fry which was fantastic - fresh ingredients and clean . i ca n't wait to try the other yummy foods . this will definitely be my go to spot . i ca n't wait to try the meal plans .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really loved my ahi and avocado salad here . price was not listed and did n't get a recipe . the girl was super nice and personable and i told her it was my first time here and she helped me cruise the menu . ordered 4 things plus the sweet potato sticks for $ 3.99 which i 'm not impressed by . i think i like the unhealthy dee fried ones better at restaurants . also got the power bowl and it was served over broccoli and chicken was slightly dry but good flavor . the cesar wrap and the santa fe wrap were tasty but the cucumber side was a little too bitter . decent prices here and fresh clean food , i will come back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been wanting to try this place for a while and finally went . fist impression was i noticed the cooking line area was cluttered a didnt look clean . the cooks were wearing gloves but unfortunately wiping sweat from their foreheads and continuing to cook and handle food . i ordered the mmg signature wrap which didnt taste bad but had a horrible smell to it , not sure if it was cheese or sauce or smells mixing with the side broccolli . the worst part about the experience is i have spent the last hour with repeated visits to the toilet after eating ( sorry to be graphic ) . the peach pear smoothie was pretty tasty . i unfortunately will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hope they have a lot of money ! probably been here at least thirty times and it has been pretty consistent . called in to pick up two `` tucsons '' and was told forty minutes . no training at all for this guy on the phone . picked up after he called back and said that forty minutes was for delivery . both meals were cold and skimpy on the secret sauce . always has been good and i can see quality and service slipping . hate to see this restaurant fail ! get it together guys ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 2 25 16 looks like the doors are locked , nothing on the doors , no answer on the phone . another one bites the dust !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a chicken wrap and was delicious with a lot of flavor . their menu looks appetizing and would go back to try more items . a worker named christina was very nice and helpful . thxs : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's good . i 've gone here twice with half a year between visits . went for lunch both times . it 's more of a lunch than dinner place to me . decent wraps , salads , and other protein vegetable combo plates that taste pretty good considering the spices or dressings that may be used . you 'll probably pay between 8 and 10 dollars per item dish . worth trying if in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am new to mmg , and the trifold menus do n't give the food much in the way of inspiration . i tried the chili and it was simple and ok , too much rice and carbohydrates for my taste and nothing really enthusiastic about it . i 'm giving 5 star to my smoothie ! i 'm not sure if sugar content or calories because it 's not specified enough on the board . my 3berries smoothie w added protein tasted excellent and very sweet . a little too good for what claimed to be between 200-400 calories . it was great , my only desire would be vegetable protein as an option , acai as a fruit and revamping the entire menu something like skinnyfats in my opinion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "priced a little high compared to grilling your own chicken breast and eating brown rice and veggies , but nevertheless , they 've got some awesome options and really tasty eats !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "umim so who would n't want to eat at a place called muscle maker after the gym . one star just for being in the same lot as 24 hr fitness .the foods good . i 've had cajun pasta and tex mex wrap . my first trip the staff was super friendly , today they were kind of chill", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what happened here ? i went to this place maybe five times and my last visit the portions were way smaller . the food here is good but apparently they cut their portions . i ordered three wraps and all three of us were left hungry . thanks for responding , i went to your restaurant on monday april 20th . i ordered 2 balboas and a santa fe chicken wrap . i placed the order over the phone and the cashier seemed new or just confused . the main issue i had was the wraps , now in a smaller container were n't nearly as big . all three of us felt the same and were left somewhat disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just ordered food from here.. had it delivered.. customer service over the phone was excellent.. i 'm guessing jasmine was the one to deliver.. did n't get a hello and did n't hand me the bag just left it on the counter.. gave her a nice tip for driving not even half mile from her job.. needs to add a smile with her appearance.. had the rocky balboa wrap w broccoli it was good.. recommend it to anyone first time visit !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the mardi gras cajun chicken salad , was n't any good . kinda weird dressing , not very cajun about it . nice people tho", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is tasty , burger is awesome looking at the menu makes you plan for what your going to try next", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy food for the price ! try the savory spinach . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place to go if you 're trying to eat healthy or when going after the gym ! no complains on the service , the cashier was kind enough to show us the nutrition information they have on their website . it would be nicer if they had it displayed inside when ordering instead of looking for it in the internet . ( since i count my calories ) i got el mexicana , huge portion for 10 $ . it was pretty `` healthy good '' , i would go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have recently been guided by my loving wife to a healthier eating lifestyle . it 's been difficult because most of the time it tastes like dirt . today i have been converted . i had this amazing meal that has me so converted that i decided to try out a weeks worth of meal preps . being on the run my normal lunches consist of fast food and snacks . i think this may be a great solution to my issue of eating something actually good for me rather than something to just fill my gut . if you want something awesome , try out the ahi and avocado salad . it was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not impressed . very fast delivery , but my food was cold ( they do n't use an insulated bag ) . the portion size was terrible for the cost . got side salad - about 4 pieces of lettuce . flatbread was the size of an appetizer , not a main dish . vegetable medley was over cooked and soggy . high delivery fee . they make you spend $ 20 witch is not that hard at the prices . will not order again . wish i had my $ 34 back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "definitely will come back my daughter ordered the santa fe wrap and i ordered the caesar wrap ... . delicious ! ! ! ! ! ! ! service was awesome thank you will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! i 'm here often good season u really will enjoy there meal plan it 's good prices and reasonable good astonishing . will be great downtown and i think all fitness places and person trainner should send there clients to muscle maker", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love finding healthy places to eat . this place appears to have excellent food and options . it is a little pricy though . i did get the char broiled chicken strips for under 6 bucks . it 's 4 of of chicken stripped with a choice of dipping sauce . good source of lean protein . ill be back for the many other choices when im reading to spend 10 bucks for a salad", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really enjoyed my experience at this location . went for a quick bite because i was in the neighborhood for work . apparently they have new management , but all i know is the people i encountered were super friendly and helpful . i have issues making menu selections when a lot of things sound good so having a good staff with helpful suggestions is a game-changer for me ended up with the rocky wrap and my buddy got the mexicana bowl . my wrap was awesome , totally order it again , perfect size for me . i was n't too full and did n't need anything else my buddy said his bowl was pretty stellar as well , it looked really good for the short amount of time i saw it before he inhaled it . definitely check this place if you 're in the area . one of their meal plans may be in my future too five stars all the way", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried to order for pick up but waited on hold for almost 10 minutes . was able to drive here faster than someone helping on the phone . so far it 's been 20 minutes since they rang me up and they have no reason why they have served people after me their food first . guess they 'll start cooking it now . food came in another 4 minutes..so 24 minutes total . burger was pretty good . sweet potato fries and pasta vodka with chicken were n't .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first impression : tasty , quality , good value , i recommend it . i plan to visit regularly assuming i find consistency . i had the tex mex fajita wrap and the cajun chicken and penne ; both were delicious . the sauce in the chicken penne dish was robust and the pasta was perfectly cooked . the fajita wrap had a surprising amount of flavor , was well proportioned , and seemed to be carefully , securely constructed . both dishes had an almost homemade good restaurant taste and quality that makes me believe the ingredients and cooking methods are legit . my side of broccoli looked fresh , clean and was properly cooked , which are simple and easy things , i know , but quite uncommon and therefore commendable ( i 'm looking at you a few doors over tm , smh ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on april 30 , i ordered from this place through uber eats . i was really looking forward to the grass-fed burger and i figured for $ 12.00 it would be amazing . my daughter ordered the steak ceasar , and again at $ 13.00 i was expecting a large amount of romaine . when the uber driver arrived with a tiny brown paper bag , i was shocked . my daughter 's salad was so small , and my burger was cooked so well done that it was crispy on the outside and dry on the inside . i will never order from this place again . for $ 30.00 , my daughter and i could have ordered the same meal just about anywhere and had enough food to be satisfied . big waste of my money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to muscle maker grill today for the first time but i would say it was so-so . i got the turkey taco which was pretty good . a little overpriced but i would order again . my husband got the spicy veggie wrap which was a no go . it was basically rice and some frozen veggies . for the price they should be giving fresh food . he 's not a picky eater but definitely was disappointed . he also got the soup of the day which was tomato bisque . tasted more like canned campbells soup . i ordered a side of edamame which was $ 4.50 for a really small bowl . it cost us $ 27.00 for the two of us . we might give it another try but will not be ordering any more wraps , soups , or edamame . greens and proteins has better food for the price", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good , quality food with muscle building tech built in . a good place to go after a workout at 24 hour fitness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for my first time today and ordered the mmg signature wrap with sweet potato sticks . it was okay . the sweet potato sticks you have to eat right away as they got soggy on the drive home . the wrap was average , but i had to pick out the pieces of `` turkey bacon '' as it did n't seem cooked at all . 3 stars because the place seemed clean and the staff was nice . would n't drive out of my way to make a trip here again though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place sucks . ive bought it for my boyfriend once and he said it was alright . ive tried to go back twice now to try it for myself . the website as well as the stickers on the door says they are open from 10am -10pm monday through sunday . i tried to have it delivered on a sunday in around 6 pm . i figured they were busy because they didnt answer the phone so i drove down there . only to see that they were closed . during business hours they were close ! ! no note on the door or anything . today i tried to go again . i went in and attempted to order the premium burger . the man walks to the grill and turns around and says `` were out of burgers , we dont have anymore defrosted '' -_______________- i give up on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has made great improvements ! ! ! when i first started stopping by this place , the staff seemed to be very young and immature . i had a hard time getting my order right . it seemed that the staff did n't take their jobs seriously . with the mediocre service and bland food , i stopped going to this restaurant . the other day i was running late for an appointment and wanted something quick and healthy . to my surprise , there was a totally different staff . the service was much better and my food order was quickly made and given to me . if they can continue better service as this , i will be more than happy to frequent this establishment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere , friendly people , good food . tried the sante fe wrap and the rocky balboa rap both were really good . got a peanut butter and banana protein shake which was delicious . will give 5 star when i get a chance to try a few of there other menu options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la gare is this gorgeous collaborative workspace . i went once for a job interview and it felt like i was in a startup office . i had the chance to go again for the yackathon , it was still beautiful and open . i do n't really know why i would go if it was n't for events or meetings though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hackaton second day . a variety of people from recruiters to lookers for jobs & all kind of curious people attended the event . you could feel a positive vibe & the friendliness of yelpers & none -yelpers mingling & navigating from one to another . very useful networking events especially for the developers , engineers & people seeking jobs in technology . thank you to the yelp team who came all the way from san fran , thanks to risa for organizing this event as well . an overall great opportunity to meet all the peeps", "score": "4"}
{"review": "interesting space . i could see this being an absolute godsend for a small tech startup , though i 'm not sure what their membership prices are like . nice large space , lots of light . i could see the fluorescent light being a bit taxing if you did all your work here , and the lack of any sound proofing in the main room means that the space gets very loud when you throw a lot of people in there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "espaces de co-travail assez bien am\u00e9nag\u00e9s organis\u00e9s , et il y a quand m\u00eame beaucoup de place ! j'y suis all\u00e9e durant le yackhaton et c'\u00e9tait vraiment cool !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went there on a rainy tuesday to attend a conference . the location is a little far from the metro , you have to walk at least 8 minutes to get there . the parking is n't available on the steet . once i got there , i was greeted with a cool vibe . there is a space where a class offered on web developper . the place also has a bar , plenty of seats and tables available ( in the form of sofas or chairs ) and there is a private working space with a chair and table that is covered in glasses . it is a pretty neat place to hang out . the location is n't the most ideal but it is perfect for a small intimate conference . overall , it is definitely a place where people can work on their cool project .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the chest , heart and stroke scotland charity shop in portobello is certainly one of the larger shops in the high street . it is quite long and is full of stock . from the outside , the shop seems quite dated but when you wonder in a lot of their stock whether its clothes , books , children 's toys , or even cd 's are not that old . the shop really does have a great range of items for a charity shop , and when i was in it was quite busy with young and old trying to find a bargain . however , as already been mentioned in past reviews , this charity shop raises money for a very worthy cause . it is a charity which is not as well known as others , and certainly i had never really heard of it before . however , this shop seems to have a good flow of customers and recently people have started to turn to these kind of shops . most likely portobello 's most impressive charity shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chest , heart and stroke is quite a stretched out charity shop , and one of the largest in the area . it 's also supporting a charity which arguably does n't advertise its cause in the same way that well known associations shelter and barnardos do , so it 's good that buying something out of here gives you a chance to support the cause . last time i visited they had generous donations of good quality clothing , not to mention a lot of intruiging old children 's board games . they seem to get a lot of children 's goods donated to them as they had a good kid 's selection . portobello is n't well known for being the shopping epicentre of edinburgh - there 's not actually a great deal of choice in this region . the local charity shops give locals a different option , and this charity shop seems to have enough clothing to keep the teens in neighbouring areas happy . plus , it has to be said , it 's always an ethical choice when you buy items in a charity shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was never my choice of bank . they took over my bank years ago . now they 're saying other people ca n't make cash deposits to my account . what kind of bank does n't accept cash ? so i 'm out . wells fargo was very friendly when i opened my account with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice , brand new bank", "score": "5"}
{"review": "teller made a mistake and withdrew money from an account that was n't mine , now my account is negative over 800 bucks and all the personal banker had to say was maybe next time you 'll check your statements and receipts . your teller gets no penalties for the mistake he made yet i have 60 days to pay off my now negative balance because of your mistake ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sad news . chase no longer lets others put any amount of cash into another 's account . that means , my business partner ca n't deposit to my account , nor can i deposit $ 100 to my step-daughters account if she needs some money . this is a terrible policy . speaking with the manager , this comes from the top . there is no work-arounds . even with id , only the account holder may deposit cash to their account . terrible customer service from the top management , i have only compliments for the local branch manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this chase is stupid as hell now , when did it get renovated and remove all of the tellers and replace it with two stupidly large iphone-looking `` atms '' god forbid people have jobs . one star for the drive thru atm ( and because i ca n't give it zero )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place and lots of parking : d came to start a bank account at chase and a man named mark helped me . he was super nice and personal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , chase has gotten rid of most of their drive through and tellers and now forces you to use these atms on steroids . i have banked with chase since it was bank one and i was a teenager and i will be leaving in a few months . i have a business that needs a real bank . if you need a real bank with real people to help you , this is n't it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't bother to come in . i was banking here for 5 years and today i closed my safety deposit box . i waited for 45 minutes to get access to my box and decided it does n't worth it . they are saving $ $ $ by replacing employees with atm machines . it does not work ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've bank with chase bank for 5+ years already and i really enjoy using all chase atm 's . there are 2 drive-thru atm 's and 1 atm inside the branch . you will need to have your chase atm card in order to use the atm at the lobby after normal business hours . i like that idea which it will keep non-chase customers away from the bank .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . lydia reyes was very professional and helpful ! ! ! thanks ! i came in for checks and the process was fast , easy , and smooth . thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the salon at red rock for the first time . i 'm impressed . beautiful place and friendly staff . it was easy to get in for a haircut and color at the last minute . tracie did a beautiful job on my hair . love the color process , cut and curls . great selection of products . will return here in the future . a++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here for a hair cut recently . i must say it was the best haircut i got till date . tracie was my stylist , she was very nice , helped answer all the questions i had regarding my hair . i told her it was a special day for me and she made sure i looked my absolute best ! love the curls : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a local and will never go back . if i could give less stars i would . i am so unbelievably disappointed in this place after all the reviews i 've read . i 've never had anything done to my nails , and was trying it out for a nice treat for my wedding . after a week my acrylic nails literally came off . i had no tips , just on my natural nail . i called and was told they do n't not comp repairs because it has been too long ( they only do a week ) . that 's ridiculous as i spent over $ 250 for fingers and toes and was talked into these treatments because i was told it would last longer . regular nail polish lasts longer than this crap-i was played just so they could give them more money . they said i could come in for a full but charge me . i 'm sorry but the whole nail ( on all my nails ) are completely gone , not grown out . never again . lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love microblading ! i wake up and my eyebrows are good to go : ) i was really nervous at first , but shannon helped calm my nerves . the process involves very minimal pain because she puts numbing gel on you . i just did my 4 week touch up and my brows are much more defined . i love the fact that it is semi-permanent because if you want to change your brow shape after a year , you can ! overall , i 'm pleased and it is nice to not have to worry about sweating my eyebrows off at the gym ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could hit 10 stars i would ! ! just got my brows done by shannon and i could n't be happier ! it 's always something that 's bothered me about my face and now i have the most amazing brows ! the procedure was quick and mostly painless . with shannon being so professional and kind it put me at ease with how nervous i was , not for the pain but how they would turn out . now i feel amazing ! thank you again shannon for being so good at your job : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got my brows correction today by shannon . i had my brows tattoo since 2000 . 4 different artists . shannon is the best . she made them looks so natural . i did n't have to wait a long time to get an appointment . her price is very reasonable . ca n't wait to get my full lip done ! thank you shannon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shannon did an amazing job with my eyebrows . they look so real . she is very professional and does very detailed work . her prices are very good . i would definitely recommend her to any one looking to have permanent makeup done . thank you shannon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in my honest opinion , the one located in eaton centre near mcgill university ( nudo ) is much better than this one . i mean , this is supposed to be your main store , but how can it be so much worse than the one in eaton centre ? the pork ears i had were actually dry , meaning that they were prepared days before and was n't served and not properly stored either . the noodles are not hot when served , and they were to undercooked for a la mian ( ) . they were not `` al dente '' , they were undercooked ... my jaws went sore from the chewing i had to do to eat those `` noodles '' . the soup was just bland , and had nothing special in it . the service was not what i had in mind ; my water was never filled , and the waitress never came either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good noodles especially beef noodles ; abhorrent service on the other hand , but food is worth coming for", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my son and i first visited montreal , this restaurant is very good , next times we will to eat this noodles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap and super filling . hand pulled noodles are cooked to order and you get your food quickly . delicious , though if you go all you 're getting is noodles . so do n't expect anything else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since i first reviewed , they 've introduced other types of soups , including a vegetarian option , and you can now choose the type of noodles , ranging from fine round to large flat , with several options in-between . and they serve free tea .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not a religious person . but i love churches ! aside from a place of worship , there are also significance in the historical and architectural context . i visited st james ' a couple of time through the years since i took a few art and architecture courses at u of t. free for everyone and open 7 days a week , you can even download the self led guide from their website so you can have some background history and have some ideas what you are looking at or for . or you can just drop by when there are no services , just sitting inside enjoy the quietness of the space . on a sunny day , the stained glass windows for sure a sight to behold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on my way to st lawrence market , i stopped by this cathedral . from the outside , the cathedral is big and with a gothic architectural design . when you walk in , you are greeted with an absolutely gorgeous stained glass church . it 's open to the public . so go inside , take some pictures , and enjoy the good vibe . treat this place like a library . the tourists try to stay quiet as possible or speak in low voice . they do have services here on sunday morning . if you are not interested in attending the church service , i recommend going in the afternoon on sundays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend of mine lives right by this church and loves the sound of the bells ( they truly are beautiful ) . it 's a really cool place , whether you 're religious or not . the spire at its top is the tallest in canada and the church exhibits some of the largest amount of tiffany style stained glass i 've ever seen . impressive also is the cathedral 's organ , which contains nearly 5,000 pipes some going back as early as 1853 . it 's a really peaceful place to take a rest from a walk around the city or partake in a bit of toronto 's history ( bishop strachan , the first bishop of toronto , is buried in the crypt of the cathedral ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another stop on nuit blanche night ! this was n't a planned venue , but it gave us an opportunity to go inside the st. james ' cathedral . from the outside , it 's a classic church , just old school beautiful . it sits on a pretty big chunk of land , there 's a little small park with garden on the east side of the church . the inside is more stunningly beautiful than the outside.. if only all churches would look like this ! their pews look like they are straight out of a movie . each row has it 's own small flapping door , really cute . the seats are covered in red velvety material and are the softest church seats i 've ever sat in ! i could comfortably sleep here , which i do n't think was their purpose .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this church is so beautiful . the stained glass is breath taking . you have to attend a service there , the choir is so good . even better attend an evensong service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gorgeous church , feels very much like the old european cathedrals . family friends are members here and they gave us a small tour . loved the old pews with doors . did n't get to go to service , but imagine they would be amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are we talking about the same store ? we handed over $ 30,000 to kenny to buy silver and have not heard from him . we call and call but he wo n't answer and will not give us the silver or our money back . be very leery of this business . we are in the process of trying to find a way to get our money back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a family owned and operated business , very professional , very friendly , had an excellent experience here . they will evaluate your coins based on numismatic value versus value of the metals and pay you whichever is the higher price . their commission is 10 % which is very reasonable . i just relocated from california to nevada and had rare 8 coins tucked away for a rainy day . in my situation , the payout was based on the value of the metals ( one gold coin , the rest silver ) . the money i received from round em up coins paid sereral large bills that resulted from my move so needless to say i am one happy camper . if you are looking for a fair deal and people who know their stuff , look no further . my highest possible recommendation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been in once before and the pricing is decent . they are helpful , but the selection is lacking . also ... .i would expect that they would be open during posted hours . i have been by three times during business hours and they were closed . not even a vacation note .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by this place with some friends randomly while in vegas and had a wonderful and educational experience ! like they said on their yelp profile , they treat their customers the way they want to be treated , and it certainly shows . will be adding more to the review soon ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and have have attended numerous parishes in the valley . there are differences between each and we tested three . st anthony 's became our fit . the folks who make up `` our church '' are wonderful . we feel much more welcomed here and invited ( not pressured ) to join in . with the most recent blessing from the bishop to build a permanent home , st anthony 's is dropping anchor just a few blocks east of centennial high . how wonderful to be part of a parish looking for a home to a parish building a home . may the lord be with you and please join us at st anthony 's soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we moved from the mid-south . we tried every catholic church within a 30 min radius from summerlin , and were beginning to despair as we just did n't feel the spirit in any of the churches in vegas . luckily , we stumbled upon this church and by far , this is the best catholic church in the area , even if it is in a high school theater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes this is better than having mass at the high school . but ... .no infant crying room or class for my toddler to go to while i attend mass . so we sit in the foyer on two of the ... 9 seats ? ! ... available outside of the main hall . and while i can h-e-a-r the service , i ca n't hear it clearly , so i 'm just hear to listen to a muffled mass while my son asks for something to do he whole time smh took my son outside and realized at the end that i could hear the service clearly outside . but there are only 2 benches .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really hate to give a church a poor rating but this place has not given me anything positive . let me start off by giving you all a heads up since there was n't anything online , today 's easter masses are being held at the santa fe casino . a casino of all places to celebrate easter sunday ? that 's pretty sad . this church was closed down for a long time . you think they would 've built a bigger church to have room for the people . the other thing was when my mother passed away earlier this year , i never felt such coldness when we were at an all time low . the church told us we had to do things their way and could n't do it our way . it 's unfortunate since this church is close to my house but i 'll be going to another catholic church from now on since all i 've received is nothing but negativity and rudeness .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "looks nice ; loved the statues and general location ; just wished the church had traditional pews installed rather than chairs though . it does beat having mass in a high school auditorium though . : ) i guess it just takes time getting used to the new setup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only written one review of a business previously but felt i had to comment on the speed , accuracy , and timeliness of this company . my wife is a farmers insurance agent and cutting edge came highly recommended . my gauge in all service work is be where your supposed to be and do what you said you would do . 5 stars on both . the estimator was here at the appointed time as were the installers . the work was done far faster than the time i had anticipated and all done with a professional attitude . very pleased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guy are top notch ! we had just moved into the area and was trying to get our house set up . we wanted to put our mirror above the dresser set but the frame we wanted to use was smaller than the mirror . plus the mirror would have been way to big for our room so we decided to get it cut down to fit the frame . after looking around at a few reviews and different places i settled on a cutting edge glass & mirror . from the moment i walked in the door the staff was friendly and welcoming . i had a 36 '' x36 '' mirror that i wanted to get cut down to 21 '' x30 '' and they would do it for $ 20 . relatively inexpensive in my book ! the guys in the back were extremely knowledgable and quick . i was in and out the door in 10 mins ! ( jim and john i believe were the two guys names )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bj and jeff were fantastic ! extremely nice and quick service ! highly professional . i would recommend this company to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing work done in record speed . the mirrors completely transformed my studio space and bj and his team were an absolute pleasure to work with . highly recommend . these guys know what they are doing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received excellent service . i wanted a meshtec security door and a cutting edge glass was the only one in town that can custom make it for my size door . very professional serviceman came out and measured my door . it took a couple weeks to have my door custom made and they came out today and installed it ! now i can open my front door open allowing fresh air to come in and never have to worry about intruders come through the front door . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed glass shower doors installed bj knew exactly what was needed how to install them even in a not so square opening , jeff the installer did a awesome job ! ! highly recommended company ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a cutting edge glass & mirror install new glass windows in my garage . i 'm so glad i decided to go with them as i used high yelp reviews to chose them . kelly handled all my needs , was very informative and communicated throughout the whole process . installers eric , augie and john were on-time and did an amazing job with the install . they made sure the glass was inserted correctly , took their time to ensure the glass scratch or break and they even wiped down every piece of glass after the install to make sure their were not streaks or fingerprints . i highly recommend using them as you will not be disappointed ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is super easy to work with . i had them quote a glass overlay on an existing counter with a rounded contoured . they were on time for their appointment . the quoting process was straight forward . they offered tempered and non-tempered glass and glass of varying thicknesses . you can also choose the edge type . once the quote was approved , production was fast . the final product was delivered and installed . nothing bad to say about this fabulous company . the new glass makes our counter top look great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service ! they came out to measure and give us a quote for seamless glass shower doors and did the installation all within a week from the moment we called for an estimate . extremely fast service ! there was no waiting and every employee we interacted with was exceptionally friendly and polite . i will be using this company again in the near future ! thank you for your wonderful service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service ! ! i needed a piece of tempered glass for my sons fridge -- i was watching the house and broke it accidentally ! ! kelly got it for me in 2 days which was what i hade asked . she treated me like i 'd spent 1 million dollars -- real customer service ! ! thank-you kelly ! ! ! you 're the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful ! we got our seamless glass shower from here and 6 broken windows replaced as well . bj was helpful in giving recommends for other contractors as we were doing renovations on our entire home . omar did the installation the second time they came , and he was very friendly and helpful . their product is high quality and they did an excellent job ! thumbs up ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional and timely service . i highly recommended to have them repair the bathroom doors . they helped me replace my shower door silicon and the door frame since it were all rusty . they only took 30 min to replace . very efficient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was born and raised in las vegas and being raised in a family business , i have learned that service and quality work is important for the consumer . i find that this company has met all the requirements for my needed service for glass installation at my residence . in the past i have needed windows and shower doors installed and every time i have been pleased with there prompt and courteous service . i would use this company and not shop anywhere else . this is a clean honest company , thank you cutting edge for all you do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cutting edge glass has provided us with more than an excellent service . they were very upfront on pricing and advised us on our whole project . their job was not only done properly , but also in a very timely matter . the whole company staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and handled our project professionally and kindly with a personal commitment . we will most definitely choose them again for any glass work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have already written a review , about a year ago , and i used the cutting edge again and they deserve to be praised . not only a great job on 4 new windows but what great people . very confident workers who literally know everything about mirrors glass . frank is my personal favorite . like i 've said before , i have used other glass companies here in las vegas and there is no comparison . just call them first and you will see .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a cutting edge glass and mirror installed the glass for our master bathroom shower . they are professional and polite and the work is fantastic . thank you very much ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people have some nice yelp reviews . for us , i sent my wife in to get an estimate on putting some enclosures around our patio . well , the single lonely woman got the single lonely woman price . our estimate when it arrived was about $ 4000 . they did not itemize costs , or give a completion date or give us some alternatives . as a retired builder i just shrugged my shoulders and did the job myself . instead of the glass they recommended i bought some poly-carbonate ( indestructible , 300 times stronger than glass , 1 2 the weight of glass and a large number of colors and textures ) i installed it myself and saved $ 2500 with bullet proof plastic . as for cegm , do n't assume a woman is clueless , do n't offer only one quote hoping for the big kill , and do n't try to sell something that 's not the best option for a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! ! kelly , jessica and sheila do a wonderful job with customer service . they answered all of my questions , concerns and know the business well . when i buy i do n't just buy products i also buy great management and wonderful service ! i recommend this place to anyone for any glass or mirror needs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did an amazing job . glass feels perfectly and the cut was nice and precise . the lady at the front desk is super nice and helpfull . thank you guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys were great ! we recently remolded our master bathroom and are extremely happy with the work performed . i highly recommend this company for glass work . thanks dado and bj !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company rocks . they came out to give us a bid which was reasonable . they showed up for the work on time , replaced the window with care and cleaned up after themselves . great job and the price is right . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently had them install glass shower doors in our second bath . fantastic company ! great service ! turnaround was within a week for exactly what we wanted . we were offered a standard and custom quote , but the rep even advised us that the standard was going to work fine . installation was a breeze and great workmanship . strongly recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! ! came in with the idea that i would wait at least a day for a simple cut . they handled it right then ! ! ! definitely will come back for more work", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend a cutting edge glass . bj was able to fit me in for a estimate for a shower door that was convenient with my schedule . the framed shower door was removed and new one installed in a timely manner . no mess left behind . the frameless shower door adds a elegant look to the bathroom . the quality of the glass is great . bj and the two gentleman that did the installation were professional and friendly . thank you bj ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had 3 broken windows replaced on one of are properties . not only was the quality of there work amazing but the guys who installed were professional and courteous . i would recommend this company to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "frank and jaime did a great job . i recommend you call a cutting edge for you glass needs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very satisfactory job ... dado and the installers are great and professional . recommended to a friend . love my shower door !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone i had talked to on the phone to the guys at my house was so very nice . they did a outstanding job on my sliding glass door . you cant go wrong with cutting edge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a smashed sliding glass door , so in calling around , i found cutting edge to be the cheapest price & quickest turn around promise . upon arrival i was greeted by 2 friendly ladies then a helpful tech who took my door , happened to have my glass in stock so i was done in 20 minutes . then he loaded it in my truck & secured it with one of his ropes that i promised to return . i wo n't look anywhere else for my glass needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our company has used a cutting edge twice now . both times were great experiences ! friendly and knowledgeable staff , great quality and good prices . i would highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was faced with a mess and short on time , i placed a call and had everything fixed the same afternoon great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the shadiest company i have ever worked for . i had to quit after the way they handled an 80 year old lady . they lie to get in houses and stay there with other service providers . do not do business with these people and do yourself a favor if you 're thinking about working for them , get a job somewhere else . super shady company . if you have activated service with them i would call and cancel . complain to directv corp about their business practices . if you are a customer or somebody they are harassing to buy their services .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they knock on doors trying to sell services , despite having a no soliciting sign posted right next to our door bell . then they were rude when i asked them to go away because i did n't want to hear their speech .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sold for them last summer . they rarely have solicitor permits and do n't do background checks on employees . we had to move locations frequently after being contacted by the local police . they will ask for a $ 50 activation fee which directv will not . roll of the dice on who installs your satellite . some technicians are good , but we had guys who would show up in wife beaters and even skip out on appointments . one even fell through a ceiling . call center and most reps will hide or downplay price increases in the 2nd year of the contract and once you 've been activated now is out of the picture and directv is then in charge of any of their mistakes . there is honestly no reason not to call up directv and have it installed by the company itself . although i ca n't say i 'm all that impressed with them either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service ! staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and company as a whole is extremely easy to work with . i highly recommend them to anyone . a company that holds thier promises and has integrity is very hard to come across these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother and i were approached while having a private conversation on her porch . the young salesman stated that he was researching complaints on cable and dish tv services . we stated , rather brusquely , that we did not want to talk to him . he started walking away and stated he would just tell the company to shut off our cable . i then asked him for his name , william cole , and his superior 's name , paul little and phone number . it was a personal cell number with no voicemail . i asked him to reconfirmed the number . it was correct . i called back and paul picked up . i asked him if it was standard practice to threaten to shut off services . paul said yes . i asked him how do they justify that statement . paul hung up on me . now communications is being reported to the retirement park manager as a predatory sales organization .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one shady outfit . they actually forged my name on a contract . when i called about it , they denied doing it . even contacted direct tv and they were n't any help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a great experience getting directv through now communications . i love nfl sunday ticket and i was n't able to get that with dish network . the technician was super helpful and fast . he set up my blue ray , receiver , programmed all my remotes , taught me how to use the guide , and even helped me hang my big screen tv . the customer service seems good as well . i 'd recommend now communications to my friends . they took good care of me and that is hard to find these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was charged for a monthly warranty i knew nothing about . i noticed the charge on my charge statement and inquired about it . that is when i found out it was a warranty charge . i cancelled direct tv but was still being charged the warranty charge . when talking to someone at now communications they told me i was supposed to cancel that sooner . i was supposed to cancel a charge i did n't know anything about ? they are looking into the situation . if i could give them no stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my boyfriend and i 's go to place for italian near the plateau ! the atmosphere is always nice and cozy , and the food is always great . the caesar salad is a must , and the pasta dishes are offered in smaller portions , which girls usually really like ... i have been there many times and have never been disappointed : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was average . i mean not too bad . however , the staff is too rude to people . with their little or no english , they can not communicate with people . also , the tipping is always a problem in this city . what if i did not like the service ? finally , i would n't go to this restaurant again just because of the waitress ' weird attitudes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cozy , nicely fitted out italian restaurant in outremont . the menu features a long list of pasta options , and has a good selection of other italian staples like risotto and antipasti . the antipasto misto was especially noteable for a very tasty type of home-prepared pat\u00e9 . the cannelloni was straightforward , and quite good . the night i visited , the restaurant space was noisy , even though it was only half-full . however , service was friendly and unobtrusive . it is worth noting that many dishes are available in half-sized portions , and that the kitchen stays open until late . a good option for italian food in the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent repas ! tr\u00e8s bonnes p\u00e2tes ! ambiance tr\u00e8s bien et belle petite terrasse l'\u00e9t\u00e9 . allez-y , mais r\u00e9server d'abord !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great italian bistro they always have fresh dalit specials i also love the penne with duck confit . trusted go to place lovely in the summertime with their terrace", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice , charming place . it 's nice to sit inside or outside in the summer . food is always good here . the menu is simple , but you always get quality food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "\u00e0 midi.plein.cuisine moderne , d'inspiration italienne.possibilite de vin \u00e0 500ml.ambience sympa.personnel souriant , efficace , fidele ( plus de 14 ans ! ) on revient toujours ... prix moyen", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great restaurant near me , and i am sure it will be a part of the heavy rotation . house-made pasta at reasonable prices . the seafood pasta was excellent , the cannelloni was simple but good . i ca n't say i loved the dessert options , but the figue tarte tatin was very creative . good atmosphere , excellent service and reasonably priced -- came out to $ 80 for two including drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so last week i had tried les 9 muses , and right across from it is le petit italien , so i made a mental note to try this place . so tonight i came to try it . unfortunately , it did not meet my expectations , maybe my expectations were to high . let 's start with the pros : very nice and attentive staff romana salad was very good veal parmesan ( not including the pasta that accompanied it ) was very good , one of the best i have had . portions size is very generous price is reasonable cons : the restaurant is very outdated , my first impression was it looked cheap . pomodoro sauce was too thick ( more like a paste rather than a sauce ) and a bit sweet a lot of fruit flies everywhere the fruit de mare linguini dish with white wine sauce was tasteless . the seafood was kinda dry overall it was very average , i definitely had better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this italian restaurant is pretty good . i love their bolognese pasta . they give you a huuuuge bowl of it even if you get the petite size . they also have a mushroom pasta that 's pretty good . but otherwise , i personally ca n't find much on the menu that appeals to me . they do n't even have anything like alfredo or classic italian choices . it 's all very 'fine italian ' and a limited menu . the prices are n't bad though . i 'll come in here for a super quick bowl of that bolognese sauce every time though . 2 minutes after ordering it lands on my table sometimes before the bread ever gets there . service is therefore pretty good . for desert i 've tried their pancotta with pepper . that was really strong pepper . that 's like a really italian fish that i 'm not sure most people will like . the huge pepper kernels threw me off at the end of that dinner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bon service , une cuisine italienne raffin\u00e9e ... j'ai bien aim\u00e9 mes pennes au canard", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the linguine in cream sauce with spinach , pine nuts and green apples . like in the movies where an exotic italian man swoops in and woos a lady from her relatively mundane and boring boyfriend , this dish emasculated me and my manlihood as i was n't able to finish it like a real man should . however , in my defense , i was given a whole cannelloni and i finished that , so , volume-wise , i did manage to eat the same amount ... self-esteem crisis averted . in other news , the apples added a nice crunch to the noodles with a hint of sweet and tart flavor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bonne cuisine italienne avec de bons produits , pour ceux qui en ont marre des pseudo resto italien qui vende des pizzas am\u00e9ricaine merdique . bravo et merci !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i rented a car , and the vehicle was fine , however when i received my credit card statement , i was overcharged $ 60 . when i called to ask for a refund , i was initially told that the car was returned late ( according to their documentation it was returned on time ) . then , when i provided evidence that the car was in fact returned on time , they say they 'll make a partial refund , but are keeping a `` cleaning fee '' for dog hair . there was no dog . it remains to be seen whether or not this refund will actually take place , but be very aware of keeping track of your contracts and charges , this company appears to assign bogus add-on charges and hope that they go unnoticed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "disgusting treatment of a customer . i was given a car with several warning lights and messages on . the owner was aware of them and told me not to worry about them . during my rental , the power steering failed leaving me no option but to tow the car home at a $ 200 cash expense to me . the owner refuses to compensate me , telling me those lights were n't on and engaging in a struggle of `` he said , she said '' . now ... i 'm on the hook for $ 200 and essentially being called a liar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hh is the kind of place you go to when you 're low on cash , it 's monday night & you are willing to drive to pick up your food . they used to offer a medium 1-topping pizza for $ 5.55 on monday nights . last wk when i called to order the special , they said it changed to a large for $ 5.99 . the beauty of this offer is that you do n't have to buy 3 pizzas to get that price like the other chains ! ! ! ! ! with the economy in the toilet , i was astounded that they increased the size thereby improving the value for my hard earned dollars . as for taste & quality -- it 's pretty good . i like to order the thin crust and usually get sausage or pepperoni anything extra , i add on myself ( e.g. , red onion , black olives , etc ) . they do n't glop on the sauce or skimp on the cheese & i 've never rec 'd a burnt nearly burnt pizza . it 's even pretty good reheated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pizza is pretty good and reasonably priced . crusts with different flavors a nice touch . sesame seed dough very tasty . meat eater topping also good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy their garlic herb pizza , it 's delicious . i like that the pizza is n't overly greasy . i usually order delivery , and they always give a 60 minute or more time frame , but rarely make it in the designated time frame . they are generally between 10-40 minutes late .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a sick feeling to speak to your parents on the phone thousands of miles away and hear `` we are starving '' ! my mom has both hands in splints from a recent injury and dad has macular degeneration so they 've not been in the car for much of anything lately . i went online and found only a couple places that would deliver to them . hungry howie 's let me go through the online order process but then my heart sank when they called to say mom and dad were not in their delivery zone . i explained i was out of state and could not pick up so they offered to cancel the credit card charge . happily the next call was also from hungry howie 's saying the driver had offered to do the delivery in spite of the distance . i ca n't thank them enough for accommodating our needs . it made my day to know there would be something for mom and dad to eat this weekend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hh is definitely nothing fancy but our family enjoys their pizza and cheesy bread . they 've always gotten our order right and always fast delivery . no complaints . good for fun family night on a budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always had good experiences here . i enjoy the flavored crusts and the three cheese bread is a favorite with the children . i have never had a mistake with my orders nor an issue with any of the food . reasonably priced and easy access make this a favorite stop . this is a great place to order from if you are having a small gathering-especially with children as the prices are fair and the pizza is of decent quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i ordered a pepperoni pizza from this location and we both got very sick from eating their pizza . my boyfriend even had to take a day off from work because he was still feeling sick . when i called the next day to complain the lady that i spoke to wad very rude and very unprofessional . she was making excuses and blaming us . they took no responsibility for getting us sick and after i spoke to someone at corporate i was told the owner of this location would contact me and i 'm still waiting for them to call me . i will never go back to this location ever again or any other location ever again . the customer service is terrible and they are very rude ! do n't eat here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst pizza i have had delivered ... in surprise az no thank you the pizza did not look like any of the pictures on this webpage", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible service ! ordered food at 725pm . received email that the food was it 's way at 740pm . order arrived at 848 pm and it was ice cold ! ! ! ! driver wasnt even apologetic never order at hungry howies again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always friendly service , have never received unfriendly service . have messed up our orders 3 times in 6 years . but they are always quick to fix them when they do , and with a smile . this place is quick , and good food . their antipasto salads are to die for ! they are an a rated restaurant for a reason too . thanks guys for a great 6 years , and here 's to many more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had hh for the first time in phd and omg was the pizza phenomenal ! ! ! i was thrilled to find out one would deliver to my house . i topped a huge game to my family on why we should order here and not nick & ben or burros . well jokes on me . should went with something i knew was good not matter where i went . i order the philly pizza because last time i had it , it was yummy and had this incredible sauce . i called to say there is no sauce on my pizza and the guy was positive it did n't come with a sauce . when asked what type of sauce is the website is referring to he just kept reading my the toppings . never again will i order nasty howie .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a steak and mushroom calzone no lettuce no tomato add bell pepper and onion . i also ordered winga with ranch . asked the delivery driver where my ranch was . he insisted that it was in the box with the calzone , it was not . opened my calzone box and out poures lettuce and tomato.. i called back and the lady said there was a mix up . but it had my added veggies that i ordered ? ? ? no there was no mix up it was made incorrectly . the reason i am not giving less stars is beacuse the lady i spoke with sent a new one out immediatly", "score": "3"}
{"review": "je n'ai go\u00fbt\u00e9 que la partie `` chips '' du fish & chips et j'en suis tr\u00e8s satisfaite . pour 3 $ , on a une g\u00e9n\u00e9reuse portion de frites maison , larges et tendres , dor\u00e9es \u00e0 souhait et bonnes en go\u00fbt , juste comme je les aime ! tous les produits utilis\u00e9s ont l'air frais et de qualit\u00e9 . sinon , beaucoup de poissons diff\u00e9rents et de panures diff\u00e9rentes ( autour de 10 $ ) . aussi pas mal de place pour s'asseoir et une petite terrasse sur rue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went there for supper with friends last night & thoroughly enjoyed the service & meal . i would go back regularly and highly recommend this to others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was on a food tour in montreal and they gave us a sample , i got one piece of cod , chips , and tarter sauce ... .omg . my boyfriend is scottish and my mom is english so i know good fish and chips . my boyfriend and i loved it ! ! ! i would come here every time i 'm in montreal ( : great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , you almost wonder why they would have a brits and fish at that location , bit we decided to give it a try . the least we can say is that we did n't regret it for a second . nice restaurant , friendly waiters and good food . i took the salmon with chips and was very please with how fresh it was , large portions and very tasty fries to go with it . prices are very reasonable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for . i had the popcorn shrimp , could of been better . the batter just slips right off and the shrimp itself was almost raw . i 'd give this place another chance but def not for shrimp . maybe cod or salmon ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good fish and chips . the prices are on the cheap side ( with tax and tip it might go just under 14 $ ) . you have to try the bitter shandy ! the beer one of couse . the others taste like something youve already had for a dollar or two while the beer bitter shandy tastes like something you never had before ! ( caution : its 3.50 $ for the regular sized can ) i do imagine that maybe this is what a butter beer tastes like ( one of the mysterious food of harry potter ) so yes you might be ending with a bill of 30 $ if you get everything ( entree f & c bitter shandy )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here at 9:30pm tonight ( 10 30 16 ) . they close at 2am ( this is relevant ) . walk in and stand there for a solid two minutes before anyone comes from the back . there 's one guy working by himself ( heavier young guy with sandy blonde hair ) . guy does n't say hello or greet us at all . puts his gloves on and then says , `` the microwave and toaster are off for the night . '' i said , `` but are n't you guys open until 2am ? '' he says , `` yeah , but i 've already cleaned them for the night . '' dude ! you 're open for 4.5 more hours ! the toaster and microwave do n't take very long to clean . and by shutting them down - you 're cutting off at least half of the menu to customers . we walked out . this place has to be losing a lot of money every time this guy works by himself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super clean and the workers are very friendly ! ! i go here a lot after school and i 've never had a problem", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adriana is always a pleasure to see ! this store is always clean and everyone is so friendly ! i enjoy coming here for lunch . i 've been coming here for 5 years ! i 've never had a bad experience ! keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude , immature , and unprofessional behavior . my child is disabled and he could n't make up his mind on what he wanted to eat . one employee kept turning his head toward his friend to laugh at us and then they would both laugh..this happened two times.. i finally said we will go some where else since you both want to laugh at us . as we walked out one of them yelled out sarcastically `` have a nice day '' i then went up to the subway on eastern and horizon and got great service.. i will take all my business to this other location from now on..if i could have given no stars i would have . nice way to treat your customers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "closed ? ! went by for this morning 's healthy breakfast sammich and regina and crew were gone , and the door said `` this location is no longer open '' . the crew here made me smile , were always professional and friendly , and worked very hard to keep the place clean . this is depressing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there yesterday right before 10 o'clock it was only one lady working was very kind professional two big thumbs up best server i had is subway store in a while", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location . right next to dunkin donuts . service today was a pleasure . the sole girl making the sandwiches was super nice and attentive . she also kept the place immaculate . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location was clean and open . the parking lot is kinda annoying because there are certain spots designated for the smoke shop next door and certain ones for subway . chyson , the sandwich maker , was verrrryyyy chatty and tried to engage the guest who came in before me , me and the guest who came in after me . i guess when you 're the only person working somewhere you might get a little lonely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd give this location 5 stars if it was n't for the insane chick that works there , christy . she visibly makes customers uncomfortable and brings up personal topics regarding her life and theirs . people just stand in line and shake there heads at her behavior so i know it is n't only me . my coworkers and i go there for lunch as we work very close and we pretty much pray before going in that she wo n't be working . i 'm always friendly to people serving me food and waitresses however , she makes me feel odd and just want to get out . the other folks there are friendly and pleasant in the appropriate ways . she 's just too much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location , and employees ! the manager was very nice . place was vey clean , i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this used to be a really good subway ! we would come here late at night when it was 24hrs and the guy making sandwiches was great ! unfortunately that 's all changed , i did n't yelp the first time because i really do n't do this , but this is ridiculous ... there 's a new employee , heavy set male , and this is the second time now that he 's `` shut the toasters off '' and `` ran out of bread '' 4 hours before closing . i will never waste my time coming here again , the extra mile is worth every penny .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this wine bar serves up a casual and modern atmosphere with a friendly and knowledgeable staff . the fare is typical bistro - sandwiches , salads and cheese plates - but is fresh and generous . the cheese plates are my favorite and they offer a variety of themed plates to suit every palette - upgrade your plate to include nuts and dried fruit . it 's worth it . the wine menu is extensive and their retail selection is even larger . every wine in the store is available for opening at your table , for a minimum corking fee . despite the number of choices , choosing a wine never seems overwhelming . this is credited to the easy going , non-pretentious staff who are always ready to help you find a wine you are guaranteed to like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has been bending us over for years in terms of prices , especially on spirits - but we no longer have to put up with it , now that bevmo and total wine are nearby and offer the standard , normal , reasonable prices that you can get in any other major metro city in the u.s. for years it was incredible how much they were able to charge for premium spirits and get away with it because arizona was an anomaly state with no real competition for premium beverages . sportsman 's ... give me a break , your price if i buy a case ( oooh , `` case price '' ) is still more expensive than bevmo or total wine . they rarely answer the phone if you call , the beer selection is inadequate , and many of the staff hardly know anything about their products . an extra star is given for decent tastings ( though overpriced ) and decent cheese fruit bread plates .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this review is based on the bar only . ok , tonight i just wanted a glass of wine , and when i left it felt like i paid for an entire bottle , $ 11.30 for a glass , holy frijoles ... way too pricey for 'my ' wallet ... although service was good and the place was nice looking , and obviously the wine was spectacular . but no , not until i 'm nicely employed will sportsman 's be seeing my cute rear anytime soon . i would def go back to try out some of their menu items and to sit on the comfy couches . ah , yes the wave of intoxication just hit , time to lie down and enjoy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good cheese . good wine . friendly service . comfortable seating . good stuff that goes on a cheese plate but is not cheese ( fruits , nuts , crackers , breads , etc. ) . they even have a tv with the game on , which is both good and bad . it distracts from the cozy wine bar atmosphere , but i do like to know who wins the florida-oklahoma game . either way , it is one of the more comfortable spots in the northwest part of the city .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to sportsman 's for a networking event last wk & really liked it . we were able to use a section near the door that had cushy seating and oversize chairs . it was a good spot for our group of around 20-30 . it 's difficult to comment on cost b c the event was complimentary and we ordered a few plates with fruit , cheeses , meats and olives that were perfect with the wines . they even had a wine tasting area in the rear of the store that was a nice feature i have n't seen at the other local wine bars . service was great and i had no complaints there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm hard to please on buffets , but indus was easily a 3.5 for me . i had a delightful lunch with a few of the boys of boofay recently ( rand h , donald s , and mike c ) who were gracious enough to allow audrey w and i a guest pass . i stuck with more familiar dishes like curry and chicken tikki masala and was not disappointed . i even threw in a salad for good measure . you know , to fill you up so you do n't eat as much ? did n't work unfortunately . everything was fresh and flavorful . our server was sweet as can be ensuring we had plenty of delicious naan available . if i had brought a bigger bag i probably would have stuffed the leftovers into it . maybe that 's why so many women are fond of handbags that really should be on wheels . indus is outside my 5-mile radius , but i would definitely pay it another visit if in the area . i 'm especially curious about their regular menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really really enjoyed this place and boyfriend and i got a huge amazing meal for $ 20 all together . ca n't beat that ! the greatness : their garlic naan is amazing and so so so much garlic . i was in heaven . the chicken tikaa masala was wonderful . the lunch special -- $ 4.99 ( can you believe that , $ 4.99 ! ) got a sizeable entree , rice , a small salad , two dipping sauces , and some chickpea something or other . just looked on their online menu and definitely did n't see all the stuff they have advertised there , but they had lots of varied entrees and great stuff all around . the chairs ? i love the chairs ! so fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great lunch boofay here today with fellow yelpers brian c. , heather c. , donald s. , audrey c. and rand h. well to start the decor is a little different but very nice and very comfy , the big fancy chairs that rand did not like , i did like ( sorry rand ) . the main dishes were all very good . they had 4 or 5 chicken dishes , lamb , mutton and about 4 or 5 veggie dishes . and only one dessert but it was good , it was the indian style rice pudding you know the one with no cinnamon or raisons but still good . yay i am a fan", "score": "4"}
{"review": "husband and i decided to try something different for dinner and were looking for fresh indian-like food and discovered a gem in the rough . once you get beyond the strip mall location and leave any preconceived notion of indian pakistani food at the door , you will be rewarded with a fantastic culinary experience . we opted for the dinner buffet , which gave us a great variety of some fantastic indian-pakistani fare . all the chicken dishes were excellent , naan was some of the best i 've had , spinach and lentils were also great . staff were friendly and took requests for items not offered in the buffet . great value for great food . it 's a must try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have found it ! a good indo paki restaurant in chandler . a little hard to find just south of the big lots on warner and alma school rd . the dinner prices are low . i mean hard to find anything over 7.99 low . the portions seem small until you eat with naan and rice and then it really is n't . hands down the best naan i 've had around here ( because it 's fresh and not overcooked ) the saag , ctm , eggplant were all very good and spicy . the owner is a cool dude who checks on you frequently and is a very nice person . the decor is very bright . for me could be a little cooler in the restaurant , but minor quibble . count me a fan - will come back to try the rest of the menu . the wife , who is a fierce critic of indian food really enjoyed it . hooray for chandler !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best indian restaurants that i have been to . we went for a lunch buffet and had to loosen at least 2 notches on the belt . the chicken dishes were authentic mughlai and the vegeterian dishes were very flavorful . the kheer for desert was to die for . i would go back to chandler , az to eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sara f. what restaurant did you go to ? ! ? ? ! this place is as great , lunch or dinner buffet , you name it is good . i would like to consider myself a bit of an expert on indian food , especially buffets . i grew up eating indian food and i love my parents for it ! i loved that they have goat and lamb ! not many indian buffets have either of those meats , or only have them on special occasions . not indus village ! i have been to lunch many times and they always have the chicken curry , i always skip the chicken though , the sauce is so so yum ! they seem to have the same main dishes and change out a few other ones . but personally i have found a place where they have dishes i love , so i hope they have the same few dishes every time i 'm there ! this place does n't disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant has horrible food ... .nothing close to authentic indian pakistani food . the buffet costs 11.99 and not worth the price . dishes are bland and ingredients seem to be of a poor quality . being a native asian , i have to say ... huge disappointment ! fresh naan is the best thing on the menu .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good stuff ! ! owner was super nice , and staff was very helpful . had the buffet and got to try some new items . beautifully decorated and fun . will go again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this place a couple of times . i love the weekend buffet because it has a create your chaat corner and i love paani poori . the rest of the buffet is mediocre but this place would get a 5 just for my bias towards chaat..but since most of u have no clue what that is.. 4 overall !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this place . i struggled between giving them a 3 or 4 , but i think they deserve a 4. naan is good - 5 tandoori chicken - 5 kabobs and stuff -3 qorma tikkas - 4 service - 4 its good food . not too spicy , the naan is fresh . the one thing to look out for with indian food places is not the spicy stuff that will kick you while you are eating it , but the stuff with tons of garam masala that will make you feel remorseful after you ate the buffet . i think this place stays well clear of that line for their own benefit . i 'm really not feeling the decorations , the place is a little cramped due to the chairs and tables . desserts , i do n't know , i did n't really fall for them . i 'm a picky indian , and i only eat a few desserts which indus chooses not to have . good place for indo pak food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have attempted to sample the buffet here on three separate occasions . the first time they did not have the buffet because of ramadan . the next attempt the restaurant was closed for ac issues . today i visited and there was no one to greet us and no buffet in site . my coworkers now refer to this as the imaginary buffet . it 's great if you are on a diet . the food i tried the first visit was pretty tasty , although their tandoor oven was out of order so they could not provide the naan we ordered . maybe they should have spent less on the chairs ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the most authentic pakistan restaurant in az . we love this place specially the pain puri and near two of my all time favorite pakistani dishes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for indus village it no longer exists at this place . it 's now copper kettle . spoke with who i assume was the owner when we arrived and he said they had moved copper kettle from their previous location on guadalupe and elliot to this location . food was good , same as copper kettle serves . was hoping to try something new but it was definitely sufficient for a weekday lunch . the chicken tikka masala and naan were the buffet highlights for me . i could handle a little less ghee in the dishes but everything was still good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i looove this place ! thank god it just around the corner from my house . their menu is small but everything on it is delicious . the chicken tikka masala sauce is delicious - i could just drink it by itself ... mmmm ... the aloo baingan ( excuse the spelling ) is awesome ! ! ! the prices are also amazing ... dinner meals starting at 6.99 ( entree , basmati rice , naan and dal ... mmmm ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though this place is a little hard to see from the street definitely make the effort to find it ! great decor , very friendly staff , good food . the nan bread was a little too cooked but tasty overall . i was there for the lunch menu and i was shocked to see there were not more people there . the price is typical for indian buffet..i think 10-11 per person . my favorite was their house curry , it has been a few weeks since i have been there but have not stopped thinking about that dish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cozy and cute decor ! as a first-timer to manicures , i felt relaxed right away by the chatty , friendly atmosphere . and my nails look amazing . thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "am a regular here for nails and the like ... if you are in the area , a reasonable , convenient , clean , and service-oriented business . vanna is the best , and her mom is adorable . a great family owned business . they take walk-ins , but it would help to call ahead for an appointment because they can get busy at peak hours . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looove this place ! i always get in quick , they do a great job , very clean , nice staff . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! the staff remembered my name and my color after just one visit ! ! clean with good quality product . my new nail place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vanna runs a great nail salon , me and a couple guys checked out the salon after a round of golf around the corner . all the ladies did an amazing job and next time we are in the area we will be sure to have our nails done there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love vanna and her team , they make your mani pedi perfect and are relaxed and pleasant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really do n't like this place at all . i saw the reviews and decided to give it a try but i have had better experiences at walmart vision center to be honest ( and that says a lot because it 's walmart : - ) . i feel rushed through the exam after having to wait 30 - 45 minutes just to see the dr . i do n't know the person who did the preliminary eye testing maybe his name is adam all i know is that he is rude , never says hello never smiles and really could care less that you are a patient . dr. lee is okay but i still feel a coldness while i am there like i am wasting their time or something . i will not be going back . i did not give 1 star because i 've actually had worse experiences so i do n't think they deserve a 1 but in my opinion they are less than average . but i would never recommend anyone to go to them ever !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "examination was excellent but rianna rihanna ? at the front desk really didnt know what was going on as far as insurance issues . not sure if i 'll be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. lee is an excellent doctor ! never want to see another eye doctor again . although since this merge at the avondale location i feel the front staff are far from desirable . the young man who was there when i originally became a patient was excellent and needs to be brought back . the new women who have been different every time i have gone in are clueless and the blonde who seems to be running the front is rude . never acknowledged and treated like i am bothering them when i check in or am picking up contacts . i use to recommend this place to my colleagues but after this years visit and 3 check ins with the rude front staff i will be on the search for a new office . dr lee please move or find some pleasant front office employees .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been going to vision wellness center since 2004 . they are simply fabulous ! i originally began seeing dr. vogl but from what i understand she is only working a couple days a week now and has brought on another doctor , dr. marmos . on my last visit dr. m was the one who did my annual eye exam and he was not only thorough but quick . he moved quickly through each part of the exam and sent me on my way ... but not before ensuring that there were n't any questions he had n't answered for me . i completely trust and admire the professionalism and knowledge this staff exhibits !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a dreadful experience with vision wellness . they made my glasses and then had to remake the lenses , twice . it was a nightmare getting them to admit the lenses were not right . the eye doctor told me he was not going to absorb the expense of remaking the lenses because when he rechecked my vision it was the same . well , the third time , they did n't even let the dr near me , they brought in their problem solver , who was very nice and got to the bottom of the problem and finally i had glasses that were right . this took up too much of my time and exhausted my patience , they do n't get another chance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first eye exam since moving to phoenix . i had high expectations after seeing the same , great optometrist since i was in high school . i would say that my expectations were met , i just wished they had a better selection of glasses . they can special order frames , but glasses are too personal of an item to order sight unseen imo . dr. wong was n't as entertaining as my old doc , but ca n't say anything bad about her . they are utilizing some new gadgets technology that i think may lend to a more thorough exam than i 'm used to . unlike some of the other reviewers , i did n't feel rushed through , nor did i wait long ( maybe 10 mins after my scheduled time ) . all in all a positive experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been going to vision wellness for several years for our eye exams . we have always been very pleased . the doctors use state of the art equipment and are very knowledgeable . they , and their staff , explain exactly what they are doing and take the time to answer all questions . this year , dr. lee found an issue with my retinas and referred me to a specialist . when i contacted him after hours with some additional questions , he called me right back and gave me the information i needed . i was very impressed with his caring , but very professional manner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i both have went here the past two years for our annual eye exams . reception is always super friendly when i call or go into the office . wait time is always reasonable . dr. lee is who we see and he does an incredible job . he is professional , thorough , and friendly . he also seems to sincerely care . once i brought my 3-month-old in with me and dr. lee was happy to answer a question i had about the baby 's eye . you 'll also see him at the front desk making sure you 're being taken care of . my contacts always arrived quickly if they did n't already have them . dr. lee was also patient about explaining contact options re : comfort , wear time , cost , etc . they try their best to help you pick out glasses but if they do n't have what you like will happily print out your prescription to go elsewhere . i highly recommend this vision wellness and dr. lee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to vision wellness for 7 years . i started with dr vogl ( she is at the estrella office now ) and she was great . i have very bad vision and hate going to the eye dr. usually . dr lee , dan and the pleasant , helpful front desk staff have changed all that for me . dr lee is an expert in the field of contact lens fitting . dan , the technician explained every step to this scaredy cat . = ) they have the latest technology also which is helpful . no more eye dilation ! ! yay ! ! i would highly recommend vision wellness to anyone who needs to wear contacts or glasses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone was very friendly here . it was my first time getting glasses and i did n't feel rushed at all when i was trying to find the right pair for me . my appt was during the week and i did n't have to wait much to get seen after i filled my paperwork and the options were discussed with me about what would be good for me about choosing from contacts or glasses", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been able to get appointments quickly and have a pleasant experience each time i 've visited in the past year . the optometrists have been helpful and explain their assessments and diagnoses clearly . very happy with the frames and lenses i 've selected from vision wellness . my wife also appreciates vision wellness and recommended it to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "woohoo ! this office is as good as it gets . i 've been going to vision wellness for a number of years now since i lived in avondale in 2009 , and now that i bought a house in laveen 2015 i still make the hike to avondale for the best eye care in town . i ca n't sleep you how pleased i am with the service i get from all the office staff . dr lee is amazing and always there for my eye health 1000 % . another thing is their technology is always up to date , i 've noticed we 've come a long way from that big barber chair with all the contraptions to a regular seat and super computers that still need his magic tough for the final diagnosis and rx . he 's an optometrist and an ophthalmologist , super bright and treated my dry eye perfectly . ca n't see myself going anywhere else ! always keep up the good work folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lee is great as well as all the others who work there . i like the fact they send you a text to remind you of appointments . the even sent me a birthday wish ( my own parents do n't do that ) . but man will they try to get every penny they can from you when picking out a your frames and or lenses . the girl kept telling me my frames may break while putting the lenses in them and they no longer make parts for them trying to get me to spend more money on new ones ( there only two years old and in good shape ) ..she could n't understand no means no.. ! god bless them ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super friendly staff . the doctor corrected a previously misdiagnosed prescription and now my sons eyes feel great ! since that visit about a month ago , i have returned with my husband and another son . they love the new correct diagnosis ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor follow up care . appear to be drive by dollars and cents not by providing customer service . paid for contact fitting had family emergency and when i returned to state they refused to provide service w o complete exam and repaying of fee . insurance wouldnt cover due to way leas than a year since initial visit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never felt as uncomfortable as i did , when me and my wife walked in to vision wellness , receptionist wanted to know if we had insurance , and we replied yes , the young lady asked for our ids , for her to keep at the front desk , till we finish looking around , it might have been my basketball shorts , but to get profiled in my own neighborhood , shame on you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best experience i had with eye appointment . excellent office environment ( clean , not crowded and little wait time ) , great selection of glasses and the best interaction with doctor and support staff . i felt special and cared for as a patient not a number ( not rushed ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here on business and had a bit of an ocular emergency . these guys came in like super bataan and saved the day . would totally revommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are often there for breakfast with my husband . they skinny omelet is really good , i got so hooked up on it that i do n't know much about other items . their coffee tastes like evey other breakfast place , kind of medium . not too bad , not too good . they have nice outdoor seeting area . overall it is decent place for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got a plate of bacon and eggs ( 2 ) with home fries with a toasted bagel , which was not in the menu . simple and plain nothing can go bad with bacon n egg . the problem was the `` fresh '' orange juice was not fresh as the ones i 'm more familiar with , but i did not wanted to make fuss out of it . i almost flipped out of my chair when i got the bill . $ 10.48 for bacon n eggs ( little pricey ) , $ 7.78 for 2 small cups of orange juice ? ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ! this is my first review in yelp , i never cared to leave comments but i hope anybody that choose to drink oj over a coffee for breakfast , like me , should walk in with a bottle of tropicana and walk out with it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food was ok , but nothing spectacular . the eggs benedict did n't have a proper hollandaise sauce - it was more of a cream . and do n't get me started on the water they serve . it literally comes out of the kitchen 's sink and has strong notes of chlorine , fluoride , copper , and other minerals characteristic of bad tap water . i could n't even mask the foul taste with a lemon . owners , if you 're reading this , please , we 're all begging you , invest a small amount of money in a water filter . it makes a huge difference in the taste of the water - and it is healthier for you , too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is delicious ! i came on a sunday morning and got sat right away . server was great and very friendly . i forgot what his name was , oops ! i ordered the city grits and a side of turkey sausage links . city grits were amazing . i 'm not a huge grits fan but with all the added toppings to it , i could n't resist . it has bacon , green onions and tomatoes on topped . i added a bit of hot sauce to it and it was amazing ! ! i will definitely get that again ! ! turkey sausage links were good , but a bit pricey for what you got . my husband got an omelette thought it was good . came with potatoes . he added salsa to it and was pretty pleased . our friend got got sausage and gravy biscuits with scrambled eggs and ate the whole thing . our other friend got the benedict and loved it ! ! i will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not a bad place ... it 's just not a good place . $ 10 for two way overdone scrambled eggs , two pieces of way underdone bacon , a barely toasted english muffin , and some deep fried pieces of food service potatoes . throw in a tip and you have a $ 12+ plate of mediocrity . coffee is good , and service is ok but it just is n't worth the price tag .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've gone here about twice only because i really wanted to some grits and a biscuit . neither were that great . the grits : overly salted , lumpy , and too runny . the biscuit : decent enough as far as biscuits go . did n't disappoint but did n't delight me either . the potatoes : way too salty for my taste . maybe i 'm sensitive to salt , but you guys really need to monitor that . i know it 's breakfast food but at least be mindful of the sodium . i had no problems with the service on each of my visit , but i 'm unlikely to return again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a bit of time before work so i decided to give this place a try . i asked the waitress for recommendations . she told me that everything was good except the sausage patties . i did n't see turkey bacon on the menu & i have n't eaten the yolk of an egg in so long and now have an intolerance for it so i ordered the skinny omelet , sub goat cheese for parmesan . the omelet was mediocre . looked like something i could make at home . and they just kind of threw some parmesan cheese on top instead of cooking it into the omelet or even inside the fold . also i couldnt find a single garlic clove . no effort at all . i saw some other omelets that i 'd like to try on the menu but the little omelet i got today came to $ 12 & was n't even that great . i think i 'll stick to the omelets at the flying biscuit in this area for now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was terrible ! ! ! you would have thought i screwed her husband the treatment we received . we were seated and it took our waitress 10 mins to greet us . although there were 4 others standing around no one came to the table to say anything . once the server came she says , `` i know you guys been waiting a few minutes '' , i corrected her and said more than a few . at that time she ask for drinks , appetizers and meal . she never came back to ask if we needed anything so . i had to flag down another server to bring syrup . she then comes and fills up the jelly yet does n't ask if everything was ok. she finally ask us about the check so now we know her name is susan . she was terrible . i will not return thanks to the service because the food was outstanding..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced and they use egg batter . make sure you read the fine print in the menu . save yourself some money and go to waffle house .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i personally have been to this location twice ; let me say the interior is beautiful , very colorful and lively.. unfortunately , i just didnt particularly care for the food or the service . i went the first time with my entire family to try it out , i ordered the crab cake benedict ... i was very disappointed ... in fact i did n't eat it all . the service was mediocre.. in passing and on the way to taking my daughter to work one morning i thought i would give this location another try ... why ? ? i should have learned from the initial visit . my daughter and i both felt the same way . the waitress seemed as if she was n't really interested in serving us and the food was really not all that good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food ! was n't a fan that the waiter added more of a tip on my card then i gave him , by like $ 15 . when i talked to the manager she asked if `` i had issues with the service because the tip i gave was low '' . first of all , it does n't matter what the reason is why i left the tip i did , if you take more money then you allowed its call theft . second , yes a matter of fact it was crappy service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was highly disappointed with this place after hearing some good things . everything on the menu is disgustingly expensive . i got the crab , cream cheese , and brie omelette . the crabmeat was very greasy , or maybe it was from the abundance of cheese . it definitely was n't worth over $ 10 . the service was pretty slow even though there was only one other table in the restaurant . i was just really upset that i paid so much for not being satisfied . i would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for brunch with family and friends ! ordered the lakeshore scramble and added some spinach for a little extra green - be sure to sign up for their email newsletter beforehand to get a free order of biscuit beignets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was n't bad but it was n't great . i had the crab cakes egg benedict . not a great texture , was like imitation crab meat . the server was n't the best . she was short and inattentive . i would n't suggest it but if i was invited would n't be hating life either . it could have been what i ordered . perhaps if i would have ordered pancakes or something simple , it would have been a better experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we really enjoy the breakfast options . just had the lucy with green chilis and avocados . home made corned beef hash and fresh tomato salsa . wonder why their hash browns are standard frozen cubes that they deep fry ? wish they were fresh . always friendly service too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good but overpriced . spent $ 36 same as ihop where i spend $ 20 for 2 people . service was excellent and buttermilk pancakes were amazing", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they have very unique breakfast not just your ordinary breakfast place . they have amazing pancakes and omelette . i got the veggie omelette and it was delicious . they are generous with their portion and you will not leave this place hungry . also great coffee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got the chance to eat here on our way out of town . the selection was perfect for our group of diverse tastes . my husband got a hamburger for breakfast and my dad ordered the lobster omelet ( said it was delicious , though it sounds gross ) . they also had a selection of gluten free choices ! the gluten free pancake with berries was great ! kids had typical pancakes and eggs- neither really ate well , but they are kids and you ca n't always count on them to be big eaters . the older child asked for chocolate chips on her pancake and they happily obliged . only draw back , i had to ask for a refill of coffee every time , and the children 's drinks got ignored completely . though otherwise it was great ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has gone downhill in the last year or so . the service was very poor and it took nearly 45min to get pancakes and eggs and we were a party of two . we spent nearly 2hrs here and not to mention when we did get our food it was totally cold . however , when i sent back a portion of my meal since it was cold i got the replacement in under 60 seconds , go figure . even more disappointing is people who came in after us that were larger parties were getting served way before us ! i gave two stars because the only redeeming feature was their bloody mary .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "45 minute wait on a friday morning for a $ 36 breakfast that was mediocre at best ... nah ... not my cup of tea .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to this place several times and can write a review stating that the food is average but the service is terrible . once i actually got cold eggs and another time they actually forgot us !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we are liking another broken egg . a kitchy country kitchen motif serving lunch and breakfast . and it is convenient to my father 's assisted living digs and st. matthew church . we like the menu . lots of suggestions and creative omelets . and they will create what you like better or want modified on their menu . service is prompt and the food comes out hot and as described . endless coffee and iced tea makes for a good leisurely breakfast or lunch . given the fine location in ballantyne , sunday is a mob scene with the various church crowds coming in on schedule . waits will run up to 45 minutes , but you end up sitting with nice people to pass the time . a nice place . worth the weekend waits . enjoy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went in today for breakfast , sat at the counter , and had the oscar benedict . the food was good but was n't worth the $ 14 . i think the price was because of the ingredients ( crabmeat , asparagus , and steak ) but not of the quantity or quality . my real issue was the server at the counter . not my assigned server , but the stringy haired brunette with the santa claus cap who 's hair was not tied back and she ate at the counter , during her shift , in front of patrons and did n't wash her hands after . and she ate with her fingers and kept waving her hair back and forth . girl , you ai n't beyonce or becky . yeah ... i considered saying something but i was with company and so i 'm here sharing with you yelp family . i wo n't go back here and i 'm disappointed that she was allowed to be so poorly behaved on the floor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the omelet is ok 'pancakes is saggy waffles is not good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first try at another broken egg . probably last try . i came on a monday morning at 10am . it was not packed but steady . service was horrible . not friendly and rushed feeling . i ordered bellini to drink and watched as a woman , on the phone , tried to make it . she poured a few things in and dropped a frozen peach in , looked at my server and shrugged . needless to say worth the $ 8.00 price tag . i am pretty sure the one who made it was the manager . i had the lobster and brie omlette which was not bad . not worth $ 15 but not awful . the grits , on the other hand , were great ! . overall , i say skip this place and go to toast or flying biscuit . you will have better service and better food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yum yummy ! this place was delicious . friendly staff , quick service , and good food . i enjoyed my breakfast . i really liked the grits . it 's someplace i would go back to if i 'm ever in the area again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no stars . should not be affiliated with abe cafe 's found along the gulf coast . hard beignets , burnt toast , lukewarm food with no garnishment . steak n shake has much better skillets ! service is okay . obvious why there is no wait during peak brunch times . we went on a saturday and the place was a ghost town .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "breakfast was ok. had the southwest scramble , and my friend the biscuits and gravy . our waiter did n't really seem to want to be there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a classic omelet which was good . service was also fair . nothing extraordinary in my visit here , but a solid breakfast for sure . overall looks like a pretty good spread for breakfast and lunch . i 'll definitely give it another try next time in town . waffles looked pretty good as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly , courteous , funny staff . enjoyed the chez b omelette that was delicious . biscuit was perfectly fluffy and the coffee kept coming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice atmosphere . the beignets were delicious . they made my custom omelette just right . i 'll definitely be going back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we drove around looking for something new to try for breakfast , and happened upon here . it was a saturday morning , and we had to wait about 30 min . for a table . our server was very attentive and friendly , although a bit forgetful in getting a couple of extras . we tried the beignets , and , as others have mentioned , they really were n't that good . they were hard and tasted slightly burnt . the eggs benedict were good , nothing special . the southwest scrambler ( with soft tortillas ) was pretty delicious , and the salsa was a standout . the home fried potatoes were good . we got a mother 's day coupon so we may go back one more time as we want to try the huevos rancheros with the salsa . side note : we asked if they had tomato juice ( most places do not ) , and they offered v8 . upon arrival , the server told us we got the last 2 glasses as it was being discontinued .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place - i lived right near the original broken egg cafe when i lived in louisiana so i was super pumped when i learned the charlotte area had a franchise as well . i almost always go with an omelette because you get a huge omelette , arguably some of the best home fries around , and and english muffin . there 's no way you 're leaving hungry . but they also have a bunch of yummy sweet options if that 's more your speed , and i swear one of these times i will try one of the benedicts or lunch options . i really do n't think there is a bad option here . the prices can get up there depending on what you get but in general the items range from $ 9-15 which i would say is n't absurd . the service was pretty great too , so between the atmosphere , service , and food i 'd say it 's worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this cute breakfast cafe has some of the unusual breakfast plates of anyplace you will ever find . food is excellent and service was acceptable . one problem is for brunch on a sunday you have to wait till noon to buy a bloody mary or any other brunch liquor drink . the prices are a few dollars more than most other breakfast cafes , but for the experience it is worth the extra money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is super cute , family friendly , clean , and all around happy feeling . besides the poached eggs being really runny , everything was great . props for the pickled okra on the bloody mary", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really yummy brunch spot ! the potato sensations was very good , along with the ( huge ) pancake flight . good portions and nice atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a solid breakfast experience every time . i usually get the hey lucy omelette or the southwest omelette . the beignets are awesome as well . the coffee is good , but not strong enough . overall i highly recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally got to try this restaurant in charlotte and will definitely go back to the raleigh location . the menu has lots of options and everything looked great . i got an omelette which was very good- also liked their potatoes and andouille sausage . the gluten free pancake and egg scrambles were also great . if you go , do not pass up the beignet appetizer ! it was very popular at our table ! looking forward to trying more options here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the first time we went to this place it was really good . i remember giving it a 5-star review , but now coming back for the second time , it was very disappointing . wait staff is always friendly and accommodating , but the food is mediocre . poached eggs came underdone , the scrambled eggs were watery with a weird grayish tint and tasted horrible . i paid 37 $ for 2 people and will not be returning . feel ripped off .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "three of us dined here for breakfast yesterday morning . always better during the weekend , no wait . this was our first experience , we had a dealsaver coupon . initial service was good but dropped off when we needed refills , waitress was mia . the food is fair and a little overpriced , but then this is ballantyne area . eggs benedict were very good , the potatoes that comes with everything were tasteless . poached eggs were underdone , the whites were runny ... .returned and cooked right . pancakes and waffles also good . strange though , if you want real maple syrup its an extra $ 1.59 . overall , this place is just ok . if you go on weekends , the wait time can be 45 mins .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great place for brunch ! their food has always been delicious . the wait time can be a little long but i feel that it is worth it . i was excited about the drink options for brunch time but was n't impressed with the drink itself . i believe it was a peach sangria of some sort . way too sweet and had no ice or fruit . but like i mentioned before , the food has always been great and the staff is pretty nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "breakfast is very good and they feature many traditional breakfast items and some eclectic choices too . the belgium waffle has a slight vanilla flavoring and is quite good . comes with two eggs and breakfast meat . i had the black stone eggs benedict . the hollandaise was light and tasty . michelle was our server and she was very pleasant and supportive to the temperature in the restaurant as my dad was freezing . coffee cups remained full . only recommendation i can offer is to teach the bus boys to clear with small trays . it would help expedite table turns quicker . great breakfast and we will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better than a diner ! this is one of our favorite breakfast brunch places . we sit at the bar almost always ... the service is quick but thorough . i love that they have healthy options like the delicious blueberry quinoa bowl and guilty pleasures like corned beef hash and grits topped with bacon and perfectly brown hash browns and gluten free options too if that 's your jam . an equal opportunist eater like me can appreciate this . you must try the beignets at least once ! yum ... the orange and honey marmalade they serve them with is n't for everyone but it 's tasty all the same . i love that they have wifi that actually works so when i need a change of scenery to get some work done . be warned that it does get crowded during prime brunch times but the bar is always an option and hey , they serve coffee while you wait . last mention is they serve alcohol ... never a bad thing right ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "southern spinach salad was pretty tasty and decent price . came first lunch on sar and had no wait . servers were friendly just a tad slow but not too bad . if i was in the area again i would come back . location is kind of tucked in the corner so can be hard to see and park at peak times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we loved this place ! we were greeted warmly as we entered the restaurant and seated right away . our server was very knowledgeable and friendly . we ordered a little bit of everything , starting with the biscuit beignets . they came out warm , coated in powdered sugar , so good ! the french toast bananas foster style was some of the best we 've ever had , and the omelets we tried were also tasty . if we are back in the ballantyne area this will definitely be our go to breakfast spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and drinks , place is clean and staff is very friendly . best breakfast spot in ballantyne . have been here many times and never had an issue . if you 're looking for a great spot to eat breakfast this is the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for brunch the day after xmas , it was pretty busy but did n't have to wait too long . got the black bean eggs benedict with the chipotle hollandaise and , besides the poached eggs being underdone , the flavors were pretty good . noticed the appearance of the potatoes on other tables walking in , so opted to substitute grits instead , and was so glad i did . we also ordered some of the biscuit beignets to share at the table , and they were pretty disappointing , the dough was extremely dense and heavy , and i could n't get past the first one i ate . also took a star off for the service . i 'm not a fan of waiting by committee , and it lead to a lot of confusion , as we were left waiting for condiments , side orders , and drinks a little too long . for the prices they charge for a breakfast , i 'd expect service to be a lot more on point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . the staff is always so friendly and it 's good but also quick . can get busy so do n't wait til you 're starving during rush . you may wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sitting in this place right now . i just had a great omelette ; they call it the baquezo , and it is wonderful ! the service was great , the food was great ... i have no complaints at all . a word of advice - do n't go to brunch on sunday in charlotte . 99 % of the city goes to church , then breakfast brunch . every restaurant in the city is packed to the rafters , and everything suffers ( food , service , etc. ) . no restaurant is a positive experience on sunday mornings here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "long wait but great eats ! ! ! this place knows how to do breakfast . french toast is delicious . breakfast meats are great also ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "egg - cellent omelette s ! i had a bacon and sausage combo . i 'm not a big fan of the usual home fries that come with breakfast dishes , these were different . everything was well presented , fresh and tasty . and the service was friendly . i had the omelette for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , nothing great . my waitress was super , rest of the staff was average and not really friendly . bring a sweater , it 's cold inside ... . can not stay for more than 20 min .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a little bit of a wait both for seating and to order but we 'll worth it ! i had waffle sliders and they were phenomenal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried it for lunch . our 1st time here . almost empty . my wife just had gum surgery so we tried a place where we could order `` soft '' food . her pancakes were very good , large and flavorful . my chicken salad was so so . did n't care for the flavor . one note of caution : soft drinks are pricey- & 2.69 is pretty steep .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just average at best ... not a big fan but it 's a place in our breakfast place rotation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great breakfast and lunch spot ! food is delicious , menu is extensive and service is great . sweet potato pancake , skinny omelet , breakfast quinoa , and sausage patty are all fabulous ! a definite go to in ballantyne .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to get breakfast ! i always go with my boyfriend or my friends and they all love it just as much as i do . my favorites are the floridian omelet and the cinnamon roll french toast . the service is always great , it keeps me coming back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food and great service . it 's best to go around 9 am on a sunday . my friend had the belgian waffle and it was a little bit spongy for our taste . i had the spinach omelette and it was great definitely would order again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our parents of allergic kids members were discussing safe breakfast options . one of our members said : `` the broken egg cafe off ballanytyne commons has been a safe place for us . ( p tn ) . the manager will work with you to prepare in separate pans . we 've had pancakes , bacon , eggs , hash brown potato cubes , boniest here '' thank you for taking food allergies so seriously , it 's appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really like the variety in the menu at this place . plenty of seating and the waiter kept my coffee cup full and checked in enough to be helpful and not annoying . i had the lobster & brie omelet and it was cooked firm , the brie nicely melted and the lobster in chunks big enough to get good flavor . i 'll be adding this place to my breakfast rotation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in on a saturday morning pretty early and got seated with no wait at all . started out with some beignets which were not really all that great prob would not order them again , just not what you are expecting when you think of beignets . otherwise everything else was great ! waiter was friendly and food didnt take long place started to fill up after we placed our orders . we got the cinnamon roll french toast ... ..man talk about good ! also a veggie omelet will be back for sure to try something else", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband used to really enjoy going to skillets , and we finally made it out to another broken egg cafe a few weekends ago . i ordered an omelet that had chorizo and something else in it . whatever it was , it sounded delicious on the menu . the omelet itself though , was not as delicious . the chorizo was like a chili meat ... not the breakfast sausage i was looking for . i do n't remember what my husband ordered , but i do remember he thought it was just okay . in the end , we both decided that terrace cafe is so much better for about the same price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favorite breakfast place in all of charlotte area . everything on the menu has a unique twist on breakfast staples . servers are helpful and friendly . i really love that you can give the hostess your number when there is a wait and they text you when your table is ready . i really recommend the cinnamon roll french toast . it is amazing ! ! ! also their house hot sauce is delicious . the restaurant is decorated very tastefully and feels very homey .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ok. way too expensive for the mediocre food you get . there 's not much else to say . i would say cracker barrel is three times better and five times cheaper . also , slow kitchen here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had been hesitant to try this place because of the mixed reviews . the food and the waitress were both stellar . the 20 year old host seating everyone had zero personality . he stared with a blank look , jaw slightly dropped as i walked up , then waited for me to speak . definitely not the best greeter . my omelet was perfect , the `` hey lucy '' i believe . i did a substitution of the side and they charged me nothing extra . the food was fast , hot , and had all the accompanying ( butter , salsa , etc ) right there in good size containers . it is not a cheap place . $ 2.69 for coffee . the waitress did keep it filled for me . overall , i will be back , but i do n't see this as a regular morning stop . they seem to cater to the breakfast meeting crowd or the 10:00am breakfast with a bloody mary crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first time eating here . i ordered an omelette which was absolutely superb ! the potatoes were perfect ! crisp on the outside and fluffy inside . that with my sweet tea will set you back $ 12 so to save a few bucks i 'll just get water next time . the service was also very good and the food itself is worth the price . i hope my next visit is just as positive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service and staff was fine friendly . however , our bill was $ 54 for 4 people ( 2 adults and 2 children ) . this place is way over priced ! ! the food was very average and not unique and for it to be that expensive for breakfast it should have been . this place is just to much money for breakfast food . we do n't mind spending money on food but it has to be good and this just was not very good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the service here was pathetic , does n't matter how good or bad the food is if it takes an hour to get it after you order it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "loved this place ! a little pricey but the menu variety and food were the difference ! the atmosphere and unique table settings add to the experience - but mainly the food- all of it was wonderful ! great place to enjoy breakfast or lunch ! not your average eggs & bacon joint ... lots of wonderful unique dishes ! and by the way - their dishes were all too cute ! loved the coffee cups ! do n't miss this place ! two thumbs way up", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow is the word that comes to mind . we had salads for lunch and they rocked . not at all what you expect from a place with a name like this . can not wait to go back and try something new .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was absolutely fabulous ! ! ! we had the lobster and brie omlette , crab cakes and fried green tomatoes and french toast . our waitress recommended the city grits and i 'm delighted she did ! they were incredible ! our waitress was awesome ! we will be back ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "encouraged by an interesting menu , i wanted to give them another opportunity since my last visit their a few months ago . i wo n't be back for a third time . as was consistent with my first experience , the service was poor including earning the attention of the server , the accuracy of our order , and the quality of the food . once we were approached by a server she took our drink orders and returned with three out four drinks as correct . additionally , she provided my 6 year-old daughter a large , adult cup rather than one with a top . once our food arrived , my wife and i both noted ours was very cold ( but was supposed to be hot ) . my order was incorrect and when pointed out to the server , she returned with the wrong side item again yet charged me for the higher priced side item i did n't receive . frankly , i 'm shocked they remain in business given what i expect is a consistent experience for other patrons . i know with certainty that i will not visit this restaurant again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waited over 40 minutes for an omelette . food was good , but not worth the price . and definitely not worth the wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service , crispy bacon , oatmeal stayed hot entire meal , fresh fruit . only complaint was potatoes were to salty . will be back..emily e was our fantastic server .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great weekday breakfast for the companies nearby - service has always been pretty good and coffee is good ! ! ! they offer mini beignets which are `` ok '' - but i 'd suggest skipping and ordering your meal - it comes quick , so there 's no need for the `` breakfast appetizer '' ; ) i think some of the staff came from briggs , which is good - i always loved that place . i 've never ordered the gluten free pancake here , but i hear it 's fantastic - i always get the oh-so-reliable omelette ... . tasty and hot ! my son ( toddler ) gets the oatmeal and eats every last bite ( it 's the good oatmeal - none of that quick oats nonsense !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was delicious ! even for sunday brunch and with a wait , it was so worth it ! great serious with delicious food ! ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place received some questionable reviews in a few of the local rags ... .let me tell they were wrong . this place has awesome food and the service has always been outstanding . highly recommend the huevos rancheros with chorizo . one way ticket to flavor town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is an upgrade from your normal breakfast fare , but delicious . if you want your normal eggs and bacon , this is n't your best option . the grits are stone ground . service above average . a little too cold and i 'm hot natured .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , yummy food , and honest people . i left my wallet there yesterday with lots of cash and called today and they had it there waiting for me untouched . thank you , thank you , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get the cinnamon roll french toast with mixed berries ! ! amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic smoked salmon and pouched eggs on a bagel with cream cheese and cr\u00eapes . fantastic taste and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could add an extra half star as it really deserves a bit more then 3 . we waited almost 50 minutes to be seated then another 15 for water or coffee . it was very cold inside and prices for what is was , a bit high . i got the skinny omelet which was okay but i asked for no cheese and got cheese anyway . i mentioned it to the server and my meal was comped , which earns hen a star i think . the pancakes were generously sized and good according to the other guests , coffee a bit dull , but nice fruit . would n't really recommend it but do appreciate the professionalism of coming the meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is hit or miss . today 's was definitely a miss . food is typically okay . breakfast this morning was so overly salted it made us both sick to our stomachs . nothing needs that much salt . complained to the staff . no manager in sight . our last time there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were in town visiting from new york and a friend referred us here . so glad we came here ! great atmosphere , amazing staff and service , delicious food ! we were in town househunting and will hopefully make this one of our regular breakfast spots when we move !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't try the lemon poppyseed french toast ! it 's sara lee type pound cake grilled on one side with poppyseeds sprinkled on top . keep you $ 11.99 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very excited to try this place as we had never been before . this location is huge and we had no wait for a table this sunday morning . our waitress was efficient and friendly . the food was excellent and no complaints at all . the biscuit beignets were out of this world served warm with homemade marmalade . it was the favorite part of our entire meal but not free so you have to pay for them ( i would eat the whole plate myself if they were free ) . hubby went with the floridian omelet that comes with breakfast potatoes . he had a side of andouille sausage and was very pleased with his meal . i went all out and had the cinnamon roll french toast , which was delicious as well . the hand glazed mugs they use for coffee are very cute and you can purchase them . my only complaint is that it was a very expensive breakfast with the sides we ordered , and not something we would do all of the time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in the area and wanted some breakfast and felt like going somewhere other than waffle house or ihop . my server was really nice , and actually started a conversation with me ; probably since i was alone at the bar . i ordered the hey lucy omelette which had breakfast chorizo , avocado , and cheddar cheese . it was served with sour cream and salsa on the side , and also an english muffin . i had the choice of potatoes or grits . honestly , i had a higher expectation for the food but it was still good.the only issue i had which is unorthodox was the speed that my food came out . yes , it was warm but it was just a flag to me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great brunch place in charlotte ! i was completely satisfied with my meal and the service was nice ! i recommend the bacon and cream cheese omelet ! wear a sweater though because the restaurant was chilly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food and service was great ! everything was very fresh tasting and cooked perfectly . our server was very attentive and helpful when we had questions . definitely one of my go to breakfast places in ballantyne .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious ! ! ! this was our first time here and omg , it was divine ! we ordered : smoked salmon eggs benedict - 5 star dish , shrimp and grits - 5 star as well ... .flavorful and the portions are just right . we also got the lobster omelette w. brie -- i did n't love it , but that 's simply because it is n't my kind of dish , but the young lady who ordered it truly enjoyed it ! do try this place , you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay i have to admit upfront that i was not overly excited about trying yet another unspectacular chain breakfast restaurant and did not have the highest of expectations walking in here mid-morning on a tuesday . i did so thanks to a bogo coupon . i ordered the salmon & raw kale salad and it was surprisingly good . the ample serving of salmon steak was both seasoned and cooked well . the light dressing over the kale was sweet and tangy however i did encounter a few pieces with brown spots . avoiding such is always a challenge with kale even at home . my buddy ordered the sausage chorizo omelet with hash browns . despite being a bit dry it was acceptable and plentiful . service was fair as waitress seemed young and inexperienced . atmosphere was relaxed and attractive . it did exceed my expectations but in this case that means it was just fair to good . glad i tried it but probably wo n't be back simply because there are just too many better options .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "walked in around 11 on a thursday morning and the place was pretty full . i think they were understaffed or something because the service was annoyingly slow . i think we saw our waiter 3 times during the entire meal . we spent more time waiting for the food and later the check than actually eating . i ordered coffee , and the mug was cute , but the coffee was very average - definitely not worth $ 2.69 . i also never got a refill : ( i ordered the hey lucy omelette because i saw the word avocado listed as an ingredient . it was n't bad but could have used more filling ( i tasted maybe two slices of avocado ? sad . ) they were pretty generous with the layer of cheese on top though . the overall portion size was great . the omelette came with toasted english muffin and potatoes . i might come back when i feel like spending $ 16 on subpar service and slightly above average food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and bright environment . happy workers . service was great . full belly . great place to try if you have n't already . cost is 10-15 per person . good amount of food for price . our new fav breakfast joint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices here are in sane these people are crazy for the amount of money they charge for eggs i would not recommend this place to anybody it is highly over priced it is so expensive money money money money it is expensive bring a lot of money money money money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really great brunch spot - they have a spicy bloody mary and delicious eggs benedict ! what more do you need ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had their gravy and biscuit plate and their valentines special dish of chicken and waffles and both were awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's been 45 minutes and they have n't served us our food . we noticed everyone around us who sat after us was being served . when asked why it was taking so long , the waitress said because our party was so large . we have 7 people ... . considering walking out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you 're expecting the broken egg experience as found in destin , you 'll be disappointed . my eggs for eggs benedict were overcooked , and the potatoes were straight from a bag in the freezer ( unlike destin where they were prepared in house ) . service was good and food was okay , but definitely not what i was expecting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place . the menu sounds fantastic . unfortunately , that 's where it stops . i had the crab cake benedict . it was so fishy it was n't edible . my wife had regular eggs benedict . the poached eggs were cooked completely through , solid yokes . potatoes that come on the side are completely bland . i guess i know why we were able to get a table on sunday morning so quickly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great brunch ! ! ate here after running a 10 mile race in charlotte ! they make a very good mimosa ! my friend enjoyed his bloody mary . i got the lakeshore scramble , which was amazing ! the hashbrown potatoes that come as a side were browned and crispy . : ) it was a lot of food for the price you pay ! i would definitely recommend eating breakfast here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst experience i have had in a restaurant ever ! i am a former server . from seating down at the breakfast bar to leaving the restaurant was bad ! 1.service was really bad 2.watch other people order after me and get their food before me 3.the food was n't that great . i got a omelet and a pancake that i never got syrup for . the girts were nasty . 4.watch expo touch dirty dishes with gloves on and went back to the window pulling out people food to go out to tables . never change his gloves ! 5.watched my server be on his cell phone only a few feet away from me . also saw him take food that was made wong from the window and sit it to the side and use his hand and shove the food in his mouth . there was so many other things i witness while being in that restaurant i will never step foot in this place to eat ever again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on a friday morning and was seated immediately . i had the super omelette with potatoes and grits . everything was great , well seasoned . the grits were nice and creamy . my date had the crab cakes and fried tomatoes , my food was so good that i forgot to ask her how the crab cakes were . the fried green tomatoes were so sweet and the breeding was perfect . we received good portions of everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent meal . after a few appointments this morning my mom and i decided to try this place just up the street from where she lives . well it did not disappoint . we enjoyed pancakes , eggs and turkey sausage and the city grits ( oooh ! ! ! the bacon bits added a sumptuous flavor ) . best grits i 've had to date in charlotte . great hot coffee too . i love the bright decor . service was great as well with smiling attendants . i 'm sure going on a sat . or sun . you 'd have a bit of a wait , but if you can stop in after the morning rush hour , it 's heavenly . it 's my new favorite breakfast spot and we ca n't wait to visit again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummo ! ! favorite breakfast so far ! you must order the city grits ! ! ! unreal . so delicious and creamy , with just enough cheese and theyre topped with bacon pieces , scallions , and diced tomatoes . omg ! the biscuits and gravy were to die for . flavorful gravy and nice pieces of sausage on theit fluffy biscuit . my bf had some the hey lucy omelette loaded with cheese and chorizo and and came with sour cream . he said it was delish ! ! . coffee was n't great , but i 'm having a hard time finding good coffee anywhere except terrace caf\u00e9 . but , i will be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i decided to come in for a late breakfast . the staff was amazing ! especially our waitress eloisa . her accent is adorable but her service was exceptional . the food came out perfectly delicious ! definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is excellent . and it was not congested like the usual saturday morning restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extraordinary quality and great service . bacon perfect , eggs perfect , english muffin perfect . my favorite , though , was the grits . best i 've ever had . coffee was okay ; a little strong for my tastes . i highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first let me say ... i love breakfast ! so i was very excited to try this place . i ordered two eggs sunny side up ... they were not sunny but i like eggs any way you can cook them so that was ok . they do n't have any wheat bread so the multi grain was very good . the fresh oj was awesome , bacon was crispy just liked i asked and the grits came with blackberries if you wanted . of course , i like trying new things so i had blackberry grits ... the salty sweet taste was wonderful ! ! so overall under $ 15.00 ... the oj was almost $ 4.00 so not so bad . i will be back . they open at 7:00am ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first impression was good . smoked salmon benedict was a cool concept over all decent taste but salmon alone was disappointing . if your going to serve salmon it has to be good quality . we dined outside and enjoyed mimosas . good atmosphere . it 's good , it 's not toast good though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to start off by saying this , i do n't really do breakfast . because of that , when my family does breakfast , it is a large group of people ( 15+ ) that descend upon a restaurant and cause havoc for everyone involved . with that being said , i found abe a very nice break from the normal restaurant feel . upon walking into the restaurant , you realize that there are several rooms spread about the interior , giving a smaller restaurant feel when you are seated . the menu is a little limited , however every one of the offerings we had were nicely prepared and seasoned properly . the menu prices seemed a little on the steep side for breakfast , but as the food came out , i realized that the serving sizes were appropriate for the pricing . all in all , everyone was quite pleased with the food that they received , and was extremely happy with the staff that took care of us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the cosy , home-y atmosphere . great place to relax and have some nice comfort food , like sausage gravy biscuits with potatoes and eggs . i got the chobani tuile bowl - a bowl made out of a cookie filled with yogurt and fruit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would have given oven and vine four stars but i picked up a sandwich to go and got back to my desk to find it missing an ingredient . i ordered the veggie sandwich . the bread , which is supposed to be housemade , was fantastic . roast veggies pleasant . but i did not taste an mozzarella cheese nor did i see it . that was a factor in my order decision . since i walked there and back , why use up more energy to go back just for that ? just hate every time i order , i may have to double-check everything . but i 've dined in here before and the chicken lasagne was tasty and comforting . they also have delicious stews . and the people are nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a number of times now , and have yet to be disappointed . since it is only a 2 minute walk from my house , it has become my new default restaurant when i do n't feel like cooking . there is enough on the menu to satisfy almost any taste : apps , salads , sandwiches , pizzas , warm plates ... . they have a great wine and beer menu , and everything i 've had comes out at the right temperature , the right amount of head , in the proper glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it started with two ... then a third joined in ... by the end of the night there were five of us sitting around a table that was fitting for maybe three people . we sat outside from dusk to the darkness of night laughing and carrying on as if we were in our own backyard . it was a monday night so happy hour was light . the waitstaff did not seem to mind how we went on and on eating up our prosciutto rustico , manchego and burrata mozzarella platter with fresh baked bread . and the beer went well with everything . there was n't a bad choice on the list . but oh what a night to live again because for just a minute life was as simple and delicious as the food that was sitting on our plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this family-owned business has gone through a metamorphosis and the result is impressive . the food was delicious and paired well with the large selection of wine from different regions . i tried the burrata with fresh bread for the first time and i ca n't even explain how delicious it was . i kept thinking about it after . we also had a pesto and prosciutto flatbread that was amazing . every dish is baked in the huge brick oven you see in the kitchen . simple but ingenious . i definitely recommend that you stop in if you 're in the phoenix area . michelle and dylan are genuine restaurateurs with a true passion in combining excellent cuisine and making you feel as if you 're in company of long-time friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our `` home '' restaurant . walk to , friendly , food is awesome and personal service is incredible . great music , patio , and likely to run into a neighbor or meet a new friend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the burrata and the earl ? ! both are big hits in my book ! ! ! fresh and delicious ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this has to be one of my new favorite places ! with outdoor seating it makes for a great hangout after work . i plan to be a regular ! the flatbreads are great and the wind and beers on tap are delightful . i highly recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well thought out beer selection . the `` italian combo '' flatbread pizza i had was very nice . met the young lady that owns the place , and she 's a sweetheart . super relaxed atmosphere . i 'd be eating here regularly if i lived nearby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "still 5 . feels like home . also , bacontarian sandwich . get it . top 5 sandwich of my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome location . this is the definition of hidden gem . they even have a fire-pit and chairs for outdoor service . another excellent addition to downtown phoenix 's urbanite food scene . menu has salads , charcuterie , flatbreads , pasta , and sandwiches . staff was attentive and engaging . awesome chill spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool place to dine ! food was excellent ! would definitely visit again when i 'm in phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a fun place ! we had great service and the kids loved the lawn games . pasta was not great but everything else was top notch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very charming place , our server was friendly and did n't rush us as we were taking a lil bit of time deciding what to order . we ordered the cheese plate , pork with green chili and ravioli . pasta was just ok but pork chili was very good and great wine and cheese selections .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! i had researched the location prior to going so it was n't difficult to find , and it 's in such a great spot ! we had no trouble parking ( although as word gets out about this place i imagine that will change ) and we were greeted warmly by the owner upon arriving . the ambiance is cozy and inviting , and as they continue to develop the space it will only get better ! my friend had the grilled vegetable salad and i had the proscuitto and pesto flatbread - both quite delicious ! the salad came without the chicken on it that my friend had ordered , and to make up for it we were given the most delicious tiramisu for dessert ... did n't have to twist our arms much to take that ! perfect place for lunch as the service was quick , the prices were reasonable and the food was fabulous ! looking forward to returning , and when the weather cools off this place could be a regular hangout for outdoor meals and happy hours !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only stopped by for a quick bite to eat , however , was very impressed ! great atmosphere as we walked in . quick and prompt service once we sat down . we decided to order the green chili pork and the prosciutto pesto flatbread . meals came with their homemade bread . everything we ordered was absolutely delicious , although pork was a little spicer than expected . 4 start due to not knowing anything about their drinks or happy hour . would love to go back and try it again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oven and vine was awesome ! a great experience from the start to the finish . i knew that dylan and michelle had opened a new restaurant ( they used to have portlands , a place that i dearly loved ) but i was not sure where it was located . i was so excited when some friends of mine took me to oven and vine this week and it was their new place . i had the green chili pork , it was amazing ! ! our server was very attentive , friendly and prompt . food was not only great , but hot and attractive presentation . i will most definately be returning to oven and vine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great atmosphere , wonderful high quality food and most importantly , solid wine selection . tried the ribs that had a southwest tangy sauce and had a side of au gratin potatoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an awesome little restaurant . i had the braised beef which is perfect . got the au gratin potatoes ( delicious ) and it came with bread ( buttered , sliced , fresh rosemary and sea salt ! ! ) selected the `` stand out '' wine - lovely . i arrived early and they graciously allowed me to plug in and write a report as i whiled away the hours . can i say , the music was also very fun ? ! loved this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 3rd time visiting oven+vine when in phoenix and it never fails to disappoint . the food is fantastic and i really enjoy their unusual wine selections . the outdoor space is unique . i 'll definitely continue to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing place ! hidden away off the main drag , but that 's the greatest part about it . this place is in a cute historic home . the ambiance and atmosphere is outstanding and perfect for a quiet night out . the service was great and the food was outstanding . i ordered the roasted vegetable salad and au gratin potatoes . the salad was full of flavor and quite delicious . the potatoes were out of this world , best au gratin potatoes i have ever had . i will definitely return when i am in the area as there were many other delicious items on the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is set in a charming old home . the food was delicious and affordable -- perhaps smaller portions than you will find elsewhere -- but delicious nonetheless !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hidden gem needs to be discovered ! we had great beers and really good food . we had great service . the inside is a good spot to hang out . when the weather is cooler in phoenix the back yard has many outdoor games with seating in in a grass and patio setting .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to try a new place downtown phoenix and read some reviews and heard nothing but great things . i went on a cloudy night and probably about an hour before they closed . not knowing what to expect i was asked if i wanted to sit outside or inside . i chose for outside since it was nice and cloudy outside . they had lights strung above the patio tied between the trees and lawn wooden chairs . i order a darker beer and thought it was great but the waiter said he had a better beer if i loved the one i was drinking and brought me a free sample of another . i had a great time and loved the open seating outside", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oven + vine was the sweet ending to our adventure . we sat at the service bar and so glad we did . we met so many nice people and had great food and drinks . we ordered the cheese and meat platter , the olive appetizer and a flatbread pizza . everything was fantastic ! the owners , michelle and dylan , were super friendly and helpful . they even helped us with directions to the airport . we will definitely stop by again on our next trip to phoenix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting phx for work and found this place on yelp . loved it loved loved loved ... highly recommend this place . i got the italian flatbread . .amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food close to downtown - but not so close that you ca n't get in . plus it 's really close to the light rail , so that 's very handy . food was great ! we started with the roasted vegetables , which were perfect . i had the penne pasta with sausage and homemade marinara sauce ( awesome ) and my friend had the chicken lasagna , which she enjoyed too . bread was fabulous , and our nice glasses of wine really complemented the meal . all in all , a wonderful dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a great place to get good food ad drink and get work done ! highly recommend for business professionals !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visit last night and the food was great . i had the green chili pork and the scalloped potatoes and both were fantastic . the green chili pork reminded me of food from albuquerque ! ! i highly recommend this spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , after watching south park this week , i feel oddly `` dirty '' writing a review ... especially my first ... but i digress ... amazing brunch ... eggs on the flatbread or in the green chili and the french toast ( without the egg on top naturally ) ? ! ? if only it were sunday brunch every day ... seriously though , the staff is great ( they can make or break a meal ) and so is the food . and dinner ? i usually have a favorite meal at a restaurant and i become a creature of habit ordering the same thing over and over ... but i actually rotate through the different meals here - you ca n't go wrong . and the beer and wine selection is great too . do n't go with a big group - just a couple of close friends or family and enjoy ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "charming little place tucked away in dwntn phx . stopped there for lunch and had the best green chili chicken ever ! it is packed with chicken and rich with flavor and complimented with just the right amount of heat . if you like your green chili w heat , then you 'll want to add this to your list of places to try . oh and the potato au gratin is sinfully delicious . i will be back there to try other dishes ... .and the green chili chicken ... .again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality food quality drink every time with a great atmosphere ... it 's easy to forget about this place but i 'm trying to remember not to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this new place . small and quaint but just perfect ! ! ! great food and service . definitely coming back ! food was great and lots of selection of beers and wine . best new spot to try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been coming here since they opened and it has exceeded my expectations every time . excellent food , wine and beer . for those of you that like craft beer , they have a great rotation of lots of different beers . flatbread is my favorite but everything on the menu is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally loved this place . visited while in phoenix for a week for work . super chill and flat breads and charcuterie were delicious . home made bread was sooo amazing . our server was super nice and told us about phoenix and places to visit . great beer selection on tap . just really enjoyed relaxing outside here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and personal attention from valerie . will highly recommend . we got what we needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill did an outstanding job for me . he is professional , honest , and thorough . i would recommend him to anyone looking for an attorney .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "valerie hein hunter represented our son in court on a traffic citation since he was out of town at college . she did an outstanding job and exceeded our expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what happened here , when it opened it had a good selection , it has moved a couple times and i do n't know if they have new owners or what but now it is really more of a collectable place than comic store . the comic selection is terrible , they do n't have very much of anything , and what little they do have is a random assortment of volumes , nothing complete . i have given them multiple chances but every time they do n't have one single thing i need . i guess they just focus more on the action figures than comics , i really like to support a small business but with a selection like that i have no choice but to go online .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "someone told me about this place and it did not disappoint . this place is huge and they have so much stuff ! for my inner fangirl , there was a life-sized thor standee for only $ 35 , which i 'll be going back to get after the gifting-to-others season is over . there were a variety of toys and collectibles , from classic to modern . knick-knacks , trading cards , and a plethora of comic books . somethings were decently priced , others seemed like they were over-priced to me , but i 'm no collectibles expert so those prices may have been in line with the product . there is also a massive museum , in which the owner showcases his extensive collection of all things pop-culture . there 's a fee to enter , but i was in a hurry and did n't inquire about the cost . maybe next time ... when i return for my thor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place 0 stars for their customer service . we were previously under another gym that was bought out by edge , they closed the location we were at with no notice of their closing or new location . we had several attempts to reach someone to cancel account for months . we never received return calls from anyone . after finding out where the location was , my husband went in to cancel account . he was assured that he would no longer be charged their monthly fee and account was canceled as of that day . we were charged again today . after calling again ... i was told that the cancellation was a 30 day notice . i explained situation and was told , there was nothing they could do . they also stated they had been trying to reach us for months ! possibly the worst customer service i have ever experienced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is n't for you if you enjoy doing full body work outs when you go to the gym because during the late mornings or early afternoon this guy love to hog machines by putting his bandana on the handles . he put there at maybe 3 different machines basically calling dibs or `` in use '' by one scumbag who is incapable of sharing or waiting . people here have no manners or any idea how to put their weights away . i 'm 5'4 and 115 pounds , it get tiring having to put away heavy weights for the assholes to ca n't do it themselves . i also wish they had more machines for abdominals , so far i only saw one and it 's not very effective . this review is based on my experience here for half a year , i left my 3 years with lvac for this.. i 'm impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this gym is barely adequate . the equipment is new , but of poor quality . many of bars on the dumbbells are loose . it 's not easy to complete a proper leg workout as the gym has neither a seated or standing calf raise apparatus . the cardio equipment is not of solid quality either . finally , athletic chalk is not allowed at this gym . i am now a member at city athletic club .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "owner has their friend watch the business if they do n't have enough personnel . your required to scan your card individually , but we come in with our gym partners who all have cards . she was getting mad she has to explain everytime . so she was having a conversation with a customer when i over heard her say that every single one of us were fucking retards . so that pissed me off and i got into it with the owners friend . the owner needs to replace her , because of her she may or may not have hurt their business . but i 'm a sergeant in the army and the owner better believe i will not be recommending this gym to my battles . she was acting like she wanted to throw down with me , trying to intimidate me . owners friends please i have seen worse been in worse situations . your just acting like a child", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the gym itself is ok , but the business practice is shady . we signed up to this gym awhile back , then found another gym better located for our needs . we went into edge and told the guy at the counter we wanted to end our membership . he looked a bit panicked , and said he could not do that . he gave us a business card of the person we needed to call to handle that . i called that number 7 times . no answer , ever . a recorded message comes on and says messages will not be checked or returned . there is no way to quit this gym , ever . it seems quite the business scam . i finally ended the credit card payments by terminating that credit card account . that 's the extreme measure it takes to stop these crooks from taking your money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is more of a private gym and that 's why i like it , there are always free benches and a lack of people on their cell phones just leaning everywhere !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this gym for 3 months now and i love it . the equipment is new , gym and locker room is clean and neat . i think they offer a good variety of classes right now , hopefully they 'll add more later on . the staff are all friendly , professional and approachable . their prices are great too , which was a big plus for my wife and i . we would definitely recommend edge fitness ( chinatown )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been an edge fitness member for a few months now . it is a very small gym . it does not get too busy often if you go at the right times . there is at most 7 people there at a time . only one squat rack and plenty of treadmills . $ 180 6 months . not bad", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are fraudulent ! we had a contract with a company that closed and they took over the billing without any notice and are charging my credit card a monthly fee and demanding a 30 day cancellation on an account i never opened ! huge cheaters !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here to get a spray tan . upon arrival i was not greeted at all , she did n't even say i 'll be right with you . i understand she is the only one working and the wait is really long . i have things to do so i ended up leaving ... ..i 'll stick with the blue diamond location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this gym ! it 's local , open all day , never crowded like lvac , spacious , and they have monthly memberships with or without a contract . i paid $ 12 for a month membership through groupon , so make sure to check it out ! there are changing rooms , showers , and lockers ; however , there is n't a pool or sauna . the only reason i could n't give this place 5 stars was the lack of cleaning solution disinfectant around the gym . the place itself is very clean , but what am i supposed to do if i get sweat on the equipment , just wipe it off with a towel ? that 's not very sanitary..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this gym is great ! i like the way the weights are separated from the cardio area ( treadmills , elliptical , etc ... ) there are plenty of treadmills to choose from as well ( i think like 15 ) and the music is n't as loud as the location at mountains edge . there are a lot of machines to choose from , and the dumbbells have enough weight that i do n't think i will ever have a need for more ! ! the only cons i have is , it 's very dirty ! it could be the members , but there 's always towels lying all over the place , a lot of time there are no wipes to clean the machines off when you 're done , and the women 's bathroom seems to always be out of tp ! ugh ! oher than that , i really like this gym . =o )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has everything one needs to work out . it is very clean , the staff is helpful and the prices are excellent . the only thing i could recommend is more classes being offered .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had this membership for 3 months , only used it a couple weeks . small private gym , it 's clean and organized , not many amenities outside of locker room with showers and a group class room that 's available for personal use when no classes are in session . its a good price for the quality of the gym . well kept . may not be the most informed member since i only used their gym for two weeks but that 's my impression for what it 's worth", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like everyone else that goes here , i come to work out . the selection is limited compared to most other gyms , but at its core , its got everything one would need to get there body right . its lacking in certain aspects , but it is what you make of it . i 'll continue to work out here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "spray tan is awful ! ! 1st time was fine . 2nd one they ran out of the medium color so i opted for dark . 2 days later after another shower - my upper chest & inner thighs were orange . my arms and outside thighs were as white as when i went there . i look like one big stripe . very uneven tanning and would n't try it again after this groupon expires ! make sure you know the machine is working properly before you go in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give no stars i would . i signed up because `` i had to '' for a groupon redemption and they charged me soon after like i signed up for a member ship . it 's been months and i still have n't been reimbursed and they have n't contacted me back by email . just horrible smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after my last review i was able to visit the location and talk to whitney , the new manager . she is easily the kindest , most helpful person i 've been in contact with at this location . her boss , however , is very difficult but going to the club you will deal with her directly and are guaranteed a warm experience . jason justin ( he manages the three clubs ) may not be great but at least he was smart enough to hire someone with excellent customer service ! she 's making sure the matter is dealt with and that i 'll be refunded all the money that i 'm due . thank you whitney !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been a member since 2014 as my second gym besides lvac and now their charging and maintenance fees because they are to cheap to pay for repairs and upgrades that the owner should pay for not have the charges forwarded to the members . when i called to ask why i 'm being charged and told them i did n't give them permission to bill me they stated in in your contact that if we ever decide to charge for maintenance fees we can and if you do n't pay we will just send you to collections and it will go on your credit score so because of this i 'm canceling my membership . screw edge fitness ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "raised my gym membership fees without being advised of the change . i called to dispute the $ 3 raise in my membership , all i got was bs from the gym . be careful when signing i was told they can raise up to 45 dollars before having to notify members . be careful when signing if i am going to pay 20 dollars month to use the gym i rather go to lvac where they have more machines .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this gym is disgusting . i 've never seen a single cleaner here and it really shows . yes there 's hard after in las vegas but their water fountain is absolutely disgusting and it shows . their urinal is closed in the men 's room and the smell of shit is seeping out into the main fitness area . they do have a full lifting rack which is great but this is a small overpriced gym for lifters . there 's roughly 6 treadmills 4 elliptical 3 stair steppers which is cool and the dumbbells go up high enough to fit anyone 's needs ( 200 lbs ) but i 'm sorry i can not go back this place is utterly disgusting . my girlfriend when she goes without me gets lots of inappropriate looks . i can not recommend this gym to anyone . get your shit together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want to be treated like a # instead of a human being , join this club . i joined lifestyle fitness and two weeks later they told me they were closing their gym . anthony told me that edge fitness would honor my contract for the same price , i told him i was n't interested and i told him i 'd already signed up with yaks . a year later i get a call from edge telling me i was late on my payment , i told them i 've never stepped foot in your gym and they said read your contract . so the moral of the story ... . i paid for a year without using it and i take some blame for not looking at the statement or understanding the bs contract . now they want me to give 30 day notice , i 've tried to contact the district manager with no repay . i went down and signed cancelation notice and they 're still hounding me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go to edge for their tanning & i have not been disappointed ! i found a groupon for one month of unlimited tans for $ 18 , so i called the gym to confirm that they would honor that price . when i came in with my best friend to purchase it , we were greeted immediately by the manager and she assisted us in signing up . not only did she honor the groupon price , she gave us 2 months of tanning for $ 18 ! an entire month free ! she was such a sweetheart . the beds themselves are really nice , there are no burnt out bulbs & all the fans work . you have the option of standup or lay down , and a few different levels ( 3-5 ) . i 've never had to wait for a bed since this gym is quietly tucked away ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "9 minutes . that is how long it took from the time i entered the door to the time i left the door with tags for two vehicles . still flabbergasted . rock on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the place to go if you need something done with your vehicle documentation . perhaps it is because of the location , i do n't know , but there is rarely a line here . the staff is friendly , and not just for a dmv-type location . you can often walk in and right up to the counter without waiting at all . perhaps this indicates that there is n't actually a problem with these services , it 's merely that the waiting is the hardest part ( apologies to tom petty ) , and makes the whole process miserable . if you go to those other locations , where you are standing in line for what seems like hours , you watch as one person after another goes on break , or you get to watch the same ads cycle on monitors over and over and over again . not here . in , out and done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are the rudest women every at the harrisburg dmv , not sure if because they hate they job are just racist.. i had to called the raleigh office because they refused to help me to resolve selling my bike but finally i just went to a different location that took care of me with a smile . they need more diversity in there and happy employees", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful . glasses were promised in 2 weeks instead of 1 hour , and they are 5 days late and still do n't know where they are . they lie about when they will deliver and then string you along . avoid them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really needed some new glasses , so i headed over to eyemasters on a saturday morning . i was helped right away by kenny , he was so helpful . i told him what i was looking for , he found a pair that i liked in just one try and he recommended upgrading to a better lens based on my prescription . my glasses were ready the same day and the best part ... i can actually see out of them ! ( do n't worry folks , i only wear my glasses around the house ) it was so frustrating not being able to see clearly without tipping my glasses down and looking out the bottom of them . why had no one ever mentioned that my prescription did n't work well with cheap plastic lenses before ? and the best part ... they were having a sale that day where i got both the frames and the lenses for 50 % off ! thanks to kenny & eyemasters i now have glasses that i can actually wear out of the house and not be a danger to society !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wrong rx after first visit . saw a second optometrist who changed it . left store twice after excessively long wait to order and pick up contact lenses . wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the most overpriced place you can go too . i will not go back again . the doctor wrote my contact prescription for multi focal . i still have to use my reading glasses so what 's the point ? oh yeah they cost the most ! i 'm going to costco for a better doctor . avoid them unless you want over priced glasses and contacts", "score": "1"}
{"review": "senwell vegetarian cuisine is a vegetarian restaurant that serves singaporean , malaysian and thai cuisine . lunch specials are $ 5.99 which have a good selections of rice dishes , soup noodles or stir-fried noodles , comes with a soup and a choice of beverages . curry laksa extra spicy was spicy ! there are 2 kind of noodles mixed in and with some tofu puffs . the mock fish balls were a little depressing ... small and tasted funny . the fresh tomato in the soup base was a nice touch ! ! services is really friendly as they just opened and the staffs are willing to please . i will come back to senwell with my hot yoga date and some of my vegetarian friends to try out more items on the menu . but it is great that a `` spicy '' vegetarian restaurant like senwell open up that has a reasonable price in suburbs ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love malaysian food ! and i love vegetarian food . i was quite happy that they opened a new malaysian restaurant in toronto -- truth be told , we need more . my mother and i came here today and we had the nasi lemak and the malaysian curry with mock lamb . i was very impressed by the malaysian curry - it really hit the spot . however , the nasi lemak was on a bit of the disappointing side . with the set lunch , it comes with the lunch and a hot drink ( soy drink or tea milk ) . will definitely come back another time just to try the curry laksa !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend brought me here , with rave reviews . when i finally tried senwell , i was not disappointed . the food was really flavourful and was n't overly saucy . it was especially nice to find a vegetarian restaurant in a cuisine style that is known for being meat-heavy ( and off-limits to vegans ) . the staff was very helpful when giving recommendations . they would alter menu items from vegetarian to vegan if you asked , and then would modify the rest of the order accordingly as well . the menu is rather large , but has helpful little icons to let you know if the food is spicy or contains eggs or nuts . it certainly makes the sifting easier if you have aversions to any of the above . oh , and a little sidenote - spicy means spicy ( not tabasco sauce spicy , but biting into a chili spicy )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : unfortunately this place closed down . hard to stay a float i guess . pity .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty great place if you want vegetarian food that is a bit different from the many traditional chinese-style veggie restaurants in the area . menu is a bit easier to navigate than the usual chinese restaurants with selections ranging from singaporean , thai , and malaysian cuisine . decor is contemporary and flavours are exotic with a greater variety of spices and flavor profiles . i prefer this place over gourmet vegetarian ( the classic spot just across the street ) and lotus pond ( in the midland steeles area ) . this is primarily because of the more unique flavours and less greasy food . staff are friendlier as well . i 'm looking forward to trying the pre-order menu items ( these are items that require advance ordering for whatever reason ) . this is maybe the one gripe that i have with the restaurant , because i rarely plan in advance to come here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little update to my review . i just learned that they do n't use msg after all . also , they do n't use any ingredients from the onion family , so they are dao and buddhist friendly , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this starbucks often not just because it 's close to my work but because their service is fast and very dependable , and at the time i go to work in the morning , i can usually get in and out of there fairly quickly . they have and outdoor patio and it has a coffee bar ! they keep creamer and other coffee essentials stocked a plenty plus their wait staff checks periodically to see if anything needs restocked . i recommend this location whenever you may be in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this starbucks location just opened a couple weeks ago about 1 minute from my house but yesterday was the first time i actually made a trip by . i used the drive thru and the person asked right away what they could get for me and repeated my order back to me to make sure it was right , which it was . when i pulled up to the window the girl there was super friendly with a big smile which always puts me in a good mood . my drink was ready right away and i was on my merry way . i will definitely be making this starbucks a part of my routine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm pretty much here every morning ... even jumped a few curbs and did a few illegal things to get in the drive thru line . yes , i have a green tea addiction..guilty . always really quick here both in the drive thru and if you get out and walk up to the window you get fast service as well . tip : if you need ur caffeine in the morning and you are usually in a rush you might want to give yourself 10 extra minutes and get here no later than 7:05am- after that traffic and feigns get crazy ! trust me i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got ta love a hot cup of joe ! this location is super convenient as it is on the way to work , had a drive thru , and has outdoor seating if you want to hang out for a bit . my only issue with this location is that the lines get long and the parking lot is tight to navigate . otherwise , it 's a solid location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give this place a zero , i would . the service was beyond terrible . and when we asked for a decaf drink she sounded really sarcastic . i would be a bit understanding of the rudeness if it were busy , but there was no one here . and in the middle of taking our order she just walked away to say hi to a coworker walking in . our barrista was sherry ( store manager ) and when our drinks were finally ready she all but threw them at us . i asked if she knew for sure if it was decaf and was completely unsure . and as she closed the window she proceeded to talk bad about my decaf order . never coming back ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after over two years of ordering the samething at the same location can they not get it right . when i say 5 ice cubes it is not light ice . i want 5 ice cubes . six or seven is ok. light ice is not 5 ice cubes . please listen to the customer . we spend way to much money at starbucks to have anything less than the best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come to this starbucks in the morning before work because it 's the only one on my way . and every day i regret it . service is sooooooooo slow order a small cup of coffee and it takes 15 min for them to make it through the drive thru .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i started going to this starbucks because it was close to my parents and has a drive up- but be careful because nearly 1 2 the time my order is messed up . the use whole milk when i ask for skim , they sweeten why i ask for unsweetened - i end up throwing many drinks from this location !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have since been back several times and this location has definitely redeemed itself . friendly staff , quick and accurate service . way to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bitch for a barista . gave me an attitude who i asked a simple question . will opt to go to other starbucks every time now . june 2016 : it had been 3+ months , and i tried to give this location another shot . still feel like the service was lacking and that the staff was not friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i keep trying this location because it is the closest drive thru , but they just ca n't figure it out.my american never tastes right , even after having it remade.yuk ! worth the trip to ray mclintock ... always on point .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love that the location is outside . a great spot to get fresh air and enjoy the cool arizona mornings . the restroom has a code lock on it . the code is 5636 . the misters are perfect in the summer . the wi-fi at this location is also great . it is one of the stores with google fiber .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fastest starbucks ever . they are so efficient , communicative and very nice here . they all need raises .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is nice and the service is great . onetime when there was a bit of a wait ( not even that long ) they gave me my coffee for free ! it was a nice gesture and i 've now made this my go-to starbucks on my way to work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always super fast , whether you walk up or drive through . i love this location . very friendly and polite service makes for a great experience every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to be my favorite starbucks . im a daily customer . i always order a chocolate milk for my daughter ... . whenever i ask for a flat lid ( she is 2 and messy ) they make it a point to mention that it always comes with a flat lid . when i do not ask for it ... .. it is not in a flat lid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today was my first day at this starbucks location and i 've got to tell you it is very hard to give a review for a place when they do not even acknowledge that they have a customer standing outside waiting for them to open the window . this should be basic customer service that if you are busy you at least acknowledge someone who has walked up and tell them you will be with them in a minute . this is actually really giving them the benefit of the doubt as i do n't think there was but one or two cars in the drive thru and there was nobody else outside where i was ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "because of this location 's area , it 's busy a majority of mornings as it is a drive-through walk-up location . however . if you fancy a morning stroll or you 're on your way somewhere and desire a pick-me-up , this is a good place to do so . they always provide prompt , friendly service , and their drinks comply with the already-appreciated starbucks standards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have tried . it 's at a convenient spot , but so are other starbucks or go to dutch brothers or einstein 's . .this location ... they ca n't get an order right to save their life . a simple coffee with cream ... and a plain toasted bagel ... apparently it takes a lot of concentration as they can '' t `` hang out '' and take orders at the same time . my advice ? keep driving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to get a quick fix . friendly staff and usually pretty fast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible quality control ! ! last two times going there ... messed up a single order ! ! carmel macchiato ... no carmel this morning last time vannila latte ! ! my girl was pissed off ! ! ! like seriously how freaking hard is it to follow a order ? ? ? how bout less time trying to be fake cheery and more time spent of correct food idiots ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time at this location , and my experience definitely made sure it wo n't be the last . the person who took my order was very friendly , definitely a good thing on a monday morning before caffeine . when i arrived at the window , my drink was ready , so i was in and out - with a perfectly blended frapp to boot ! i would highly recommend this one : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people are nice , but drink mistakes are often . usually i would n't mind but sometimes i really need the espresso over the diluted iced coffee . just not the best location to stop before work :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i go here monday through friday religiously . the service is usually fast and my order has never been wrong . the morning crew are awesome.the only time i really have to wait is when that dumb broad in front of me is doing her makeup in her car and not paying attention , happened several times .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always tasty here and the food is fresh . staff are pleasant and , while the chips may not be the biggest portion in the world , there 's enough - and they do a larger portion for days when you 're hungry . only downside is the mushy peas and gravy are n't quite the same as in lancashire but that 's my personal taste .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a craving for ham and pineapple pizza , aka hawaii . usually i order pizzas from la favorita , but i wanted to try something different as i was in a `` no frills '' mood and did n't care if the pizza was 'hand stretched and cooked in a log fire oven ' or whatever . i just wanted a plain hawaii pizza and fairly quickly as well . and that is what i got at pierinos . i paid \u00a37.70 for a medium ( 12 '' ) pizza and after about a 10 min wait , the pizza was ready and i strolled home to eat my dinner . well , i was n't disappointed . the pizza was tasty and just right - basic stuff but just what i needed then . i 'm definitely going to revisit pierinos again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food but service has gone downhill , i ordered a fish supper yesterday and got a fish on top of 'literally ' 17 chips . they were n't big chips either . a bit annoyed . ketchup was 20p a sashe as well , lame .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "any chip shop can be a hit or a miss , depending on when you go in but this chippy is genrally ok although they are very skimpy on the chips ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the best fish and chips by far in great britain ! the fish was tender and flaky , the chips perfectly salted . my daughter and her bf had the pizza . it was like ny style - lite sauce , floppy crust and slightly greasy devious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just as good as the first time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is your standard chinese bbq place . it 's in a fairly old fading strip mall . there 's 4 fast food stalls in this `` food court '' . i got the soya sauce chicken on rice . came to about $ 7 , which i think is slightly higher than chinatown or fmp . good portion size .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i tried this place after reading yelp reviews . the place is located in a food court of a small mall , which was queit difficult to locate . the food : i bought duck and pork bbq with rice . the fine lady gave me soup and soya sauce along with it . the bbq meat was crisp outside and juicy and tender towards inside . i like the food they serve and the sevice was very friendly . its not a fancy place , its not very clean kitchen but food is genuinely good and is served in large portions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here after reading the reviews , and i think my hopes were too high . food was just average ( i ordered the roasted pork and barbeque duck rice ) . it was n't especially good nor bad , but i 've definitely had better . i would n't go out of my way to get chinese bbq here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this unassuming little chinese bbq place , located in the `` food mall '' of this asian plaza , offers some of the best bbq roast pork and duck in the gta . perfect crisp on the pork skin . cheap prices and generous portions , and every rice combo comes with vegetables and a side of soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ended up getting the bbq duck with noodles i had doubts about this place since i had no idea it would be a food court . but all in all i did search a good place out and this place definitely did n't disappoint me especially if you have a huge soya sauce chicken craving or even bbq duck . i 'm not too sure about the bbq pork but i 'm sure it 's fantastic too . only one pointer if you 're not into places that are n't too sanitary this will not be the place for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went over too get my bbq fix again..got the roast duck and rice and roast pork for take out ... decent and filling as usual . did i mention i introduce this place too a good other friends of mines..and they all had positive reviews..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply best chinese bbq place in gta . i have been eating here for the past 10 years . price is good and food is good", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is located in a dingey tiny food court in a hidden plaza ... . surprisingly the parking lot is always full and you will likely have to park underground . most of the people here are coming to either maple yip restaurant . or to one of the two dirty rub and tug places here ... i drove to the back looking for parking and saw them fanning out their `` white '' towels . anyways the food is below average .. the roast pork skin was not crispy at all.. hard and chewy like it was a day old . the actual pork tasted good though.. but the skin was pure fail . the roast duck skin was once again a fail.. soggy and not crispy . and they charge 35 cents for green onion and ginger ... this food court cost more than the one closer to agincourt across the street . i will likely never return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kelly m. is amazing ! ! i 'm so sad i 'm moving when i finally found a stylist that does hair right . she took her time and explained every step she was doing . i was nervous getting color and a brazilian blowout before my wedding , but i 'm so happy i went to her ! ! i seriously have n't stopped getting compliments and i really feel like she genuinely cared about making my hair better than before . and she was as nice sweet as she was professional ! definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kind of a coincidence oh how i found this place . i was looking for a new hairdresser and came to sola salons to see what this place was about . kelly happen to be walking in as i was trying to find a hairdresser . we ended up going over to her salon and sat and talked about my hair , set me up with an appointment and did such an amazing cut with a split end treatment . i went back to have her fix the color another salon had messed up . and i was so excited with how well she matched the picture i had shown her . i thought i was n't able to find someone i could trust as many others have either dried out my hair or cut it wrong . but she made me feel at ease and utterly comfortable . kelly is amazing and i will continue to go back and have her work on putting my hair back to its original form : beautiful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking to get a mommy makeover after i messed up my hair using a ugly bleach box color ! and my sister who has been going to kelly for some time now referred me to her to fix my ombre and make it blend in with enstensions . kelly did by far the most beautiful well blended ombre i 've ever seen . i 'm satisfied with my new look and very happy . defiantly worth the money & time spent . she 's great to talk to and very mind hearted ! i 'd say more like 10 stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chancery lane is a cute new salon inside sola salon . the british themed decorations were cool and the tea set was a nice touch ! kelly is the owner and stylist and she gave me an awesome haircut . i said , `` make me look like david beckham ! '' she laughed and said `` she 'd do her best ! '' i 'm new to vegas and lucky to find my new stylist on the first try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled across kelly while looking for a new person to do my brazilian blowout being that my prior hairstylist had left town . i bought the groupon and text her right away . she was very eager and got me in right away . i was pleasantly surprised at how cute her little british accents and theme was displayed and it 's a private salon which is always a bonus . i would definitely recommend her as i have gone back now four more times and also have had her touch up my roots . she 's quick , time efficient and puts up with my late self here and there . all in all professional and she keeps updated on products and new techniques .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kelly m. is amazing ! she listened to what i wanted and perfected it ! she 's so sweet and makes sure you 're hair stays heathy ! i would highly recommend her for anyone who wants to get their hair done . she 's the best ! i wanted an ombr\u00e9 and boy she delivered !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met kelly through a friend after i had moved from palm springs and had my hair done by the same person for years . i tried going to a few different people and had some horrible experiences ! i am super picky with how my blonde color comes out . i have natural ash blonde hair which tends to come out yellow , orange or brassy if it 's not bleached and toned the correct way . i told kelly from the get go what i wanted and explained how i wanted my hair to be white platinum blonde , and she did just that ! she listened and had a lot of up to date knowledge on what she was doing . she made me feel comfortable and my hair looked amazing ! kelly is an incredible stylist and i would recommend her to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hope never to need the services of an oral surgeon again , but in case i do i feel better knowing of dr marashi . the doc 's calm competence with the help of his super nice staff transformed what was an inherently painful and `` let me out , i 'm freaking out '' situation into a mildly unpleasant but bearable experience . i 'm not going to pretend that having tongue surgery was `` fun '' but under the circumstances i could have not expected better . thanks", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when my daughter needed to have her impacted wisdom teeth removed , we were referred to dr. marashi by her orthodontist . we were very pleased with the level of care she received . because my daughter suffered from asthma , dr. marashi recommended that the procedure be done at cmc-pineville instead of his office , just in case she had a reaction to the anesthesia or had problems breathing . the pre-op and post-op care was was very good and thankfully there were no problems during the procedure . the swelling afterwards was pretty minimal considering ... and she had no bruising and no other issues . we both felt that dr m and his staff were very professional , helpful , and friendly . i would definitely recommend him for anyone needing a good oral surgeon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little less food than subway for a little higher price -- and worth it because it 's better quality . the massive dining room was deserted -- just me ; i think they do mainly take-out . odd thing to note : the employees all mutter some weird incantation in unison whenever someone enters . it 's spooky . it ca n't be english -- possibly aramaic . i think a retired demonologist and some dusty ancient tomes could shed some light on the matter . service was friendly once the summoning was complete . the atmosphere is the interesting thing here . grungy used firefighting equipment on the walls , lots of red trim , and faux dog-hide table tops . ( seriously . like they skinned a dalmatian . ) a step up from fast-food ambience ... except for the lighting . unpleasantly super bright ! normally , that amount of light from above means you 're about to get probed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent . one of the cleanest and best managed firehouse subs i have ever seen . customer service was amazing- the gm was super nice and suggested the new turkey and cranberry sandwich off of the less than 500 calories menu and it was fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually i think `` subs , meh ... i 'd rather real food , '' but this place has me converted after just one visit . not the best first impression , though . the employees are supposed to welcome you when you walk through the door and they are pathetically bad at it . i assumed they were all sleeping on the job and the food quality would be on par with the greeting , but i was wrong . i had the smokehouse beef and cheddar brisket . i am not usually full after a medium sub , so i also ordered a large . whoa ! the large is probably 16 '' . at $ 8 it 's a steal . the brisket was delicious . i mean , i 'm no snob when it comes to brisket , but i thought it was perfect . very tender , beefy flavor . neither too much nor too little sauce . i was there with three coworkers and every one of them found their sub to be unusually good . i 'm totally pumped about this place . i hope one opens closer to home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i had my first firehouse sub and i must say it was delicious ! when i walked into the establishment i told the worker behind the counter that it was my first time eating at firehouse subs . she was very helpful and explained to me how things worked around there . everything on the menu looked delicious but i decided on the italian sub and it was amazing ! i was surprised to see that the place was very empty however .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visited firehouse subs on a recent trip to cleveland . i had n't been to a firehouse in years -- they are scarce in my neck of the woods -- and i was craving on of their italian subs . as soon as i entered the door , i was taken aback at the size of the dining room . it was huge . every firehouse i 've been to is usually a skinny little joint , with a few chairs lining the walls . the woman who took my order was so pleasant and nice . it was very refreshing . they even offered my little one a plastic firehat to take home . the food : solid . the price : affordable . the size of a medium soda is like a watering hole trough . and they have one of those fancy mix-as-you-wish coke machines , boasting 120 flavor combinations . oh boy . i recommend for a quick lunch break . oh ya - i ca n't forget to mention their array of hot sauces and bbq sauces . nice touch . this place beats the pants of subway . sorry , subway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't work much in the office these days , but try to eat here when i do . i love this place . took my cousin here for his first time and he liked it as well . the place is clean , the food is good , staff is friendly and prices are reasonable . try the chicken bacon ranch . we need one of these is madison .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we drive by this place all the time . decided to finally stop in and check it out . i was thinking glorified subway ... dead wrong..it was incredible . i had the beef brisket , amazing . better than bbq joints , even famous dave 's . you have to try it . you wont regret it . i agree with post below . when you walk in , staff is like in fake hello voice . maybe it should be , hi , firehouse subs , we are hot ! ! lmao seriously , try it . you will like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came with a large group ( 20 ) and the manager and staff busted the orders right out , all with a smile . great place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quality ownership and overall good product . there are a lot places to buy a sub sandwich these days , but i like going here . drink machine rocks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's not your typical pa style messy sub but man it 's the best sub i 've had since i 've moved to ohio . the soup was thick and full of broccoli and the subs were stacked tall . my pictures only show half of what was left because half is all i could manage to eat . i highly recommend this place ; i know i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , nothing spectacular , it 's a sub shop , it was clean , friendly accommodating staff , firehouse type atmosphere , would stop again if in the area , i thought it was better than subway , it 's not a place i would go out of my way for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for almost $ 7 the sub was equivalent in size to two arby 's sliders and comprised of unchewable corned beef grizzle . the most underwhelming sandwich experience of my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today was my first time at firehouse ! never have been before and decided to check it out . cool atmosphere , clean and i love the firehouse theme ! the staff was very friendly and food was out super quick ! i ordered the medium beef and cheddar brisket sub- delicious ! everything was very fresh ! i drive by here all the time but never stopped ! i definitely will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of all the sub shops in mayfield ( and there are quite a few ! ) this one is probably my favorite . the food is consistently fast and fresh . portions are quite large , i do n't think i could finish a large sub by myself but it would be perfect for sharing . i usually get a brisket and cheddar sandwich which comes out hot and delicious , with nice bbq sauce and cheese . i 've tried a few of their other hot subs and they are all pretty good . service is fast and friendly and they have a coke freestyle machine . fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is consistently good just like any other location . however , their online ordering system was broken , so the order we placed was not ready and they could not retrieve it , despite me having a receipt in hand . wow , in this day and age , would n't it have been nice to get a heads up that the system is not working ? i am not sure if the management of this location is to blame for the technical glitch or corporate , but i am just glad we did n't order delivery ! we also were not comped any portion of the meal for the inconvenience , which in my opinion , is poor manners for any food establishment . likely wo n't return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "better than subway or jj 's . different than dibella 's but i 'd rate them both the same . i usually go for the turkey and bacon sub . i love the variety of hot sauce and who would n't love the coke freestyle machine ? they steam the meat and cheese so it has the perfect temperature on your bun , unlike a microwave or toaster oven . i 've been going to firehouse subs down south for years and i was very excited that one finally came to ne ohio . hopefully it is n't the last .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped in here for a bite the other day . greeted immediately , as usual . clean restaurant and delicious subs . mmmm i love firehouse and this location lived up to the standard .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! . steak n cheese sub was great , the have a lot of salsas and people is great ! . place clean and fast !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great food and service ! friendly staff ! everything on the menu was really good . i usually split the steamer and the italian with my husband . i like how you can pick out your own chips . the coke machine with all the flavors", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been disappointed at a firehouse subs . the restaurants are always clean , the quality and consistency of the food is very good , and the soda machine maker ( over 100 flavors ) is good fun . they 're not the biggest or best subs in town , but they are very tastey and a nice change-of-pace from time-to-time ( particularly when you have a craving for a vanilla-cherry diet coke ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first experience at a firehouse sub shop . great customer service and the store was really clean . i ordered the grilled chicken chopped salad and it was very fresh and a great size for the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timer . super friendly . went over the menu . made suggestions . toasted bread , hot meats . salads . smells delicious ! like hot sauce ? zillions of bottles to choose from . dining room is a fun firehouse decor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "asked the salesperson what type of paint and or primer should be used on exterior bricks . his response ? i do n't know ; i 've never painted before . he then directed me to a co-worker chatting on his cell phone and said maybe when he gets off he can help . riiiiiight . you have great paint , but i 'd rather rely on home depot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is the worst ! the wife and i came in to buy paint and were treated miserably . the older dude with the frosted hair and goatee - black glasses - is a clown and took an eternity to take our order . i would mention his name but instead i will make it a little bit of a treasure hunt . : ) after questioning my intelligence more than once , pontificating that , 'we have no eggshell , ' i was told that the product i ordered , 'comes in eggshell . '", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't think they should be open for homeowner business- they 're just not oriented for that level of service . the crew is always in the backroom working ( i assume lol ) on commercial orders.. i have literally gone in , looked around , gathered paint chip samples and left without ever interacting with an employee . and then sw does a huge e blast promoting their 'color of the year ' so i go for a paint chip and of course they 're out - and clueless about the promotion . he offered to show it to me on his computer screen ( umm , i can do that at home ) . i 'll stick with dunn edwards or benjamin moore ( at ace hardware ) - both have better customer service from more knowledgable team members .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i selected dr. wood based on her training ( ohio state university ... a top vet program ) and other great reviews . dr. wood and her staff were fantastic . we brought our new puppy golden retriever , andy , in for his first vet visit . the staff were very engaging and friendly with us . dr. wood got down to the ground to pet and greet andy , making him immediately happy and comfortable . he already had several of his initial shots from his excellent breeder . dr. wood only had to give andy one shot , and did not try to up-sell us on shots he did n't need . as she gave the shot , her staff member held a kong toy filled with cheese wiz to distract andy and it worked very well . he did n't even flinch . after his check up , dr. wood patiently answered all of our questions regarding training and raising a good dog . once we were all done , she sent us out with a free heartworm med for the month . total cost of our visit was just $ 100 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we needed a veterinarian to give our puppy his first shots and treat him for kennel cough while visiting family in ohio . dr. wood did an excellent job with him and put him at ease during his first vet visit . the cough cleared right up and upon her suggestions as to the type of food to feed him and proper care , he grew to be a big healthy dog with a beautiful coat . we consulted dr. wood for advice several times after we left town because we trusted her advice above other veterinarians in our area . she is thorough , friendly , and experienced . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love twin lakes veterinary hospital and so do our pets . they do n't fear going to the `` doctor '' . they love the staff and dr wood . they come in and leave wagging their tails ! our yorkie had gotten really sick once and dr wood brought him back to health . our pets are our family and this office treats our dogs as if they were their 's . i ca n't recommend them enough . the best vet we have ever had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful vet ! great environment knowledgeable staff i switched my animals to this vet after some bad experiences with other vets and it was the best decision i have made . i am very overprotective of my animals and o feel 100 % safe here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probox provided excellent service and quick delivery of a 15 foot standard probox . the professional office staff was able to bill my company as required , and the delivery driver placed the box easily on some pretty rugged terrain . the box is freshly painted and has a new wood floor , along with industrial security features on the door . having this storage on-site is clearly a better option than an off-site option in one of those self-storage lockers . high quality products and superior service made probox an easy choice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the people here are so friendly and nice . very willing to accommodate your needs . their prices are very very reasonable , much lower than the popular companies . the service and instructions were great . i would highly recommend this company any time you need temporary storage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i were walking around downtown chandler , looking for a new restaurant to try . we stumbled across coach & willies , a sports bar restaurant with class . he got the diablo turkey sandwich and i got the reuben . delish ! he was n't a fan of the skinny crispy fries but i thought they were delish : ) the waitress was really sweet and funny and easy to talk to . i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was quick . mac and cheese was yummy . i got the steak wrap and was n't impressed with the flavor but the size of the wrap and meat was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was just awful , i sat for like 30 mins at the bar that was n't even busy at the time . what pisses me off the most was that i had to approach one of the servers and let them know what 's up . 07-22-14", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is consistently pretty good . i 've been here about half a dozen times and will be back . they have a pretty decent happy hour but their lunch dinner menu is very predictable . i tried their bacon mac and cheese on my last trip there because the server raved about it -- it was pretty good but not as good as she implied . i wish they had something to make me want to go there , it 's close to home , but there is n't a draw for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "an excellent service , greg cares , and is fully present , his style of physiotherapy works !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very pleased with greg , my physiotherapist . he 's very thorough and always correctly diagnoses and helps resolve my running injuries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really really liked it here . the food was great and the staff was beyond friendly . i got the special of the day : quesadillas de pastor and it was so good . all the flavours ( guacamole , meat , and cheese ) paired so well together . it was heaven in my mouth . the waitress was also kind enough to explain everything to me . the menu has a lot of delicacies i was not accustomed to . i always feel like i 'm bothering the waitress when i ask too many questions about the menu but she did n't mind at all and made sure i was satisfied with my decision . i would definitely come back . it was great ! thanks to aron for taking me there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with my friends and i love it ! the service was perfect and food incredible . i love that jalape\u00f1o entrance it was the best jalape\u00f1o dish i had in my life ! the beef tacos were delicious , i wan na come back and try the other ones , i 'm curious now . i had an awesome michelada : ) the place is very cozy ! ca n't wait to come back ! thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been walking past caifan at least once a week since it opened and decided to finally give it a whirl with a friend . the location is neat and intimate . the staff are super friendly and attentive . there were a handful of specials on and the main menu itself is quite small and focused which is a nice thing . we opted for a jicima salad , pork belly appetizer , el pastor taquitos and rosarito tacos . we shared everything which worked out quite well . both appetizers were really delicious . the tacos and taquitos were also great . the el pastor are a tad spicy if you 're sensitive but they were quite yummy and the cocktails are great to contrast the spice . i had a couple cocktails and they were great . i learned they close at 2 am on fridays and saturdays which is awesome especially for the neighbourhood . overall , great food , space and staff . the prices are mid-range but worth every penny in my opinion . everything was fresh and i 'd definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant was lovely . went this evening with a group for a birthday dinner . the service was excellent and our entire table loved the authentic well thought out menu . food is delicious . our server also took the time to explain each dish in detail , which we really appreciated . also , the drinks were fantastic . will return again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , very authentic ! and the service was super friendly . it was packed on a sunday night and they did n't expect it so it was a bit slow . to apologize , they offered us a beer ! go check them out , the tacos are totally worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we just moved here from la and are so happy to have found solid mexican food nearby ! we started with the cochinita pibil taquitos which came as four super good tacos . we also had the chorizo alambre and fish tacos , both of which i highly recommend , especially the alambre ( a bacon , mushroom , chorizo , pepper mash of godliness served with fresh tortillas ) . some of the dishes we 've had have been less good , and the cocktails are just ok . the mezcal and tequila options are solid though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "billige schuhe , gut und sch\u00f6n ; ich kaufe dort nur gummistiefel f\u00fcr meine tochter . die sind n\u00e4mlich tats\u00e4chlich gut . allerdings muss es wirklich schnell gehen , denn im obersten stock in der kinderabteilung halte ich es einfach nicht aus . es ist unertr\u00e4glich hei\u00df und stickig , es l\u00e4uft einem in k\u00fcrzester zeit der schwei\u00df den r\u00fccken herunter . man kriegt dort kaum luft . die luft staut sich in dem haus , ganz unten in der damenabteilung geht es noch , aber je h\u00f6her man kommt , desto gr\u00e4sslicher wird es . ich w\u00fcrde die gummistiefel lieber online kaufen , aber gerade die gibt es eben nicht im netz . schade , aber ich kann da wirklich nicht lange bleiben .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "selbst f\u00fcr einen deichmann ist der laden ziemlich un\u00fcbersichtlich und nicht so sch\u00f6n . dennoch gehe ich ab und an dort hin um mich umzusehen und vielleicht doch g\u00fcnstige und sch\u00f6ne und bequeme schuhe zu finden . dabei bin meistens nicht f\u00fcndig geworden , merkw\u00fcrdigerweise ist es bei so vielen schuhmodellen m\u00f6glich , dass mir an manchen tagen keins gef\u00e4llt . dann habe ich sch\u00f6ne braune turnschuhe gefunden , doch nach zwei stunden tragen haben sie so gedr\u00fcckt und gerieben , dass ich sie nach ein paar wochen weggeworfen habe . ein paar jahre sp\u00e4ter habe ich mir hohe schuhe in wundersch\u00f6nen tannengr\u00fcn gekauft und die wiederum sind trotz bequem . also ich bin mir nicht so einig , der laden gef\u00e4llt mir nicht , aber preislich erlaubt der deichmann doch mehr spontan- oder auch fehlk\u00e4ufe als tamaris oder \u00e4hnliches", "score": "3"}
{"review": "im unterschied zu vielen anderen deichmann filialen ist diese hier in den schuhgr\u00f6\u00dfen ab 41 nicht chronisch ausverkauft und bekommt daf\u00fcr von mir 4 sterne . bei deichmann gibt es allgemein keine 1a-verarbeitung und \u00fcber das sortiment ( farben , formen etc . ) l\u00e4sst sich streiten , daf\u00fcr gibt es aber zu g\u00fcnstigen preisen auch eine auswahl veganer schuhe -- diese sucht man bei anderen schuhl\u00e4den ( ich sage nur salamander ) leider vergebens", "score": "4"}
{"review": "keine sch\u00f6ne filiale und ziemlich unpraktisch , da hier auf satten vier etagen die ware angeboten wird . m\u00e4nner m\u00fcssen nat\u00fcrlich auch nach ganz oben . das ambiente wie eine gro\u00dfe warenhalle , die w\u00e4nde zugestellt mit karton neben karton , alles sehr k\u00fchl und nicht wirklich sauber . die schuhe kennt man , vor allem g\u00fcnstige , einfache schuhe . die echten markenschuhe sind stark in der unterzahl und beziehen sich vor allem auf wenige sportschuhmarken und modelle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ed cleaned out our sewage line shortly after i called . he and his wife were very friendly and he was thorough in his explanation of the cause of the problem . i hope i do n't need their services again too soon , but definitely recommend universal drain !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent . on time . explains everything . the price is right . drains cleared within 30 minutes . friendly . need i say more . will keep ed and jessica number for all plumbing needs . recommend him highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very close to the vaughn mills shopping mall . not too many opitions for lunch or dinner . but the pho tasted good and grilled pork was.very juicy and yummy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when ever i happen to be in vaughan mills i always some how end up eating here . this place has a decent menu selection , food comes out hot and fast and pretty tasty . it 's owned by vietnamese people , and it 's actually pretty decent . their milk shakes are also very good , always made with a bit of fresh ingredients unlike other places where they use powder ( for example the avocodo milk shake ) . it 's a pretty solid meal for the price your paying and being in vaughan mills . it 's unpretentious no fancy , and is solidly decent . and sometimes , that 's all thats needed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of many hidden gems here in the burgh . check it out , freaky good ice cream , better blizzards than dairy queen , shakes that would have ronald mcdonald spinning in his grave if he were dead . i love page 's dairy mart , and look forward to opening day every spring , then go at least every week on those warm summer nights and have a cone or my favorite , peanut butter chocolate ice cream with butterfingers and reeses peanut butter cups running through it . then i go run for two hours to burn it off , but it 's worth it . why four stars ? bad intersection ( carson and beck 's run ) and parking can be a motherbucket . you 're still sitting there reading this ? go to page 's now !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you want the best ? here it is ! i lived across town for a while and still detoured to pages to satisfy the ol sweet tooth . the brownie sunday and malt milkshakes are my go to treats you go there on a hot summer night and the line can be across the lot into the lot for the car dealership . amazingly the people there keep things rocking and rolling . around back is little history of the baldwin necks run area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love little soft serve places like this . the ice cream here gets an a+ . i had my classic -- small vanilla cone dipped in rainbow sprinkles . people were talking about their family memories from when they 'd eaten here in summers past in line -- i 'm not from the area , but it seems to be somewhat of an institution . just on our first stop we saw families of all ages , couples , bikers ... everyone can enjoy this place . definitely stop by if you 're headed to the south side !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was my second time here and was n't dissapointed ! the first time i came here i had a strawberry shortcake sundae and today i had an xs sundae with strawberries and bananas . i really liked both sundaes i tried . my boyfriend got an xs chocolate sundae with fudge , his sister got a fudge brownie sundae , and her friend got a blue raspberry dipped vanilla cone . everyone liked what they got ! the only thing is i ordered a hot dog also and the actual hot dog tasted yummy but the bun was kind of weird . other than that , it 's a must go to if you 're in pittsburgh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love soft serve , this is the place to go . there 's history , tradition , the beauty of neon lights , plus really wonderful ice cream . you simply must experience the blueberry soft serve which is usually a limited time offering ( not sure when it runs , but they had it there last night , june 8 ) . page is cash only , just so you know . it 's definitely worth the trip . there 's a small parking lot , so you can sit and eat your ice cream , as you may need to give it your full attention . anyway , go for the nostalgia or go for the great ice cream , either way you win !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located beyond the crowded streets of south side , page dairy mart has been serving soft serve ice cream for over sixty years . the shop is open seasonally and the spring opening is a cause to celebrate , signaling the end of winter and beginning of warmer temperatures . the menu and ice cream possibilities are seemingly endless , from basic ice cream cones to the behemoth south side shake : a combination milkshake with a separate sundae on top . although i 've yet to make a dent in the full menu , i recommend going for a classic on your first trip : a vanilla cone covered with jimmies . while the ice cream is tasty ( more so than similar chain ice cream shops throughout the city ) , the main appeal is the offbeat location and the celebratory camaraderie of the crowded parking lot during those long summer nights . note : the shop is cash only , although there is an atm located on the side of the building .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ca n't go wrong with this place . we 've been here a few times and i always get the same thing ( small chocolate ice cream in a cone ) but now that i 'm reading other reviews , i need to switch it up and try something else . plenty of parking for this sweet little place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear page dairy mart , why , oh why are n't you open year round . your soft serve is to die for . your arctic swirls are divine . the krunchies are superior . when the day comes in the spring when you open , this is the best day in ice cream heaven . but when you close , this is a tragic day for us all . as summer is nearing its end , i wonder , `` why are you not open year round ? '' sincerely , j what to get : twist in a cone with krunchies , pretzel arctic swirl", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . the soft serve is so yummy ! my mom always took us to get ice cream here in the summer when we came to visit . just stopped here two days ago and it was just as delicious as i remembered ! i just hate trying to pull out of this place because traffic is always so busy in every direction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whoever does n't give page a 5 has no soul . it 's childhood everyday march-october . i love the pretzel cones , but everything is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love pages ! the ice cream is well worth the line ! i love that they incorporate other local treats into their menu and think it is great to see everyone supporting each other . it is always so sad to see them close and i look forward to them opening ! i love the nancy b cookie sundae !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the places we miss the most since moving from pittsburgh . we visit every time we are here during its open months though . a visit a few weeks ago was just as good as ever ! i adore their southside shakes ( half shake half sundae ) . their homemade ice cream cookies rock as well ! and i love that they put plastic covers with a lip on their ice cream cones . helps keep little ( and big ) hands clean while enjoying a cone . prices ca n't be beat , the line moves fast , and everyone is always friendly . will be back the next time we visit for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! incredible quality for a little ice cream stand . typical cones , sundaes , and milkshakes . but a menu of burgers , fries , nachos , etc . and items like the raspberry toasted almond tort sundae really set this place a part from competitors . worth the trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't love ice cream , i 'm more of a salty snack girl , but this place is a dream come true . they just came out with their yearly blueberry soft serve magic . the signs on e carson leading up to page 's tease me to stop in daily on my work commute but i could n't pass up the blueberry and it did not disappoint ! there is something about the friendly neighborhood ice cream joint that opens and closes with the seasons . page 's is a must try at least once a year , even if you do n't love ice cream !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here to grab breakfast on a sunday morning pros - nice ambiance cons - absurdly priced the options that you get - taste is sub par . would not recommend", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located in a small plaza the parking you 'll find a bit tight but plenty . venue : it 's more of a juice and snack bar , if you were expecting a place where you could order a meal and sit down , this is not it . there 's seating available but what you can order are mostly snacks , smoothies , rolls , juices and soups . i 'd say it 's a bit pricey for the average eater , but that 's the price you pay for eating healthy . i 've tried the protein balls , the apple vegan puck and their spring rolls . all three were delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm amazed with the product these guys serve . it is so refreshing and tastey too . i would highly recommend it to everyone . the items are a bit over priced but then again it is all organic and fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the juices that we tried ( 3 of them but ca n't remember which ones ) were quite tasty but ranging from $ 9 to $ 14 a bottle , they ought to be . the place inside was nice and rustic . my issue with this place started when we were told to return the glass bottles for a $ 1 bottle refund but upon doing so , were told that the register 's till would n't open so they credited the $ 3 on a revitasize card instead . on a business scale , this makes perfect sense however i thought this was a bit underhanded and put me off from the place . the woman who was serving also came across this way - not trustworthy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really nice grab and go juice and snack place . i 've come here for a few years now and i really like the juices mostly the fruit based ones . they also make delicious vegan protein balls , i 'm not vegan they are delicious for anyones taste . also staff are nice and give good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited the location at 1470 centre street , thornhill . a true juice bar with nutritionally dense raw snacks , salad and soup options as well . the juices are served in glass bottles . juices just taste better that way . customized cleansing protocols are available . we appreciate the use of organic and gluten free foods in the preparations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "revitasize is definitely a good addition to the dufferin and center plaza which until now was only redeeming due to the tim horton 's and the nail salon . the interior is beautiful and set up like other juice bars in the city . prices are also very similar , in the $ 9-11 range . i tried the sweet kale , which in my opinion was too sweet . although it definitely tasted better than other green juices , i could n't really taste the other ingredients at all due to the overwhelming taste of pear juice ; this made me skeptical as to how much greens i was actually getting . this may be my personal preference but i can see how others who are not used to hardcore greens on a regular basis would find it easier to drink . they have a great selection of gluten free goods , salads and soups and the paleo nut balls topped with raw coconut were excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking for the local juice bar . this place has everything from freshly pressed juices to salads and other vegan raw meal options . i love coming here for the juice options they have a great selection the reds the greens and even an interesting blue lemonade . the meal options hear are awesome they have everything you need from salads protein pucks and various other options that can satisfy any hunger . the lattes and tea options are also pretty good not my favorite out of the options that they have here . but they are satisfying and are reasonably enjoyable . pricing is pretty good considering what you 're getting and the quality of the products . i always enjoy coming in for a combo juice and salad it 's really worth the money . i would n't mind seeing them starting to offer organic coffee or other organic beverages i know that they have introduce smoothies parfaits and other items but still there are some things i would tweak not conventional organic or vegan options that would be available . thanks for the amazing lunch yesterday i 'll be back really soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting from nyc where we have fresh juice juice bars everywhere , revitasize did not disappoint . their peanut butter acai bowl of the month was fantastic especially if you like but butters ! the super bowl was very good topped with goji berries . the avocado matcha shake was so refreshing , if i was to come back i 'd ask them to leave out the agave as i 'm not a fan of it but other that this place very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great juice , always fresh , prices are similar to other cold press juice places . staff are all 10 10 and the owners are super nice ! ! if hungover have the charcoal lemonade", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service till they have your money ! ! ! ! ! ! five day program for two people and not one day was correct . three trips to pickup the juices and not once was the order correct or ready . on the last day they gave us another clients juices , worst $ 500.00 ever spent . never received a call from a manager , if they even have one , to apologize for the inconvenience . take your money elsewhere ... ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my opinion : steer clear . not sure how they even got above a 1 star review . they sell trash at a premium . you 've been warned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big time miss ! ! ! ! bought a $ 13.00 petit acai bowl for lunch . the fruit toppings were partially frozen which made it inedible . first and a last , save your money and calories ! ! ! use fresh produce ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to there for over 1.5 months now and i am thoroughly enjoying all aspects this company has to offer . the staff are very kind and knowledgeable about what goes into the juices and which ones meet my specific needs . the aesthetic and ambiance of the store is very calming and welcoming . my favorite are the soups ... more specifically the broccoli dill = delicious ! ! ! i will be returning shortly to get another subscription .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a store that has finally figured out how to make things both healthy and delicious . they have a huge variety of delicious smoothies , juices , acai bowls , salads , etc -- it 's almost impossible to choose , and i usually find myself wanting a taste of everything ! my favourites are the burdock splash , maca power and vegan pucks . so amazing to have something like this exist finally in the neighbourhood ! definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a fan of sally 's , love their designer knock off hair products ( beyond the zone and so gorgeous ) . i also love the tons of perfectly organized nail products and polishes . this sally 's has a great staff and they are always very helpful , not the most hair educated , but definitely opinionated . they do not carry fake hair pieces or extensions , which was a big disappointment ( go to the one on 16th st and camelback for that ) . this sally 's is a cleptos dream . every time i go in there i see teenagers obviously stealing crap . i never tell , but i am always tempted too.. i mean really stealing a $ 2 nail file.. sheesh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "-friendly cashier , maybe they could use an extra person on duty . -parking was ok , but some jerk parked so damn close to my car , i had to get in through the passenger side . -i saw a few hobos in the desolate parking lot and a crazy woman cut in line at sallys and paid with bags of coins ... i sure was n't going to say anything . yikes !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this sally 's location is always full stocked . i never have issues not finding the items i need at this store . plus the staff is super helpful . if your in the central phoenix area this location is the one to drop in . plenty of parking in a small strip mall .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came into the store and was n't really helped out much . i knew exactly what i was getting , so it was n't that hard . purple shampoo , for those blondes out there , really keeps the brass away . i would totally recommend clairol `` shimmer lights '' if you have blonde or silver strands . anyway , there was only one person working , she did n't seem totally enthused to be there , but it was quick -- except for dialing in the sally 's card . for some reason , employees have to dial in some hotline on a phone , and the register sounds like 1999 aol dialup , which is weird , but aside from that , great place to get girly hair crap . my fav .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a card-carrying member of sally beauty supply . i do n't doubt that offers some street cred to my queer card , and sets me up for some sweet beauty supply deals in the future . truth be told , i really only come here for the face washing brushes and anti-aging potions to keep me looking sweet ( no small feat ! ) . the clearance section usually has some crazy stuff on the cheap that does n't make me feel guilty about buying something i may not need . overall , it 's a swell spot !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's marc 's . do n't expect much . the employees here hate their jobs as much as at any other marc 's , and this one seems to be worse than most about opening checkout lines . do n't forget that you are at marc 's , they only take cash , checks , and discover cards . it 's still 1985 at marc 's . the parking lot is always a hot mess too . look out for chuckholes . they have it fenced in so you ca n't take the cart to your car . keep that in mind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store always has panhandlers outside and inside the store . the mgrs . look the other way like they do n't see them . the store is filthy dirty and never seems to have enough cashiers . you have to leave your cart and pull your car up to get your groceries as your not allowed to push your cart out to your car . 2 weeks ago i caught a lady helping herself to my paid groceries . ( she 's a frequent panhandler ) . i caught her just in time . i wo n't be returning to that store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finding deals in cleveland takes work . i run the gambit from asian grocers to urban independents . marc 's will save you money , but i would be careful with the produce . do you buy produce at save a lot ? packaged goods are okay . biggest complaint i have is the check out lines . always under staffed . stores are pretty clean . you pay for the deals with your time . find your zen at marc 's . meditate while you wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while visiting the in-laws , we all headed to this cinema to catch a showing of `` rush . '' being a cineworld gal usually , i was quite impressed by the odeon seating style and placement of the screen - the slope and grade make it easy to see from any point . we attended a matinee and went for the premium seating as they supposedly offered the best view , but retrospectively would n't do that for a showing that was n't very full as it was n't worth the extra price and our seats were n't any better view than the rows above or below the `` special '' area . compared to the prices i 'm used to in london , the tickets were equally pricey , but the snacks were much less . also , odeon 's popcorn is better than cineworld 's . nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a cinema the odeon is great , the seating is spacious and comfortable and there 's lots of other benefits in that its easy to get to and there 's a huge free car park with lots of restaurants nearby . however , the cinema is so overprised i rarely visit anymore unless its a movie i really want to see . the last time i went it was over \u00a37 for a ticket which in my opinion was too expensive . couple that with the fact that the drinks and snacks are extortionately priced and a trip to the cinema these days is a luxury indeed . the ambience is nice within the odeon and everything comes across as high quality - however it does come at a price !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the odeon in dunfermline serves a large area so i am guessing for that for that reason it can get away with the expensive price . tickets costs \u00a37.35 for an adult for that price you have to stand outside in the freezing cold queue until u finally manage to get inside to buy your overpriced tickets and overpriced foods which again have long queues . the cinemas are fine no luxury seats and little leg room unless you are prepared to pay out more money for luxury seats but you have even less legroom than the normal seats ? ? ? . parking is fine although it may take you a while to find a space . i prefer cineworld yes you have to travel a little further but its a lot cheaper better seats and you do n't have to stand in the pouring rain to see an overprice film .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "overpriced tickets and food ( \u00a37+ for a ticket ! ) now using 3d as an excuse to fleece even more money out of punters . to get decent value you have to take advantage of the kids club and orange wednesdays . i 'd like to see a greater selection of movies and not just the latest hollywood blockbusters and romcoms . feed your kids before they go in and you 'll save a small fortune . having no competition in the area they probably do n't care what people think . if you do n't want to pay their prices you can wait 3 4 months for the dvd blu ray , which i do most of the time . they 're also very poor at dealing with latecomers ( why admit them ? ) and disruptive elements .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since the closing of the local cinema in kirkcaldy i am forced to travel to the closest cinema to me which is the odeon in dunfermline . the fact that the odeon is the only cinema in the area allows it to charge top prices for entry and they take full advantage of that . the place is generally very well kept , the seating is comfortable , the place is clean and the viewing and the sound system is also very good but their determination to rip people off relly spoils my visits to the place . not only is entry to the movies expensive but if you intend to eat or drink in the complex be prepared to spend big money . a decent cinema ruined by greed ! 2008 thebigc1690", "score": "3"}
{"review": "large cinema with several screens and food available eg hot dogs popcorn juice etc . average price for tickets and you get plenty free parking at the door . also close to severa lgood mid price eating places . i like the fact you can book online and collect ticket from machine at the door saving having to wait in a long queue especially if you want to see a popular film .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this store but why must i stand in line for 30 minutes ? ? ? one checker , really ? ? it 's not their fault . come on store manager , make us feel welcome by keeping two registers open at peak times ! ! i go there after work at 5:15pm and there was one checker with three full baskets ahead of me . not a good strategy to keep staff and your customers . please fix this", "score": "3"}
{"review": "organic chicken , granola without soybean oil oil , a cheese lovers dream , organic sauce w o soybean oil ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh , not impressed . it 's like an aldis but without the surprising european chocolates and other food products . true , it 's very cheap . but the selection is pretty limited , especially the produce . very , very basic . good if you do n't have to follow a gluten-free diet and need just the essentials . also , the atmosphere kind of gave me the willies . not the store in itself but some of the customers . for what it is , i 'm sure it works well for some people . i just felt that it did n't suit my needs well .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't do much shopping here other than buying milk which usually runs from $ 1.59-under $ 2 gallon . i also like getting eggs here under $ 1 and sugar is priced good as well . bring a quarter for the cart and your own bags . i 've never been in there when they have had more than one clerk checking people out so be prepared to wait in line on busy days ( weekends ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love kroger brands and was saddened when i moved to the area and learned they 'd pulled out of the champaign urbana market years ago . so i 'm happy at least to have a easy-to-use and get to store locally for kroger store brands . prices are great , and it 's easy to get through check-out , just like aldi 's . i go to meijer 's or schnucks for premium stuff , but ruler sure helps the pocketbook each week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do all my basic grocery shopping here . the prices are good . the quality is good . the selection is good . nothing fancy , but who needs fancy ? easy in and easy out ! big problem lately is cleanliness and low stock ! i find i have to go back a couple times to get what i want . they seem to have people stocking all the time , but ca n't keep up with the demand . they need to sweep the floor !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is really good ! i love the cheep milk ! i wish other stores would sell milk that cheep . i shop here often buying groceries here saves me hundreds of dollars a month and thousands a year ! i love kroger brand products and that 's a great way to save . the quality in their products is surprisingly often better than fancy expensive grocery stores . they do n't have an olive bar , florist , or rotate tires . but honestly i do n't need that in a grocery store . the store is handicap friendly . and if catherine still works there i have to give her a five star rating herself . because she has gone above and beyond more than once to make sure that many customers myself included had an excellent experience shopping there ! great job ruler ! thank you ! and keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a value brand store similar to aldis . it gives value because it has no bells or whistles . it was extremely clean and offers kroger brand products at prices lower than many competitors . it 's a great store for a person on a budget .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have tried thai express 3-4 times hoping that the craving i get for it will keep me satisfied and time and time again i wonder why the hell did i choose to come here ... i have tried the chicken pad see ew..and the last part of that word explains how i felt about that dish . i have also tried the chicken pad thai with just egg and bean sprouts - i did not like this dish either . they do give you a hefty portion which is great for what you pay for however i feel that the dish lacks a lot in flavour..so much that i actually get a headache after eating 2-3 bites . you can probably share one which can save you money - at least i certainly can considering i always toss mine out at half way point . i hope to go back to try maybe one of their rice dishes..however i am slowly coming to terms that no matter how many times i crave those noodles in that cute little green and black thai box with the metal clamp..i simply do ... not ... like ... .it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "like the other 2 reviewers said , very little meat . we tried 2 different dishes and they both had very little meat in it . maybe 5 half bites ? located across from freshii . i 'll try there next time . thank you", "score": "2"}
{"review": "usually pretty quick with your order but lines can get crazy at lunch and after work from the work towers above . the food is usually very oily , very heavy and once a while the bean sprouts do n't taste so fresh and crispy . the flavours are there but it 's a little under what i would expect from a good food court spot . there is not much seating inside but a beautiful open patio and food court seating indoors just down the hall . not a bad place to grab thai if you 're craving it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here a couple of weeks ago for lunch . i ordered the mini tom yum soup with chicken . definitely lots of noodles but very little chicken . the flavour was good though and i did enjoy it . they recently moved into the north america centre and due to the lack of options in the food court the queue at lunchtime has been quite long . the service is quick and friendly and the good thing about thai express is that all of their nutritional information is easily accessible online . the prices are fair and the food is good . i will definitely be trying more items from their menu . for now , 'a okay ' ... we 'll have to see if i become a fan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thai express just opened in my work building yesterday . there was a massive lineup and many co-workers told me it was great . grabbed an early lunch today and opted for the eggplant chicken on steamed rice ... . 9.36 with taxes . service was friendly , portion is larger than it looks in the cool little box . but i want more chicken ! ! veggies were plenty , but i need more protein . taste was okay , nothing to blow my socks away . was n't impressed , was n't too disappointed either . just meh ... filled me up . did the job . i probably will not be going back unless i am in a bind with no other choices . so ... . meh.. not bad .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a nice place if you have family members who come in town nice relax place drinks keep coming and they have a drawing every 30 min extra cash just for playing it 's small but a safe place to drop elderly off to hang out . food is great and drinks : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bartenders are awesome ... new italian food is fantastic . i only wish you would stop the customers from loudly tapping the buttons on the machines . it rude to other guests and ca n't be good for the machines ! i spend my lunch hours listening to this lady who does this all the time ! rude !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love it . brandon is the best bartender in the world s d the crowd is friendly and familiar and slots are loose as hell . i played $ 5 for 3 house once . winning , free play added of course .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is a place where me and my wife go all the time but lately we do n't go there very much all the people and employees are super nice but lately there is one employee that is just a dick we try to not go there win he works his name is dave i have been playing for 2 hours and he ca n't even ask if i want a drink some guy just comes in not a regular and he looks at me then turns to the other guy and asked him if he wants a drink so if you come here i recommend tony or anyone but dave .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after being there fo an hour and dumping $ 200 , i changed to a machine at the bar and i was asked by the bartender to remove myself because one of his regular wanted to play on that same machine . they definitely treat certain people better than others i left immediately and took the two other people that were with me . never will i be back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg dd ! omg ! i 'm eating my roast beef sandwich now , typing this review and pounding my hands on the table like meg ryan in when harry met sally ... moaning , groaning and achieving culinary orgasms . now that 's a pretty picture for ya ! house roasted roast beef with a blue cheese horseradish spread , red onion , tomato and my favorite green next to brian austin green ... arugula ! all served on a yummy artisan roll . such a cute place with a case full of delicious looking temptations from crab cakes to mashed sweet potatoes to chocolates and cheeses and vino ! ! great staff ... friendly and helpful . why i 'm even a proud card carrying member of their sandwich club . and i 'm sure it wo n't take me long to earn that free heavenly sandwich ! dd ! fyi ... i will return to you asap !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just finished my muffeleta sandwich from dlicious dishes and am trying to figure out a way to get back there as soon as possible to try more of the items ! workies and i ordered sandwiches to bring back from the office . they were d'licious ! while there i also purchased some white truffle oil and 2 large wooden spoons . the place is filled with prepared foods that look amazing and priced well . there are also pastas and sauces and breads and all sorts of gourmet condiments . you need to check it out -- you can eat there or take it home . either way , your tummy will be happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i happened to find dd on yelp last night while looking for some grub . i am sold on this place . they offer high quality heat and eat or ready to eat entree 's , sides and deserts as well as wine and other beverages . the place is in a strip mall but it is much higher end inside than you would expect . the prices are reasonable and the food reheats easy , usually just a bit in the microwave , but they will gladly offer tips if you need them . they do have a few tables inside and you can order eat in , but mostly it is designed to take home or back to the office . i am glad that there is a place like dd in phoenix . many others have tried but dd does it right with a huge variety of fresh items . i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a little birdie told me i might be able to stuff my face here . yeah the bird was right . it sits in a strip mall on the se corner of 7th ave and missouri . they have a few tables and chairs inside . it is a store and deli but they serve up some good eats . they have many healthy options here . my best friend can not eat beef or pork . she like dd 's because she can get chicken and turkey alternatives . such as turkey meat loaf , which i have to admit did n't sound good to me but i reluctantly tried it and it was good . i had this linguine with turkey sausage and peppers that was delish ! they have a black eyed pea salad that is very good , & i did n't even like black eyed peas before ! also try the gumbo wow is it good . you can go here and shop get lunch , cooking and baking supplies , even sign up for cooking lessons . check it out great for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to try this place for awhile ... and i finally got to ! the place is cool with lots of choices from sandwiches , soups , salads , etc . to already prepared dishes that you can mix and match to make a great dinner with not much effort on your part . we decided on the beef skewers with bell pepper and onions , for a side we chose green beans and twice baked potato . it was very tasty ! i must say the meat was really chewy so i might not choose that particular main dish but i will definitely be back ! now if they only sold bottles of wine i would give them 5 stars : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading so many banging reviews i decided to hop in to dd 's and give it a try . i was immediately impressed with the selection . tons of fresh salads , sandwiches and mains . i was feeling to lazy to cook so i picked up the garlic mashed potatoes ( fantastic for garlic lovers ) , the grilled veggies ( delicious ) . i also got the turkey meatloaf that while a little dry , had a wonderful flavor and consistency . next time i may have to pick up some sauce for the top . same can be said for the pork , it was a bit dry , but i had some mango chutney i threw on top and it was great . i ca n't wait to come back and try one of their many sandwiches , or soups , or lasagna , or eggplant parmesan , or chili relleno ... you get the picture . dinner for 2 for about 20 bucks and home made meals without the hassle of cooking . this place rocks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome , fresh , home-cooked food . mostly salads and sandwiches for lunch . plenty of ready to heat eat take-home dinner selections as well . fantastic desserts from scratch . and a small , specialty grocery store to boot ! had the beef brisket on special for lunch . perfectly cooked , served hot with swiss , mustard and red onion on a kaiser roll . i liked it so much , they let me buy what was left in the kitchen to take home . now that 's service . a lunch consisting of the daily special , a turkey wrap , two sides and two drinks and ran about $ 20 for two people . maybe a bit on the pricey side , but the quality and service were worth it . for a neighborhood lunch takeout dinner spot , this place is hard to beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can you say cherry cobbler ? omg i am a huge dessert freak and this is the very best cherry cobbler i have ever had . not too sweet , not too tart . i literally licked the bowl . i did n't even have ice cream on it . i know they serve a lot of other things and those are also good but this cobbler was outstanding . my husband picked up dinner there last nite and i remembered seeing a sign that they had cobbler so i asked him to get some too . now do not eat it all because i will be coming back for more and i expect the fridge ( i think that 's where they keep it ) to have a portion for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , amazing , amazing . i knew i would love it the second i walked in , because the entire atmosphere of this establishment screams : `` my owners and employees take care of me and care a lot about quality ! ! ! '' the staff was friendly , and patient with me while i spent about 20 minutes deciding what to order for take out ( everything , i mean everything looked tasty ! ) while this place is n't `` cheap '' , i did n't regret a single penny because the portion sizes were generous , and i knew that what i was putting into my mouth had been thoughtfully prepared and was healthy and filling . i can not rave about this place enough.. check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closing tomorrow 8-24 - forever . got this in the e-mail today '' thank you ! to our loyal customers : we wanted to thank you for your support over the years . d'licious dishes has closed its doors for financial reasons . tomorrow , august 24 , from 10-4 we are blowing out any remaining inventory . wines and beer will be 25 % off and all other retail , cheeses and prepared food items will be 50 % off . please stop in and stock up on some real bargains . we would appreciate it a lot . d'licious dishes 5345 n. 7th avenue phoenix , arizona 85013 dliciousdishes @ live.com", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food ! tried the mufaletta sandwich with ass 'd italian cold cuts and an olive tapenade . like everything else , it was freshly made and made with care . i generally do n't like sandwiches much , but this one hit the spot . half of it filled me up so they wrapped the rest to take home , but the other half did n't even last until dinner . i could n't imagine what they could do to make things better there ... maybe start serving breakfast ? i have , however , come to the conclusion that the folks that work there are pure evil disguised in aprons . how else could you explain the way they ever so sweetly point out the most delectable treats to tempt you ? `` have you seen how big our rice krispie treats are ? '' `` there 's a pound of fruit in our cobblers if you want your kids to eat more fruit '' oh , i 'm on to you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a brand new delicatessen who 's grand opening was september 24th 2008 . since i do n't have a kitchen in my place , this re-heat one-stop shop near my neighborhood will be a place i plan to frequent via walking . they have a cute cook book lounge and the deli layout is fun to just paroose . their chocolate chip cookies taste home made . so nice to still feel like you have some input in the cooking preparation process when you live with just a microwave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't have a sweet tooth , however , i did one day when i pranced into this fabulous ... family owned and operated ... deli ? i spotted a cute little coconut creme pie about 2 inches in radius and i thought ... maybe just today . then i tried their portabello stuffed mushroom ( love it ! ! ! ) and their italian chef salad . barb ... . ( the owner ) you make the meanest italian chef salad ever ! i 'm so hooked . if anyone is familiar with my postings , i 've been searching high and low for a cobb salad here ... .forget the cobb . it 's all about the italian chef now . the salad was $ 10.50 but well worth it with all the meat that 's piled on there . the coconut creme pie was $ 4 which is a bit pricey but it 's delivered ... it 's not made there . the portabello was $ 4.95 i think ... and that was well worth it . d'licious dishes ... you 've won my heart ... .one coconut creme pie at a time ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so good . the selection of amazing dishes is staggering . i ca n't recommend any dish over another because every single one i 've had has been excellent . you ca n't get food this good for this price anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service here was great . the inside was nicely decorated , clean , and very cool on a very hot day . they were closing early for july 4th in 45 minutes , but that did n't keep them from being extremely nice and helpful . they had lots of different deli foods that were already prepared that looked great . we ordered two italian cold cut sandwiches . we had the option of chips or our choice of salad . i got greek salad , and the fiance got pasta salad . the sandwiches were tasty , but next time we 'll try them on different bread . the type of bread it came on was a bit too crusty for us , but the flavor was great . our meal came to about $ 17 total . i look forward to going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beef & bleu ! the 2nd most expensive sandwhich item they sale but the 1st place winner of sandwiches ! aside from the 2 ladies being the sweetest owners i have talked to ... aside from the collection of cheeses that bring me back every time ... aside from the friendly staff ... aside from the meaty goodness of the sandwiches ... aside from alllllllllll of that ... this place is my new favorite place to eat lunch ... ( lgo is still veryyyy close to the top . ) note : i just got hungry ... i am going back . r _", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've driven by this place numerous times and finally decided to stop in and see what the heck was going on in there . i had heard they had food to go or something like that . i discovered they had a few tables and i could eat in so i ordered the turkey meatloaf with side of mashed sweet potatoes and a side of garlic kale . faithful companion had a salmon cake with a side of garlic kale and a side of butternut squash chunks . the food was very fresh and well prepared . all the veggies were al dente and seasoned just enough . the two entrees were also very well done and neither left any oily residual on our plates . and all of that for 12 bucks and change.. wow.. i 'm going back as soon as i get hungry again.. maybe tonight about 3am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got our wedding cupcakes and cheesecakes from d'licious dishes . they were wonderful and co-owner , tudie , was amazingly helpful . we had some guests have more than 2 cupcakes , because they were so tasty ! the ladies at d'licious dishes have great food , great cupcakes , and amazing service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very nice and has very good prepared food . my family has tried the meatloaf and chicken and they both were good . the twice baked potatoes are excellent . my kids tell me the mac and cheese is too rich and not cheesy enough . the prices are very reasonable and the selection is fantastic . i have been back a couple of times when time was short and we did n't have any dinner plans . the help is very friendly and you can try a sample before you buy . this place is definitely on our keeper list .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live five minutes from d'licious dishes , and yet i only recently stopped by for dinner . which makes me sad , because it means i 've been missing out on outstanding food for almost a year . but luckily i know of d 's greatness now . for my first visit , i had a grilled vegetable wrap with a side of veggie slaw and a bigger side of the orzo-feta salad . i think i moaned , several times , while i ate it . the `` eating-good-food '' moans . ( note , i was alone . ) i wo n't go into more detail , because it will just be redundant about how great the food is . the service was great - the woman who helped me behind the counter was happy to answer any questions i had , as well as serve up any samples i wanted . i 'm looking forward to my next meal at d'licious dishes , because i know it will be - wait for it - delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's really easy to write reviews about places like d'licious dishes . this was my second visit since petite fromage sadly closed . this time , i was with my mother and wife . we each ordered a sandwich and a side salad for about $ 7.00 per person . everything was really very good . i honestly think i would have been satisfied with only half of the cuban sandwich that i ordered , but it was so good , i had to finish it right then and there . my wife and i are moving into a house in the medlock historic district , directly behind d'licious dishes , and we have decided to make this our standing saturday lunch spot . i was too full to indulge in their beautiful selection of sweets , but i will be sure to dive into that area on my next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite place to stop by when i do n't have time to make a home cooked meal . i love both their hot and cold food , and they have a small but thoughtful wine selection as well . for the man that does n't know how to or want to cook for his lady ( not in that group myself ) this is a great place to stop by and pick up something to surprise her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want good food fast this is it . chef tudie is a wonder ... and a new cheese shop is there , great for the upcoming holidays . tudie 's crab cakes are the best ! ! ! the art is great too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst place ever to eat chips were stale and out dated meat smelled funny plenty of flies buzzn around", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has the most amazing selection of cheeses . ever . boyfriend got me a tasting selection of about five different cheeses for my birthday last year and i was in heaven . truly amazing variety and all were super yummy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay ! i 'm so happy to see my neighborhood staple get the love it deserves ! the food here is amazing ! as an upscale deli counter , they have everything from deserts , to a cheese stand , to prepared foods to go . d'licious dishes has partnered with several local companies to sell their brands : berto 's for ice cream ; and their cold refrigerated section offers fresh and frozen dishes to keep for later ( truffle macaroni and cheese anyone ? ) . do try their soups ( gumbo is amazing ) ; and check out their charchuterie ( locally made pepperoni - wild boar ) . located at missouri and bethany home , its definitely more of a neighborhood spot . also , its closed on sundays- so stock up on sat . for your sunday dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you like good food , nice people , and really good food then you have to goto dd 's . i heart double d 's too and you will once you eat here . i had the caprese with salami and orzo salad with a dad 's orange soda . perfect . they gots tons of salads and take home dishes . one huge cheese case and another for the desserts . they also have spices , wine , and beers . the best beers are the ones in the cans btw apparently they will be opening a kiosk at the airport in a bit with some other local restaurants . good food at the airport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only had a chance to get some of their dry goods , so this does not reflect their sandos or salads . that said , the owners could n't have been nicer . from chatting with me about how to use specialty ingredients in recipes , to telling me interesting tidbits like where the chilis in their jars of pickled chilis come from , it was clear that they liked what they were doing . seemed like a wide selection of sandwiches salads , and there is an area where you can kick back and read some of the varied cookbooks from their personal collections . pretty cool . am looking forward to going back and trying menu items . btw - this shares the same location as petit fromage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! the food was delicious and the service was excellent ! i have always complained at restaurants that i need a `` pictorial menu '' . well , this is the place for that . you can look at all of the selections before you try one and they offer samples readily and happily . i will be back often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the caprese sandwich is to-die-for . on top of the food being delicious , the customer service is very delightful , and the place has a really cool chill vibe . also - try their gumbo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place , especially because it 's on my way home from the train . good quality food ( that i could n't easily make myself ) for perfectly reasonable prices . i do n't buy meat at the grocery store so if i need an entree i can stop off and easily supplement my veggie pasta basics with something unique and tasty . when i went in the staff was super friendly , even when i got a little indulgent and over-sampled . yum yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , both hot and cold . excellent service , my lemonade cup stayed full and we were checked on at just the right interval ! wonderful atmosphere . cozy tables for 2 are set among shelves of wine , spices and perusable cookbooks . my bowl of delicious gumbo and generously sized warm rumsauced bread pudding was just over $ 12 , so affordable also . we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly a needed gem for this neighborhood ! finally , a local gourmet purveyor that is n't a corporate chain . upscale grocers with ready made foods were fine when we did n't have options , but why not support an independent business when the opportunity is available ? the staff is friendly and knowledgeable , from triple cream cows milk cheese to garlic mashed potatoes ; the food is glorious . i recommend the truffle mac and cheese , it is ridiculously good , i am now hooked . thank you : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this time i did get the pork tenderloin ... .excellent ! i also got my mom a delicous salad and got a little coconut `` taste-size '' dessert . love this place ! and i have been told that they will make hcg diet meals and other special meals to order ! how cool of them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i still go here all the time , and it is still amazing . now it 's our fall back place if we ca n't decide what to eat , or if we 're too lazy to cook something , or if we have guests and we want to take them to a `` special '' place . yes , this is the `` special '' place we bring guests to ... because it 's that amazing ! everyone can find something to eat here , from hardcore meat-eaters to die-hard vegans . soooo good . basically , my update on this place is that it 's so amazing , it 's a continuous fall back place for my family and me to go to when we 're in a pinch or when we ca n't agree on anything else . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the selection and the food is awesome . great for our household with full time workers and full time students ! their stuffed shells are by far my favorite and they are very reasonably priced . staff for the most part are very friendly , there is one kid there that just seems completely clueless - for example we called ahead to get an order put together , and he just gave the phone to someone else without saying anything to us on the phone ... yea ... really awkward moment . but for the most part , we love it here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looks like this place is closed . hope it 's not true ! ! ! phoenix , you may have lost another great spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing cheese selection and fresh deli items . friendly staff will help you make selections , and offer useful advice about what 's good that day . they truly understand the importance of mustard . slightly pricey food , but top-notch quality . it is possible to craft a lunch for under $ 8 , but tricky .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place . every time i am in the staff is friendly and helpful . there is a nice variety of vegetarian fare . the food may seem pricey but the quality and freshness is there to justify it . today i had the stuffed mushroom cap and greek salad both great . and for dessert ( and all afternoon snacking ) i have a chocolate truffel cake . yummy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , cheap , deli-plus . wine selection was basic and a bit over-priced , but the cheeses and candy are stand-out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is just beautiful . very roomy , can fit up to 100 people . it 's a new place so our food took awhile but was absolutely delicious . we ordered the chicken shawarma and the four different hummas . loved both will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wins for most instagram-worthy hummus , four colors flavours and edible flowers on top . the types are : chickpea , beet , edamame , and eggplant . the freshly baked piping hot sesame bread is to die for , we could n't get enough . it was very busy on a sunday afternoon , yet the service was prompt and courteous . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to the restaurant it 's amazing the decoration and everything is very nice and clean the service is very good and the food is delicious . had the chance to meet the owner too they are nice and friendly the only minus star i give is because of the small portion size and high price for it20 $ ( chicken shawarma ) if they fix it would perfect i totally recommend it . i also recommend the appetizer plate with the bread", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mississauga area is saturated with middle eastern cuisine . so , it is really enjoyable to have an excellent one in taste and quality . most what i like in `` east.tea.can `` that you can feel , touch , taste and read every thing about middle east canteen . rarely atmosphere makes me happy .. this one is very welcoming as they succeeded to transfer not only the taste but the whole philosophy . their staff are very attentive.their prices compare to others are fair . i tried kabab iraqi was amazing in texture and spice , portions was fair if you order appetizers and planning for desserts . the dip platter appetizer was so delicious . right on time to serve with big portion of tabouli and in house hot breads . um- ali came with full of nuts .. it was ok . i already planned to come with my friends over weekend to enjoy the atmosphere and the rest of the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wow experience that is unique in every falvour . a mediterranean base with a twist makes this cousin unique although familiar . the place was crowded but we were well received and catered for till seated . full house made the service a bit slow but forgiven with the first sight of the dip platter consisting of 4 colorful , flower topped deliciouses - flowers edible , too . 3 main dishes were lovely . even the shawarma , a very common dish , was one of a kind . service friendly in spite of the crowd . highly recommended 10 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was an inviting and comfortable place . good variety of food and food service too . favourite dish was hummus platter . a must try for all !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with a friend for dinner and had a really enjoyable time ! the restaurant is beautifully decorated and there 's a lively atmosphere . we came on a friday and there was live music playing as well . we ordered pomegranate juice , dip platter , shared the mixed grill plate and finished off with mint tea . the dips came with bread freshly baked from their wood oven . the bread was delicious and the dips were smooth and velvety in texture . definitely the highlight for me . the mixed grill was good but not extraordinary . tea was delicious and beautifully presented . service was good , we never felt rushed even though it was a busy night . was a great place for a girls dinner out . will come back again with friends and large groups , as there were quite a few large groups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the interieur is beautiful , the hummus dips are good . bread that came with the dip is not freshly made but came from a bag , not fresh at all . we had to wait a long time for our food . there was mold on one of the pittas . staff was friendly but there was a mix-up with the orders . we will not be going back , food is not great and it 's over priced as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : -lovely , spotlessly clean decor cons : -clueless server -we ordered two iraqi kebab plates and they were very , very salty -for the price , you get 2 small meat skewers , a pile of rice , some bread and pickles - all served on a metal hospital-like tray ... for the price i 'd rather go to my local shawarma joint -the onion on my 'tray ' tasted like propane -my husband who has an iron stomach has n't felt right since eating there , i 've been ok", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time at this establishment , recommendation from a friend . walked in through the turkish style doors , and the place was really inviting , high ceilings , and greeted at door with a friendly smile . we ordered the cold mezzaine platter with a . it of everything and wow ... really really good . fresh style naans out of the oven , hot and piping . the food , all sorts was fresh , clean and very tasty . the portions were really good for one and maybe a 1 2 more . the fries were fresh style cut . the rice was not your normal style white rice , pine nuts and very good flavour . all food comes with a pickled salad that offers a good contrast to your food . all said , i would highly recommend this restaurant for middle eastern style food with a twist . one small issue , the food was not very hot , luke warm ... which gives it a four out of five , but will come back anyways .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best arabic restaurant in mississauga period ! modeled after a restaurant in amman jordan . hummus is amazing just need to work on their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute place and ambiance . it can get a bit busy , but the managers and staff do their best to serve in a timely manner . the iraqi kabob , chicken liver and the dip platter are great . and of course the samoon ! overall the menu is very similar to other middle eastern restaurants , and could benefit from more unique items . prices are a bit high for the small portion sizes . they also really need to work on acoustic dampening because it 's super loud and the walls echo a lot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food , decor and ambience . the bread is probably the best part as it 's fresh , hot and soft . the shawarmas and iraqi kebab are the highlights of the menu . had a few mezzes , but would recommend the hummus sampler which goes great with their bread . also highly recommend the mint lemon juice and the mannakeesh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely loved this place ! the middle eastern touch all around the restaurant really makes you want to stay . each piece had a story and the owner was nice enough to talk about it with us . he was very personable and kind . the fatoush salad was amazing , especially if you like the lemon in it . the chicken that we ordered was undercooked at first but they took it back and made sure it was done more . it tasted great with the garlic sauce . get the falafel ! i 'm not even into falafels and i was totally hogging them . the kanefe for desert was n't too sweet , which i personally like . if you like the sweeter kanafe then do n't go for this one . they also had this carrot dessert but it was only a test as they said they were n't sure if they would keep it on the menu , i totally think they should , it was really yummy . overall the experience was what made this restaurant so enjoyable . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the servers are very lazy , they do n't care about their customers . they dont make sure about your satisfaction of the food just deliver the food to the table and if you want something you have to follow them to ask . they also do n't have a standard in their food some time it is good and sometimes not . manakish some time is very delicious and the other time is like a pice of wood you can not eat it . also the size of their manakish is shrinking each time you go to them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place ! foods quick & staff is very friendly ! highly recommend coming here ! had the beef shawarma on the metal stick ! was very good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the iraqi kabab and some of their delicious appetizers . shawarma plate is ok , great presentation , however , taste is nothing special . live music on the weekends and great service ! also make sure you try their ginger , lemon grass tea , it 's out of this world !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has pretty good food , but they seem to have a problem with consistency . the food is not always of the same quality every time i 've been here . service is always really slow . when we went today we had to ask our waitress for things 2-3 times before we got it . bread was n't replaced right away even though we got dishes that can only be eaten with bread . we were unsatisfied with one of our dishes and normally when this happens you expect a manager to ask why you were unhappy with your meal , we did n't get any of this . if your looking for arab food better than mediocre shawarma spots this restaurant does the job but you definitely will leave annoyed with how long it takes for things to get done .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "beautiful restaurant , bright , vibrant , spacious . great food . we tried the dip platter . the bummus ( beet hummus ) was by far the most delicious - freshly made naan in house . the freekah was not what i expected but still good . the chicken shwarma was also nicely presented and good as well - but we were so full we just ate the chicken . i had their lemon mint drink - very good , refreshing - kinda like a slush . my friend had the pomegranate drink and it was very tarte - needed to be diluted with water . overall , i wish they a cocktail menu . but would definitely come back and try other things on their menu . great dining experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible service , waiter was non attentive and did n't even bring us water for almost 10 mins . he even lied to cover up a mistake in bringing us half our food order . the food was okay but it was overshadowed by the bad service , not likely to go back . was n't impressed by the tea either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am confident to say that this is one of the best , if not the best thai food place in gta . a hidden gem for sure , i used to work in the area but i do n't anymore . in fact i live quite far away but i often drive all the way there to fix my cravings . those of you who said 'too expensive and too small ' , this is n't the place for you , it is n't a bargain bin , but i think it 's worth every cent because you just ca n't find this quality anywhere else . question their authenticity ? i have had many dishes in thailand and this is the real deal . i often have a hard time choosing what to order , and usually i order a dish to eat there and a few items to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here looking for a quick lunch after a morning at the gym . it 's located in the food court . i ordered the steamed fish in banana leaf . the fish was tender , lying on top of some steamed cabbage , and lightly spiced . my friend had the pad thai and this one was the winner ! it was not overly oil , and they used spices ( paprika ) instead of ketchup and artificial food colouring . so as a girl who enjoys healthy eating , thumbs up ! i packed up a dessert too , the mango with purple stick rice . it had the perfect amount of sweetness . it was so filling , i had to share it with my mom . i do n't normally eat at a foodcourt , but i enjoyed this place and would come back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3.5 stars actually ... a nice place if you are on the go . their combo menu is value for money , as they offer 3-course meals for around 10 $ . the portions are decent , but they add curry over rice , instead of giving them separately . the flavour of food is really good , but the spice level is not standard , we ordered 3 meals- green curry , chicken red curry , and pad thai . the first two were fine but later one was burning hot , although we ordered everything medium spicy . i loved their veg . spring rolls , mango salad . my hubby ordered a tom yum soup , it was fine too . the drinks : thai iced tea & bubble tea were a big no-no ! p.s . it 's a small stall with 2-3 tables in the mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hidden gem inside the parkway food court . what i love about this place besides the great food , is that it 's a husband and wife operation . the couple are extremely hard working and very very sweet . great food , great people - ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here and ordered the lunch special meal which had red curry chicken , tom yoon soup and a spring roll . total was around 12 tax included . the red curry chicken was quite good and as well as the tom yoon soup . spicy and tasty . the owners seem quite nice and took her time to explain me about the various thai dishes since i was not very experienced on it . it shows that what they make is the real deal . i will for sure come back to try their different dishes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the chicken pad thai today and it 's as amazing as you 'd get on the streets of thailand ! fresh mango salad is very refreshing and we ca n't wait to try the macaroons made by lisa next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location ( food court ) , free parking , easy to find , few stairs to climb , but the mall has an elevator as well . lovey people . family business . inexpensive descent lunch within $ 10 budget . awesome customer service . i 'll come back one day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only speak for the green curry , meant to try something else on the menu but its just too delicious so i keep ordering it . hands down best i 've ever had . the green curry comes in a generous portion and is packed with flavor , not greasy , and also very spicy so make sure to specify the level of heat you can handle ! if you 're around the area , be sure to give thai 5 a try and you 'll be back often . if you 're not close by , then its definitely worth the commute : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a couple of times - great little thai caf\u00e9 . the green curry chicken is amazing , so flavorful with a bunch of different veggies and can be ordered to your desired amount of spiciness . i also really enjoyed the crispy chicken with the honey spice dip , nice thin batter so you do n't feel bloated afterwards . owners are so nice and informative as well . would definitely recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing food . if you can , call ahead to order because they do take a while to prepare your food . their food is not oily at all . and have true spice ingredients . love their pad tai and tom yam gon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thai 5 cafe is located at the food court inside the shoppes of parkway . it is not easy to open up a business in this mall as it is really really quiet ... thai 5 cafe does realize that so aside from thai food , they have sandwiches , breakfast specials and even afternoon tea set . i guess diversification is the key to survival . my boyfriend works in the area so he is a frequent the few business in the food courts there . i ended up having a taste of his lunch which is always the case . the club sandwiches he had for a few time was not really up to par . the meat in the sandwich was hard and dry . hk style milk tea was meh too . maybe thai 5 cafe should stick with just offering thai food . i am eyeing the durian sticky rice ... but when i passed by today , they do n't have that only the mango version !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing chicken curry rice ! i tried a few items on their menu this weekend and they were all delicious . the service was fast and lisa was an absolute joy to talk with . if you are ever in the area i highly recommend the curry rice and the refreshing mango salad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a wonder dinner combo here with wife , both of us really enjoy the food , the place is clean , the price is great , and the husband and wife team owner are super nice and polite , will definitely return to try more , a hidden gem in richmond hill and for anyone who likes authentic thai food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the portions are little compared with the price that you 're paying . the food is n't all that authentic or is it really good . if you 're looking for a quick fix for thai food it 's alright but it 's better if you head to downtown if you want better tasting thai food . over all it 's worth 3 stars since the owner is really nice and willing to explain certain type of dishes . i orders the chicken pad thai and asked for extra spicy it only came out to be mild for me . therefore , i can safe to say i wo n't be coming again unless i 'm really in need for thai food and everything else is closed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered lunch and it took almost an hour to be ready . food is not bad but nothing special . when you crave for thai food its a good place to go to . i ordered the steam fish in banana leaf and red curry chicken with rice , both are good . will try the khao soi on my next visit", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located in the food court of the shoppes of parkway behind esso on highway 7 . the friendly cash lady recommended a meal for 2 for me and my husband . it came with 1 salad ( mango salad ) , 2 tum yum soup , 2 spring rolls , choose 2 main ( pad thai & green curry chicken with rice ) , some shrimp chips for about $ 30 . a bit pricey for food court . the portions are good , the flavor was alright . there were way more rice & noodles in the main than the actual meat veg . for dine-in , but still put in to-go container , there 're 2 small dessert taro cakes , tested more like sweet potato cake to me . personally like the one across more . this one 's flavor is less flavorful and not enough meat veg . and this one is pricier .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like that you can specify the level of spiciness here . i ordered a `` hot '' chicken pad thai . my regret . it was hurting-myself- -what-was-i-thinking hot . the flavour was bold - a mixture of sour and spice . there was a lot of noodle , but i shoveled it down my throat so fast . the noodle was just so smooth slippery and tasty . the portion of the chicken was okay . was it really authentic ? not 100 % sure . i was , however , sure that this pad thai was a decent lunch item .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "totally would not expect this place to be so on point . friendly and informative staff with delicious thai food . super helpful owner that will make suggestions if you 're not sure what to get . personally , i love the steamed fish wrapped in banana leaf . soft , delicate with coconut essence ... it was great ! prices are fair relative to other thai restaurants and portions are okay , ( a little on the small side ) but still worth a visit . try the thai tea too , it 's awesome !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried the pad thai during lunch hour since this food court is close to my office . their pad thai is not impressive ( compare to thai express at least ) . the portion is small , noodles is soft , and the dish tastes plain to me . not sure if this is how authentic thai food should be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they would n't even let me in cause i had a closed water bottle . they have an absurd policy where you ca n't even bring a bottle of water inside in the middle of this 100 degree weather . clearly this place does n't care if you pass out of dehydration in their store . they did n't want my business over that so i wo n't be coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this place . the merchandise is excellent and the prices are the best in town . this is my new shopping place . i highly recommend this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my god this store is awful a line of customers and one cashier unbelievable . will not shop here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you need a new hot water heater , jim is the guy to call . called in the morning , he was at my house ( early i might add ! ) that afternoon . clean , efficient and friendly . his prices are totally reasonable . call jim , you ca n't go wrong !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim is great at installing water heaters . he is very professional and knowledgeable . he takes his time of explaining everything about water heaters and plumbing . i 100 % recommend him for water heater installation and prices.a+++++++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy is as thorough and honest as they get . called back and let me know all the issues of switching from gas to electric . he ended up losing the job because he told me to stay with oringinal set-up which included getting a very specific water heater special ordered . he calls back and is serious about his work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a hot water heater due to selling my condo . jim came out and installed a brand new , beautiful water heater in no time . he was honest and upfront about what i needed and no bs ! the price was outstanding , beating anywhere else ! i recommend giving him a call , you ca n't get better service than here ! i give 10 stars for the service , professionalism , honesty and affordability !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so my water heater goes down on a friday night after 9:00 pm . wife is upset , kids are mad . i call and leave a message . about 7:30am on sat morning no call back so i call again ( at the request from my wife ) and he answers . he tells me he has a lot going on that day including taking his mom out to lunch , can he show up tomorrow sunday . i told him sure , not a problem . after a few seconds he tells me no big deal , he will head over this morning and then do his stuff after he is done . within an hour , yes 8:30 he is at my house , hot water heater in truck and its fully installed at 9:30 all for the price of $ 640 . no other costs , just what he promised and really a nice guy . if you live in the east valley and need a hot water heater , this is your man !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need to replace your water heater , just call jim ! sounds like a commercial , right ! but seriously , i shopped around and even called a plumber that i normally use and he could n't match jim 's water heaters 4 less . in addition to an amazing bbb rating , jim was prompt , provided great communication and explanation about what he was doing , and the quality was first rate . he even let me paint behind it , as he was replacing it . i called jim yesterday , arranged for the time and it is done . looks great ! works great ! i have learned through some other repair replacement renovation work to get someone who specializes . jim is a perfect example of this ... he has it down to an art form and science !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow jim is amazing ! we called him right at 7am because our water heater was leaking and there were pools of water everywhere . he came within the hour and replaced it in an hour ! he is so friendly and he explained everything he was doing and how to maintain . we are so glad we called jim . i highly recommend him ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our water heater started leaking while i was out of town . normally i would do this kind of repair myself , so i was very frustrated . i found water heaters 4 less on the web and told my wife to call them based on the reviews i saw . my wife called and left a message . with the hour jim had called back and was scheduled to come over later that same morning . by lunchtime , jim had replaced our old water heater with a high quality rheem unit for not that much more than it would have cost me just to buy some brand i 've never heard of and install it myself . he ran into a couple of snags during the installation ( like needing to replace our gas valve and connection ) but had the necessary parts on his truck and did n't change his price from the original quote . i 'm glad i was away and got him to do it . his price was very reasonable , he was fast and responsive , and his work was good . we would definitely call him again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , same-day service , price was as quoted and very competitive . jim was friendly and explained my choices and the installation process . i was very happy with the results and the service . i would definitely recommend to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after spending the last 24 hours dealing with a different unscrupulous company ( read my review of just plumbing services ) , i 'm very happy i found jim at water heaters 4 less . he was able to come out early this morning to replace my broken water heater . he did this with a smile on his face and a with a price i could n't find lower . he also includes extra 's that other companies were charging over the top prices on . would highly recommend jim and his company to anyone in the valley who is in need of having their water heater replaced . nice to know some companies still have respect for their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy is the real deal ! jim actually answered his phone when i called , and sure enough he honored the price that he quoted on his website . i can not respect and appreciate that enough ... a true professional that is upfront and straightforward with pricing . sure , there are special situations that require additional work parts and i am happy to pay if that is the case . that is why jim requested that i text him pictures of my current water heater configuration . jim seems somewhat of a perfectionist , and i can rest assured that he did the job right . please support this guy ! he 's essentially a one man show , but a true competent and licensed professional and his prices are great . all of his reviews are genuine , versus the fake reviews you 'll see on other plumbing companies who spend a lot of money on advertising and then try to gouge their customers as much as possible . so glad i found this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i saw the reviews for this company on yelp . jim was super nice , professional , and did a great job installing a new water heater that i was in need of . he explained everything to me and tested everything before he left . i am very happy , and everything looks very nice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "job well done ! honest fair and timely . jim is a pro that takes the time to tell the customer about what he is going to do . great pricing and clean workmanship ! thanks again for adding the pan at the bottom of the unit . lord knows the last guy should have put one in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why there are only 9 reviews ( as of this review ) for 'water heaters 4 less ' is a mystery to me ! ! ! this guy is fantastic ! ! ! listen `` person-trying-to-get-a-new-hot-water-heater '' do n't call anyone else , i 'm telling you ! just call this guy . he is sooooo absolutely professional it 's not even funny . i ca n't say enough good things about my experience with jim . nice guy , friendly , did i say 'professional ' ? profession ! installed a beautiful new unit for me , complete with pan , new piping , the whole nine yards . i 'm very happy with the work he did . he showed up right on time , called to say he was outside and went right to work on the install . he also showed me how to adjust the unit in a way that made sense and that i 'm not likely to forget or would fear - hot water heaters can be scary ... to me ... but not now - thanks to jim . such a cool guy doing hot stuff ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed new water heater before listing house for sell . called jim and got a firm quote , $ 640 for a 50 gallon tank , including all parts , and a pan . jim arrived on time the following day and installed the tank with all new fittings , along with some copper pipe cutting along with some welding . the price originally quoted never varied and it was a pleasure to deal with someone reliable who runs a small business . i believe i saved some money because hd wanted about $ 600 for the heater a couple hundred for installation . could n't have gone better , highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called jim yesterday after i noticed my water heater had a small leak . he was already booked for the afternoon and apologized that he would n't be able to do it until the following morning . very thoughtful and he gave me some thoughts about how to manage it for the rest of the day to still have some hot water as needed . i originally found his website a few years back and thought , hey , i need to remember this guy . glad that i did . great service , great price , right on time and done quickly . good water heater at an excellent price and as painless an experience as you can have with something as un-fun as a water heater . would absolutetly recommend that you reach out to jim if you need a water heater .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my water heater started to leak and i was thinking of doing the replacement myself . my wife said i was crazy and she searched and found water heaters 4 less . i called jim and he was so accommodating in trying to fit me in to his busy schedule that he came on a sunday morning and replaced my old heater with a high quality rheem unit . he was professional..friendly and knowledgeable and completed the installation in no time . i highly recommend him and his quality work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a review . with that said , everyone is right . jim is the best ! he has the best pricing , does n't nickel and dime you . even used some off the old parts and knocked $ 30 off . i called him on a tuesday afternoon and had a new water heater installed in 24 hours . professional , courteous , and punctual . i 've never felt better about spending $ 500 before . call him you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim was great ! our water heater went out and he was able to come out the next day to install a new one . he was nice , professional and best of all , he did n't try to add on additional fees or try to upsale me . he was able to quote me on the phone with no strings attached . he was in and out within an hour and a half and now i have hot water . support this guy ! he knows what he 's doing and it 's always nice to support `` the little guy '' instead of these huge companies that just screw you over . not to mention , he was about $ 300 less than what others quoted me . while i hope i wo n't have to deal with a broken water heater again , at least i know who i can call should i need to . thanks jim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "contacted jim due to the overwhelming positive reviews on yelp and could n't be more pleased . as a small business owner , jim has built his reputation on outstanding customer service and pricing that is beyond competitive . he takes the time to inform you on the basics of what he can offer you so that you feel comfortable making the decision that is best for you . myself , i appreciate the personal nature of jim 's service and in today 's world of huge warehouse stores and global this-n-that , it 's a refreshing experience to give my money to someone who honestly and fairly deserves it . i 'd give him 10 stars if i could and would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone looking for an honest service provider .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found jim and his website from a google search . i called him and he set up an appointment with me with 48 hours . he was upfront and told me he can only come in two days and that i can call and see if i can get faster service elsewhere . i kept the appointment . he was prompt and he had the water heater and the pan as promised on his site . i shopped around and his was the best deal . he is the company , one person - owner operated . i think he does a great job providing great customer service at a reasonable price . i am very happy with his service and he comes highly recommended . i hope i do not need another water heater for at least 6 years ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service & price . i am glad i found jim with water heaters 4 less . the other company i called would n't give me an estimate over the phone . not only did jim give me a quote , he did the job for that amount and even did a couple of extras for no extra charge . call this company when you need a new water heater . jim 's the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had my water heater replaced by jim and i could n't be more pleased . i seriously have no idea why anybody would contact any other companies you need a new water heater . this guy is legit . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim returned my call quickly and gave me a quote that was almost half of previous quotes i 'd received . he was able to come to my house within a week of my call . he is very knowledgeable and informative . you call tell he takes pride in his work and he is a really nice guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars all the way . great service , great communication , great price . jim is fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim 's 5 star reviews continue . he was awesome ! very responsive and the price he charged was actually less than what he quoted on the website and on the phone . he advised if you pay cash , it was $ 40.00 less than what is on the website and quoted on the phone . i was n't there for the install myself , but he texted me a picture of the installed water heater and told me this one is a bit more energy efficient than my old 8.5 year old one that went south . i appreciate his responsiveness even after it was completed and he had his payment . i would not hesitate to recommend him to my friends or family that are in need of a new water heater ! way to go jim and water heaters 4 less ! keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a 18 year old rheem electric water heater that finally gave it 's last breath . jim gave me a quote over the phone and came out the next morning . he replaced the heater very quickly and hauled away the old one . no hidden fees , no extra charges , price was exactly what he quoted . the models he carry are higher quality rheem then the big box stores carry and with parts and labor i ended up paying just about what i would pay for the unit alone at a store . no brainer to have a pro do it . highly recommend . very honest and straight forward . it 's refreshing to find people out there that still do honest work . thanks jim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best experience i ever had with a service provider . jim had my new hot water heater installed in about an hour ! great personality , straight forward and honest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim responded quickly to voicemail . he was friendly , and understanding with schedules . jim replaced the water heater quickly and for a fair price . i would not go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called jim sunday and had an appointment setup for monday morning right then and there . jim was able to give me a price over the phone ( thank you for that ) and on top of that , beat out everyone else 's prices by a large margin . jim was there on time , very professional , did a great job installing the new water heater and was very pleasant to chat with while he worked . i could not recommend these guys enough and will make sure to pass along the good word to everyone i come across fully confident jim will offer the same level of great service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called jim on a tuesday . gave me an exact price out the door but due to schedule and injury could n't promise me he could make it until friday at the earliest but gave me other places to call . i appreciated that enough to do some research on yelp and bbb and what i found kept me from calling anyone else . i 'm glad i did n't . he came out thursday with his son sam and had me up and going within an hour and a half and even had to do some modifications on the set up our homebuilder cut corners on . he did n't even charge for the extra work . the price i paid was the price he gave me on tuesday and even took $ 20 off for paying cash . jim 's a real nice guy , professional and does n't try to upsell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing . awesome . outstanding . my water heater broke so i got a quote from the plumber that one of the big box stores contracts out . once i heard the price i said `` nah . '' i did some digging around and found out about water heaters 4 less . i gave jim a call and he came to my house within a couple of hours ! jim is very friendly , knowledgeable , and works efficiently . his prices are way more than fair and everything you need to know is laid out on his website . thank you , jim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you really should n't go anywhere else for water heater replacement . i used him for my mom 's place and today , mine decided to crap out on me . i forgot his contact info and by luck , i called him through yelp . came right away on a sunday . since i am a repeat customer and paid cash , got a nice discount . jim was very communicative and his job was excellent . i am going to refer his services going forward . thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim is absolutely wonderful ! ! my 16 year-old water heater broke down . jim came in the nxt day and replaced it with a new one in about an hour . he is very knowledgeable about wiring and piping , and took time to make everything look nice . he also recommended me a plummer to fix the water line for my washing machine , which is not part of jim 's job . i highly recommend jim !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim did an outstanding job in installing my water heater ! he is very professional and knowledgeable . he explained everything about the water heater and plumbing for it . he installed and tested it . his price is the lowest i found . jim does superior work and i appreciate it ! manny", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim came on a saturday morning to replace our water heater . as he assessed the job , he noticed there was a leak elsewhere and other issues . he very honestly explained the situation , and referred us to a plumber who will fix the situation before we have the new water heater replaced . many thanks to jim for being an honest , caring contractor and helping us get the work done safely and correctly . we highly recommend jim for being super honest , prompt and accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john was great . really fast , clean and dedicated to doing a quality install . got our water back on in less than 24 hours . really stands by his work . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the self employed one-man shows so i was very happy to find jim here . very affable and honest over the phone , his website lays everything out for you , he 's prompt at returning calls and knows to ask the right questions so customer 's expectations are set in advance -- just spend a few minutes answering his questions , it 's worthwhile . he helped my dad get his water heater replaced the next day after it leaked , even took off $ 20 when he found out he did n't need to replace something and installed an extra part for free because he felt it would be better for the customer . he 's had plenty of experience working for bigger companies and found alot he did n't like . so he decided to go on his own so he could always do a good quality job and that 's what my dad got here . i highly recommend keeping his number and sharing it with anyone who needs a water heater replaced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jim is the guy to call for a water heater . for a price that was about 60 % of what was quoted by a plumbing company , jim responded quickly and did a quality job . we were lucky enough to get same-day service because he happened to be on our side of town and happened to have a compatible new water heater in his truck . nearly 2 years later the water heater has been working great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service , better than average pricing . jim did an excellent job installing our new water heater , and we could n't be happier with the price . no hassle , friendly staff , locally owned . support local business , keep your money in arizona by hiring a qualified , local professional like jim for your water heater needs . we would be happy to recommend them to all of our friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic experience and service ! stop looking elsewhere and call jim today . this is the place to go . jim took on a particularly difficult installation and did an incredible job replacing an ancient water heater that was installed in a hard to access area . despite how obviously difficult the job looked and worked out to be , jim was just wonderful to work with . he went out of his way to do an excellent job installing a brand new rheem water heater , exactly the model we wanted for a incredibly low price given the high quality of service . he also reconfigured the piping as well , making it far easier to access valves and switches . a great job by a great guy . jim - thanks so much for helping us with this monster project ! we wish you all the best and much success in the future ! rob and maria stop shopping and call jim today ! it does not get better than this .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really appreciate the fresh , healthy options au bon pain provides at the cleveland clinic -- too often hospital food is n't really all that healthy . the salad bar has a great selection of fruit , grains , and nuts , which i piled high into my to-go container ( my total rang higher than $ 10 ! ) and ended up eating for two filling meals that day . on a slightly less healthy note , their pastries are wonderful , and their massive selection is discounted after a certain hour of the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had n't really had au bon pain much since my nyc days in the early 90s , but my wife brought some sandwiches to surprise me at work the other day , and they were darn good . we split a grilled chicken sandwich and a chicken salad sandwich between us . both sandwiches were fresh , high-quality , and satisfying . the fresh field greens were particularly welcome , as you do n't find them much outside of higher-end places . it 's too bad that our market is already saturated with paneras , as i think au bon pain would make a welcome choice were they located somewhere other than downtown ( or in the cleveland clinic building , which is convenient only if you 're in their complex ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "au bon pain or abp has two locations at the cleveland clinic main campus . the food is made fresh everyday . it is a little more on the pricey side than the cafeteria but you are paying for a much better meal . i am a fan of the soups , even in the summer . i recommend the roasted eggplant , 12 veggie soup or the mushroom bisque . they have hot lunches , salad bar and sandwiches made to order . this is nice place to have morning meetings , a break for employees and patients.abp employees are always more than helpful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "now that 's a surprise . i never expected food anywhere in a hospital setup to be good . their chocolate croissant are delicious . what i like the most about them is they are even in small sized option . the other baked goods look delicious too . they always have a number of options for meals . the staff is friendly and helpful . i took away one star because it is not the cleanest always . understandably with the sheer number of people visiting and dropping stuff on the floor . the seating is good with lot of natural light . in any case coming from halifax canada with a sorry excuse of a hospital where i do my residency in comparison to the magnificent cleveland clinic i just ca n't get over that something not just decent but so good can be found in a hospital .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not your typical au bon pain . it has some of the same options as the cafeteria but not all . i only ate here for breakfast but i was not impressed . also , it takes a long time to get your food , even if they are not busy . i ordered a quiche one day ( that is something i do n't think they have in the cafeteria but i 'm not sure ) and it was basically a frozen microwave one but it took her forever to bring it out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice change from the usual hospital fare , but this option is to be expected for a big establishment like cleveland clinic . i love the interior design . there is a good selection of pastries , coffees , and cafe foods . even though i doubt everything is as healthy as it 's touted to be , it 's makes me feel good about eating here . i had the mayan chicken hot wrap ( ick ) , hazelnut coffee , and chocolate chip cookie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cafeteria style setting . was staying at the hotel next door , so been here twice . pre made breakfast sandwich was kinda disgusting , but fresh made sandwiches were excellent . would go again for convenience and quick service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as a medical student i frequent this place more than i would like to admit . i agree with other reviews that everything is over priced and it 's a pain to traverse the crowd of people around the lunch rush . however they have good salads and they just redid their sandwich menu and some of the new options are delicious . also after 5 pm you can go and get half priced pastries and bakery items . i also live off of their french roast coffee which i find very bold and flavorful . so of you find yourself in the cleveland clinic looking for food or coffee this is one of your better options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is always fresh . even the one location at the cleveland clinic that is open 24 hrs . i 've tried several items from the menu and have yet to find anything that i do n't like . the menu is a little pricey however . it 's a good place to great a quick fresh sandwich , soup , or pastry . i personally ca n't stand the taste of diet soft drinks and they do not offer good alternatives . joseph-beth offers coke life which is better that regular coke", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been coming here a bunch for a week due to visiting the clinic . more vegetarian choices than the other options within the complex . overwhelmingly , most of the staff has been very friendly and efficient . definite plus . food has been pretty good for `` fast '' . prices are perhaps a little high but not out of line with location and competition . only a couple of complaints . cleanliness of the dining area has been lacking . trash cans have usually been full . tables do n't seem to be wiped down with any regularity . i understand that it is often crowded , but one needs to account for that . i also wish they would have actual dining ware instead of only throwaway containers and silverware .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place not cleaned enough i work at the clinic all shifts and it 's the same weather it 's busy or slow do any clean counters", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have visited au bon pain at the cleveland clinic 3 to 4 times this month and have never had a bad experience . since time is limited at this big hospital complex , the ease of finding good healthy fast food is welcomed . try abp . you 'll like it ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what you see on the floor is n't available and has to be ordered ... they tell you 6-8 weeks ... we are now going on 12 weeks for a couch ! i called last week and was told the shipment had arrived and that i should get a call within a couple of days ... it is a week later , no call . i call and now i am being told it is on back order and they will call me when it is available ... no further information can be provided ... then the sales rep follows up with , would you like me to cancel your order ? what ! ? ! ? very frustrating ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here just to get some furniture of the new house . love their selection and the prices are competitive as well . they had a memorial day sale going on . 10 % off sale price which was a great deal . they have plenty of sofa and sectionals to choose from . probably the biggest selection i had seen in comparison to levin 's and today 's home . plus their prices where far better . we ended ordering a tufted sofa with a dark blue fabric and nail print doing along the outside . it has a really classy look and is for our living room . i would like it if they had more swivel chairs to choose from . i only seen one swivel chair in the whole store and the fabric on the chair was displeasing . my favorite piece they carried was an alessandro sectional that was power recline and had adjustable head rest . the cushions were very comfy along with the chaise that made for a great lounge . i will for sur eve shopping here in the near future !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store definitely gives off a bit of a stingy vibe . they turned off the lights in the lighting store . i understand energy costs can be expensive , but it hinders the shopping experience and the customer 's ability to effectively assess the lights . their self checkout today was annoying . a couple of the stands were out of order . when i tried to go to the regular line up , i was told that was out of order too ... after a bit of a wait , i reached my self check out stand . i asked the attendant for help who was servicing a line up and when another attendant helped me she could n't even scan the correct number of items . the store appears to be pretty well stocked with items though . hopefully today was an off day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i kind of know what i am looking for when i was shopping at home depot on a sunday afternoon . my toilet tank was making funny noises ... and i know i need some part to fix the problem . wandering around home depot , i was looking for that part ... . but which part ? then a staff just walked over to me and offered to help me without me asking ! he then showed me what i need and suggested the best brand out of the few ones they carries . i walked to the cash area wanting to use the self serve machine to cash out then a cashier just jumped in front of me and took my purchase and cashed me out in 3 minute ? ! the service here is just too good to believe ? ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not great customer service ! had a question about lighting and had to wait for 20 minutes while someone was paged to help me ! not impressed . the cashier was creepy ... moronic grin on her face for no reason .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . rented a steam cleaner from them and brought it in an hour and 5 minutes late and they charged me for 2 extra hours .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its home depot ... you know what you 're going to get . when thinking of hitting a home depot , this location is not my usual `` go to '' store . i usually only hit this store if in the area . on my last visit , i interacted with 0 employees . no-one greeted me ( at the door , on the floor , when leaving ) which is unusual for a home depot . the size ( screws ) of what i was looking for was n't in stock , so i left knowing that i would pass by another home depot , lowes and canadian tire along the way . perhaps because of its location , i find this store to be less busy than other locations .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a good experience with my visit today . i was looking for laminate floors and the sales person kas was so helpful ! he was so friendly and really took the time to explain to me what i need to do it myself . great service ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best sushi i 've ever had . some of the dishes we ordered were the monkey roll , boston roll , hot zazz , ultimate tuna and ultimate salmon , 3 amigos , and thai flavored gumbo . our favorites were the boston roll and the monkey roll . my husband liked the 3 amigos but i did n't think the tomatoes was a good blend to the dish . the thai gumbo was quite strong , they used fresh okra but i would n't order that again . the ultimate tuna and salmon were very fresh and good but the sauce was just a bit sour tangy -- still amazing rolls though . this is my top favorite sushi place so far and i ca n't wait to go back . it was $ 140 for the 4 of us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were fans of this place when it was the only one located in spring valley which is down the street from us ... but when they moved , we were pretty sad that we had to drive another 20 mins to get a sushi fix but it 's still pretty much within the city so , whatever lol . stuffed tomato is really good , their spicy scallop roll -- scallops are cooked and when i requested that they not cook it , they looked at me weird lol . i love that they have sapporo on tap , love draft beers ! decor is real nice , very different from their original location , much more modern here . service is great , they are real nice here . it 's the only sushi place that my husband can say that he loves and i 'd have to agree !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic sushi in an unexpected location ( inside a casino away from the strip and frequented largely by locals ) . chef bruce does an amazing job with all the standards , and then he throws out some wild creations that are stunningly delicious . one of our party has an allergy to shellfish , so bruce prepared some unique plates for him -- i snagged a taste of the asparagus-centric sushi and it was as good as the shrimp-based plate the rest of us enjoyed . if you like tempura shrimp , ask for the moochie roll ( it 's not on the menu ) -- unbelievably good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bruce has been our 'personal ' sushi chef for almost ten years . his fish selection and quality , as well as his creations are so good that we have followed him from his original location , to sushi avenue and now to sushi avenue 2 . no matter your style , traditional japanese preparation or american style fun rolls , bruce and his staff will satisfy your craving . in the mood for something different ? just ask bruce or one of the sushi chefs to make you something special . i promise you will be wow'ed ! we have never had bad service at any of bruce 's locations and whenever we ask , `` what 's good today ? '' we always get an honest answer and steered clear of any selections that might not be as tasty as we 'd like . great sushi , great service and bruce is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i totally called it ! this place is closed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "breaking news ! the roose parlour and spa has just been recognized by elle magazine as one of the top 100 salons in the country ! that 's right , only two salons in our entire state were recognized , and the roose is the only phoenix salon recognized with this honor . the roose is the pizza bianco of hair , minus the long wait . do your hair a favor , and get in to see a.j !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the reviews and saw all the contributions by men who had been to roose for their haircuts . was intrigued by all the positive reviews and the ranking for the 2nd year in a row as one of the top 100 salons in the country . called spur of the moment and asked to get a same day appointment - was lucky because aj had a cancellation and i got in . leann was very accommodating and made me feel right at home . aj is delightful , carefully looked at my current style , asked all the right questions and simply took great care of me . it was a terrific hair cut in a cozy layout with a terrific dialogue exchange . what a gem donwtown . my go to place from now on . aj rocks ! agree with mike that as the good news gets out , appointments will be hard to get . i 'll camp out on the door step - place is that good . if you are not going to roose ... you should be . be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after arriving to the hyatt in downtown phoenix , i googled a nearby nail salon and up came `` the roose parlour and salon . '' i read some yelp reviews , called and got an appt for a mani and pedi that afternoon ! i must say , it is urban chic and very cozy ! courtney gave me a fabulous mani and pedi ! my toes enjoyed the sensory experience of warm stones and a very intense foot massage ! courtney is aj 's little sister and she is equally amazing at her craft ! i would recommend `` the roost '' to both men women seeking a great mani pedi . it 's an unpretentious but chic salon with a talented crew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! how have i not known about this place ? i had an amazing manicure done by leah - she is good ! ! she does beautiful nail art ! the salon itself is adorable - in an old house , so there is tons of character . i 'm looking forward to going back for more services and of course to see leah again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to a few neighborhood salons before finally choosing the roose . now , i 've only been here twice - but i have been very , very pleased on both occasions . aj , in addition to being a very talented stylist , is just plain easy to work with . i 've got a feeling this is going to be a hair-lationship . the only thing bad about leaving a review here is that as the word gets out - it 's going to be impossible to get an appointment ! i guess that 's a small price to pay to get the word out about a really great stylist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lisa wonderful . she is very nice and gives you an amazing cut . i came here about 6 months ago to get my hair trimmed i was a walk in and they took me in . after having my hair long for years i decided to make a drastic decision by cutting my hair short . i called monday made and appointment for thursday and got color cut and style in about an hour and a half.. lisa was very helpful in helping me decide how short i wanted to go and how short i should go being that this is my first time getting my hair cut this short . in the end color , cut and style i am completely happy with the results and will be coming back in soon for the up keep and possible going shorter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a hairy guy it 's important to find a good place to get a trim . so why not go to lisa and have a great chat on life . all i have to do is sit down and she does the rest . no worries . the atmosphere of old house is perfect . she even puts up with my jokes . support this great family business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i followed a.j . the owner and master haircutter from her prior establishment ( now closed ) . a.j . is just an excellent stylist and a master with color . she handles the hair of my entire family ( wife and 2 daughters , 6 and 11 ) and does it all with great skill and a sense of fun . a.j . and leanne are just great people . if you go , you will leave there wishing you had been able to spend more time there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a gift card here for my birthday and decided to get a pedicure . it was wonderful ! this is a great small local business in downtown phoenix . it is located in an old house at 6th st and roosevelt and it has great character . it feels so comfortable inside and very relaxing . the staff were all extremely friendly and i had a great time . courtney did a great job on my pedicure , it turned out beautifully ! i think i will definitely try getting my hair done there next time as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family , too , has been following aj around for years , to get the best haircut in town and gentle , non-toxic hair products , and inspired color . best wishes for the roose . very cute little house -- and we appreciate how well decorated and comfortable it is . i drive from n. central phoenix , and it 's worth it ! correction , it is not on 9th street , but about 1 block south of roosevelt , on 6th street . easy to find parking , and very close to downtown , too . bon chance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can you say about the roose that has n't been said about sliced bread ... it 's pretty much the best . this place is exactly what phoenix needs ! leanne and aj own and operate the roose in the heart of city , roosevelt and 6th street , hence the name , the roose . aj is an amazing stylist . she 's very funny , friendly and professional ... and has awesome taste in music ! she 's one of the best stylist in the country and can turn your hair into a work of art ! it 's always such a good time in the chair ! leanne is a spark ! she is an expert in skin and relaxation . she always gives great advice and is super friendly . i love the atmosphere that those two have created . and hey , you can always go get a haircut then grab a beer at the lost leaf next door !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the roose is wonderful . i have only been a client of aj 's for a year or so and she is absolutely a talented hairstylist and i trust her with my hair explicitly . this mind you , is not always easy . over the years i have seen stylists that i felt the need to watch every cut but not with aj . leanne is also a gem . i have had a few facial treatments with her and some wax treatments and all of which were relaxing , cleansing and executed wonderfully . i have never had a bad experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally someone who can cut , color and style men 's hair ! after years of going to people that think the can give a good hair cut , only to have to fix it when you get home ... ..i have found hair heaven ! ! ! aj is brilliant and will never let you leave without perfection achieved . she should run every salon in town ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved downtown over a year ago and have tried several salons to find the right fit . i am super picky so needless to say i had a tough time . luckily i found the roose , but more importantly i met lisa . not only is she a talented hair dresser , she is a sweet soul and a kind lady . i have been a die hard aveda junkie for years and after one appointment with lisa i broke up with aveda and found a new home for my hair . i 've read the reviews posted here and am surprised and saddened by what jessica b wrote ... i 've been a client of lisa 's for awhile now and it is just not in her nature to be rude or abrasive . i think it is terribly irresponsible of jessica to compromise someone 's livelihood by sharing untruths . i hope this review will help anyone who is looking for a hairdresser downtown . as far as i am concerned the roose and lisa rock the casbah ! jennifer : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife treated me to a surprise massage but the spas we were familiar with were not close to our downtown location . we came across the roose and the masseuse , sawana happened to take my call . she was courteous and knowledgeable but what blew me away was the very affordable rates . the spa salon is in a refurbished bungalow home with an ideal central phoenix location . the staff was pleasant and sawana 's swedish massage was outstanding and left me in a euphoric state . in fact i walked away feeling like i committed highway robbery for the quality of service vs price . i 'm definitely going back and highly recommend the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "there are very few places i would even consider rating 5 stars . the roose is definitely one of them . aj and leanne are great . every time i leave the roose i think , `` this is the best haircut i 've ever had . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the way lisa cuts my hair ! the roose is a fantastic salon where you can be sure get great service & good stories that are sure to make you laugh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leanne 's amazing . best bikini wax of my life . she does n't rush , the pain was minimal , and she walks you through the whole process . and they gave me a 10 % discount for my first visit ! totally great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i got our nails done yesterday and leah did an incredible job ! ! i have never had a better manicure in my life . like previous reviewers have mentioned , leah is up on all the latest nail art techniques and looks for inspiration in a lot of different places . she is so skilled , her art is beautiful , you never feel rushed , and she is an awesome person who 's great to talk with as well . i 'm so glad i found her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing aj for about 8 months now and could n't be happier with discovering this amazing establishment . located by the art district in downtown phoenix , the roose parlour and spa is progressively decorated , which is updated every month , and has a very comfortable feel . aj and leanne could n't be operating a better business . haircuts and customer service are topnotch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for the reply , i just had no idea because you guys did not change the voicemail message or anything so i was confused . maybe i will try here next time i get a haircut .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is for leah smith - nail artist . the location has adequate street parking . the salon is in a cute little house . i do not get many manicures ever . i think i 've had five in my life . anyway , the gel manicure was amazing , and leah created a cool ombre effect on the nails with pink and silver sparkles . she painted birds on my accent nails . leah is super friendly , and it was fun to get my nails done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this parlour ! great location , awesome service , and my hair has never looked better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i walk in to the roose , i feel such a rush of relief and relaxation ! i do n't always know what i want to do to my style , but i do know that leanne and lisa will take great care of me . leanne has waxed my eyebrows and lisa has cut my hair for the last year an a half . it 's easy to schedule an appointment , which is great for my ever-changing work schedule . oh , and the music is always spot on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so cute ! i got a manicure pedicure earlier this week and it was perfect : leah did a great job on my nails ( she was meticulous - i 've never had someone do my nails without a single slip up ) and the atmosphere was so relaxing . plus it 's in adorable house , which i love . i will definitely come back - i want to try more of their services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moved down to phoenix and i did n't have a new waxer yet so i decided to try roose since i live nearby and i could n't be happier with my decision , leanne was awesome ! it can be awkward getting a new bikini waxer , but she was so professional and made the process as comfortable as possible with good convo and telling me about the products and what not . i definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy i finally decided to book an appointment here . i had the best facial with leanne on saturday , she 's very knowledgeable and has a gentle hand . the products she uses are amazing my skin felt refreshed and healthy . the place itself is adorable quaint and comfortable , i booked again in 4 weeks and ca n't wait to go back . thanks again leanne your awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lisa gave me the haircut i have been asking for the last 6 months . everyone was friendly and relaxed . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been seeing aj since she was at the spot in central phoenix . she does a phenomenal job imo . it 's at the point where i do n't really need to explain what needs to be done - she just knows how i like my hair cut and takes care of it . ca n't really ask for a lot more . the roose is in a great up and coming area of downtown phoenix . after you stop by to get your hair cut styled , swing by tammie coe for a pastry or to the roosevelt for a beer . they 're both just down the street from the roose .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go maybe twice a year to get pedicures and i wanted to find something a little nicer . this place was great and i can believe it right here downtown . the service was excellent from the time i arrived till i left very freindly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have the good fortune to find yourself in this wonderful salon , pat yourself on the back . they are listed as allure 's 100 best salons in the us for a reason . aj is fantastic and takes the time to listen to what you want . the salon is well decorated and is very relaxed . i do n't like uber trendy salons that make up for their lack of taste quality with the volume of music . aj and the roose are the real deal . no need for gimmicks ! make an appointment and spread the love .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an appointment to have my hair styled and for a makeup application . they did a wonderful job ! very fair prices and they did n't push me to buy any of their products , which i appreciated . i 'd definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "time to time you will find great people and great service , i can speak for my dew and tell you that aj is one of the most talented stylest in the country . she has worked overseas and brings a great concept in her work . the roose carry great products that you ca n't find at to many places in town , i have followed aj for many years . now that she has her own place i hope she stays here forever ! accepts amex", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service and the cutest boutique with little treasures for cheap at this locally owned spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . leanne is an incredible waxer , and makes the experience as painless as possible with zero awkwardness . she is super detailed and meticulous in her waxing , so there are absolutely no strays when she is done . the space is really beautiful , very charming , very funky , with a super-soothing waxing room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is an arizona gem ! every detail from the decor , and atmosphere , to the absolutely amazing staff is one of a kind . i have been seeing leah , the nail artist , exclusively for over a year now . i have never been to someone so dedicated , detail oriented , and kind , in my life . i feel welcomed every time i step foot into the roose , and always look forward to the art masterpiece that leah creates on my nails . i have sent friends , and family members to her , and highly suggest you go ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go there for the notions and clotherie section ! ! leann is amazing and so super friendly ! she is a dream to work with side by side but also gives you space to look around by yourself if you want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ask for lisa kay ( leiby ) campbell . she is warm & compassionate person with excellent hair styling ability . it takes real talent to make me look great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lisa has been cutting my hair for years , and it always turns out fantastic ! i 've had my hair long for a while and was ready for a change , but was nervous about having so much hair chopped off . she ended up cutting off about 10 inches and gave me exactly what i wanted ! she is always fantastic , i 've never had a bad haircut from lisa ! they also just added some clothes for sale , i look forward to checking those out next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ladies are professional and friendly and do a really nice job on nails ! ! ! ! the pedicure was heavenly and they use all aveda products . they are very customer service oriented and their shop is nice and contemporary . overall service was a+++++ ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i went to tangles was to redeem a groupon . it was my first time getting a pedicure and it was fantastic ! the atmosphere was nice and the staff was very professional and welcoming . i 'm a fan and will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience with tangles was to redeem a groupon deal for a signature pedicure . elisha did a fantastic job and was very meticulous when applying the polish . i enjoyed her so much that i returned to try out their shellac manicures . again , exceeded my expectations and turned out great ! the space is very modern and trendy , using all aveda products- which feel amazing ! i personally like the open aspect of the mani pedi room because it allows for socialization which was nice . i like that they use big bowls and not jet tubs because it is hard to sanitize the inner workings of the jets , which has been proven to harbor bacteria and fungus . the bowls offer peace of mind- it 's all about personal preference though . i am happy to say that i am now a loyal customer ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good at all . avoid . i ordered their lentil soup and they cashed me out and everything only to tell me they were out after i paid . they gave me some mushroom soup which was disgusting . avoid it it has a sweet after taste made me want to gag . i came another time and ordered an earl grey latte and was ridiculously disappointed because it tasted like water . worst earl grey latte of my life . just avoid all around", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is unbelievably slow . i ordered a sandwich and that took them 30 minutes . i give them 0 star if i can .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the sandwiches are horrible . half a sandwich is 6 dollars before tax . avoid this place , so that hopefully management will improve as vaughan mills needs a social spot like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love that aroma espresso bar opens up a location in vaughan mills . and i usually prefers aroma espresso drinks over starbucks instead especially withe the complimentary piece of chocolate . the single shot macchiato was ok and so is that chocolate . there is also extra seating right outside the shop if the inside get crowded . maybe just the lack of enthusiastic vibe of the staff just gave me a so so impression ? maybe they should be drinking more a shot or 2 before each shift might have help ? probably will be back as there are not too many option inside vaughan mills for a coffee break .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love that aroma has opened in vaughan mills as it is a very nice alternative to the food court and starbucks for coffee choices . they have some nice healthy options if you need to grab a bite and are n't interested in fast food . my friend and i met here for a coffee and i grabbed some yogurt fruit and granola to snack on . it was delicious and so was my americano . there is ample seating which is nice , and it did n't even feel like we were in the mall . i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank god i found this place , it 's my new favourite place to go for espresso drinks . great price , portion and quality . love the piece of chocolate that comes with each drink ! wish they would open up more individual shops in north toronto though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a weekday for lunch so it was not too busy . this aroma opened in the newly constructed section in vaughan mills . there are plenty of seats and shop is kept pretty neat . service was great and order was made fairly quickly . i was n't too hungry so i had the small coffee and croissant special for around $ 5 . if you get the small latte cappuccino with croissant deal , that 's around $ 7 . as with all aroma drinks , they come with a small piece of chocolate which is a nice touch . would come back here as the food court in the mall is always very crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for a quick bite with a friend of mine . this was a nice location with roomy space . if return here . food : 4 5 , i got the new berry tea lemonade and it was quite good . service : 2 5 , not much service required since you just have to pay it upfront yourself . ambience : 3 5 , big space and quiet and comfortable seats . price : 3 5 , average", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had soup salad , choc milk with ice drink , cappuccino , everything was delish ! ! ! best meal . never been and would def go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the aroma coffee ! ! ! the espresso , chocolate chunks , and the home made whipped cream ... . oh my sooooo yummy ! . sooo good . it was pure deliciousness in a cup . no lie .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located inside vaughan mills , in the new part of the mall , across from atmosphere . nice place to sit down after a long day of shopping and relax with a drink and snack . we got the ice aroma and found it to be lighter than the ones we 've had at other locations and quite thick that it was hard to drink for the first 5 minutes . service is speedy if you 're just getting a drink , however others that ordered meals and sandwiches seemed to have been waiting for quite awhile .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great selection of coffee , espresso and cold beverages . lots of yummy fancy salads , burek and breakfast . good ambiance and seating . each order comes with little chocolate bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the barista was verbally abusive and openly disrespectful and you could tell that it was an uncomfortable experience for all the other staff and customers that were involved . i was really disappointed to see the way the barista was treating the rest of staff . the coffee and the snacks are passable - what is expected from an aroma location , but the customer experience will never exceed the employee experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a large americano and the guy they had there must not know how to brew espresso . the coffee was weak and it was evident that the espresso was n't brewed prepared properly . i felt like hopping over the counter to do it myself . not worth what i payed for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice espresso even if the one i stopped in was located in a mall . i can see my wife leaving me here to read and drink while she shops . thank goodness i was just in town for a work meeting and just want a shot of nectar of the gods beforehand . recommend but maybe try another standalone location ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "avoid their properties unless you want a hole in your ceiling for months .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have not had any problems with them . everything is updated , clean and top of the line . they are a little bit overpriced buy you get what you pay for right ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i received excellent service and a great price ! i recommend them highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need any work on your garage doors go no further . call k & b and they will take care of you . excellent work , on time service and fair prices . if i need any further service in the future i will call k & b right away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read previous review first . the most honest company one can find . i called coleman back for another unrelated garage problem . my spring broke ( ca n't complain , it lasted 12 years ) . i left a message on k and b 's voice mail at about 8 pm the night before . coleman returned my call bright and early the following morning ( new years eve ) confirming he could come out between 1 and 3 . coleman quoted me a very reasonable price over the phone for a ( normal ) spring repair . coleman called me at around 1230 confirming he would arrive at about 1 sharp . they had the parts in stock and promptly fixed my problem . there were no surprise costs . he stuck right to the price he quoted over the phone . which is no surprise to me . the garage door works great . this was no surprise to me considering their track record . since the first time using their services , i have referred many friends and family to them . i will continue to use them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were having so much trouble with our garage door opening and closing . we checked the reviews for k & b garage doors and called late them in the day . coleman arranged an appointment with us for the very next day . he called and showed up within the time frame that he said he would . one of the sensors was broken . he replaced the sensors and also serviced the entire garage door . when asked if we should have them service the garage door yearly , coleman responded with instructions how my husband could do it himself . we were impressed with his honesty . the charges were very reasonable . the services were completed ; the work excellent ; and the service was done in a professional , courteous , and friendly manner . would n't hesitate to use k & b again if needed and refer them to anyone who needed a garage door service or repair . thank you k & b .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed service on my garage door and searched the wed for a local business . i am retired and worked in construction so i am able to do most repairs myself but felt getting a professional to replace the garage door spring was the smart thing to do . k & b is a first class operation . the service man was professional , quick and neat . he immediately noticed the loose operating chair and show me the evidence of a worn bushing with metal filing inside the door operator . the service man had the required replacement kit on his truck and also installed two new garage door springs . the job was completed in a timely manner at a price that was less than i had expected . also i was told what the repair would cost before the work was started so there was no hidden issues . also he repaired my outside remote at no additional fee . glenn buckeye , az", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with everyone here ! they were super great ! i set up the appointment , the guys showed up and did the work as promised . there was a small fee . they had no bs approach . it was simple and cheap . use them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "strolling around pittsburgh for my first time every and this was the place i arrived at ( thanks for the recommendation fellow yelpers ) . the service was very friendly and attentive . the manager owner was also extra nice . the fried mozzarella with balsamic vinegar was an interesting touch i had never seen before . the balsamic added a little more fun and flavor to what 's normally a pretty standard dish . the gnocchi with prosciutto and white wine sauce was very delicious , but a little heavy for me . the bread served before the appetizers was bland and uninteresting . the olive oil had some peppers and spices in it that i did n't care for . the atmosphere was very intimate and charming with dark lighting and small eating areas . the paper table settings were kinda neat ; they were n't too casual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wanted to love pizzuitti 's - the location is great , the service is attentive , and the prices are n't too bad for the area . plus , they have a mini patio that 's charming in pittsburgh 's flowering tree season . but , the food was n't all it could have been - the pesto pasta was nice but not great , and the gnocchi were mushy , as though not enough flour had been mixed into the dough . did we catch them on a bad night ? it may not be worth it to me to go back and find out , given that there are lots of other promising options in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic pasta . ( one of the few alfredo dishes i 've had that does n't make me sick . ) great waiters . byob option . lovely atmosphere where you 'll probably fit in wearing jeans or evening wear . amazing almond torte !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly homey neighborhood restaurant . solid simple dishes . good pasta . reasonably priced . comparing to other neighborhood italians , it edges out the nearby girasole , and it eclipses cucina flegria in squirrel hill . 3.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first ever negative review on yelp . this place is terrible i do n't even want to start my rant on the service and extremely low quality of food . do yourself a favor and never walk into this establishment", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went looking for a new place to eat and based on the reviews on yelp , decided to give it a try . everything about this place was great . the decor , our waiter , and the food . will definitely go back ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a gem in pittsburgh ! everytime i visit pizzutti 's i feel like i stepped into a wonderful trattorria in italy ! the music , the food , the ambience and the service are impeccable and the price is very reasonable . on my recent visit this past weekend , i learned that pizzutti 's is offering `` thanksgiving dinner to go '' . i have already made my reservation as i am positive their thanksgiving dinner to go will be exceptionally wonderful as their regular dinners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my family to pizzutti 's a few months ago for my mother 's birthday . i 'd never been there before but i knew the location was nice and we 're all fans of good italian food . the reservation i had made was never put into the book ( even though i spoke to one of the owners on the phone and made the reservation ) . the bread must have just been defrosted because it was still cold in the middle . we waited at least 20 minutes for our food to come out from the kitchen . they brought out the wrong dish for my dad , which he promptly sent back . when they brought out the correct dish , we complained , at which point the waiter finally offered to at least give my dad his meal free of charge . all the staff we interacted with were less than apologetic about all the problems we had that evening . needless to say , i would never recommend this restaurant to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am going to have to disagree with the reviewers here . i do n't get why this place is rated so high . when we had gone , we were seated by the computer equipment in the corner which was a little awkward though i suppose if we were sitting else where that it would be a cozy place . also we did not get a free glass of wine - maybe it was a promo ? the food was just okay and while the portions were large i did n't think the dishes we ordered were worth the price . lastly pizzutti 's only accepts cash . nice that they have an atm in their restaurant but you obviously would have to pay the extra fee to get the cash which is always a negative . the waiter was nice if that is any consolation but would n't return given .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ate here because of the yelpers reviews and the homemade pasta ... big mistake . the homemade pasta was so-so but it was covered in tasteless tomato sauce with a giant , dry , tasteless meatball ( which , btw is n't italian at all but italian american , and descended from southern italy , though they claim northern italian heritage ) . the staff was friendly if a bit slow ( which would n't have mattered if the food had been good ) . the seafood pasta was also bad . i would not recomend this place to others . the heart is in the right place , decent tomatoes , homemade pasta , but the execution is way off the mark .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was here for valentine 's day dinner . lovely ambiance , and the food is exactly what i 've expected ( or should i say it really does n't matter that much in such setting ? ha ) . love the bread pudding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited this restaurant on a double date with a friend . this was when the restaurant just opened . what attracted us to this place in the first place was their free glass of wine with your meal . the atmosphere was perfect for the occasion and the staff was very friendly and attentive . the food was pretty good although nothing spectacular or worth remembering . we enjoyed the experience although it was a bit pricey . would visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the best place for italian food in pittsburgh . try their house chianti with the absolut penne with shrimp .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first things first ... byob . we did not know this , but they were accommodating in offering a large complimentary glass of house wine . our meals were fantastic . penne w vodka & fettuccini alfredo . we also had our kids tonight and i would say normally `` not a kid place '' but we were on vacation and passing through . kids had `` the best '' spaghetti and meatballs `` ever '' . enjoy this restaurant off the main drag . excellent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was so great ! i had the hand-made ravioli and it was amazing . the prices were great for the giant portions . the atmosphere is very nice in this small restaurant and there is good outdoor seating . my only complaint is they do n't take credit cards . they do have an atm but its cash only . overall a fantastic restaurant though !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic find ! tiny italian restaurant family owned nestled on a side street in very yuppified shadyside walnut street area . look out for small yelpy dogs on the sidewalk . food is fantastic . noodles home made , sauces are beautiful and the atmosphere is authentic . i feel like i am having dinner in my aunt gilda 's dining room . byo except they offer complimentary chianti and pinot grigio . i had 3 glasses ! love it ! enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first place i ever experienced poutine as a child . this stuff is delicious . : :mouth water : : i have never poutine better than i remember eating it from here , so , just for that , lafleur earns five stars . if you 're ever in montreal , make sure to stop in and clog up those purdy arteries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is total fast food and normally i stay far , far away from fast food . that is of course , unless i see the words tofu and or vegetarian on the menu . awesome . we ordered tofu dogs and vegetarian poutine . i have to admit that the veggie dogs were so real ( ok , so i have n't eaten a real hot dog in about 14 years so they probably were n't but hey ... ) that i got freaked out for a second . i had regular fries , while my husband got the poutine , fries with brown gravy and cheese curds . both were hand cut fries . for fast food this place is pretty awesome , and pretty damn cheap too . we spent about $ 10 for three veggie dogs , an order of poutine , regular fries and two drinks . not too shabby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "essential eating for any visit to montr\u00e9al . i do n't know if there is better poutine in this city , but i 'd be perfectly content to eat only lafleur poutine everyday for the rest of my life . seriously , if you visit montr\u00e9al and do not eat poutine , you 'd be better off not visiting all -- there 's scarcely any point .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "real fast food , greasy and full of fat . it 's the only place where i 'll always pick the hot dog over the hamburger ( their burgers are n't that good actually ) . the hot dog 's and fries poutines ... my god heaven . if you 're looking for `` classic '' fast food that has n't been tainted , or tried to become `` healthy '' this is the place . it 's greasy , full of fat and awfully delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lafleur est un classique ! leurs poutine est excellent avec de bonne frites fraiches et croustillantes du fromage en grain frais et une bonne sauce pas trop \u00e9paisse mais juste assez pour enrob\u00e9 les frites ! le service est tr\u00e8s bon et ils ont m\u00eame des tofu-dogs et des v\u00e9g\u00e9 burgers c'est d\u00e9finitivement un plus ! les prix sont dans la moyenne des casse cro\u00fbte .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i personally love this place they make great bog standard hot dogs , poutines , fries . its the totally standard quebecois casse croute food i do really enjoy . love the fries . yes the buns+weiners are plastic , and so is the gravy , but its kind of the same everywhere is n't it ? i 'm into it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it takes either a spectacularly good or spectacularly bad place for me to bother reviewing it . this was the latter . inedible even for fast food . they put at least 1 4 cup of mayonnaise on my veggie burger- both sides of the bun . vile . they certainly do n't skimp on the amount of fries they give you , but they were all soggy and did n't even resemble something that had been fried . they were just a big pile of soggy mess ( a really big pile , but more of something horrible is n't really a benefit ) . they tasted awful and i had to throw away most of them . and throwing away french fries is a tragedy . but not with these . i ca n't imagine where the other reviewers were eating , but this place is just terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good fast food -- a decent poutine for a decent price and pretty much your typical greasy food menu ( burgers , fries , etc ) . quick and reliable and just a block away from sherbrooke metro station !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there is a lot of hate on here for this place because it 's as fast food chain can be ... but the poutine and the hot dogs are just great . the poutine had good gravy and cheese , and was piping hot . the hot dog had a nice steamed bun and a good relish slaw on top . do n't go to the fancy places - just try some poutine here . it 's great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when u have the munchies you 'll eat pretty much anything right ? ! well ... this is what anything taste like . dry patties , almost no condiments in burgers . i guess they can make ok hot dogs . i 'll stick to that next time i 'm up at 2am", "score": "2"}
{"review": "while experiencing montreal , i saw a sign for poutine . after falling in love with the gravy and cheesey goodness , i set on a mission to try different places that serve poutine . not the fanciest place in the slightest , seems to me its like a mcdonalds of some sort . i order a few various varieties of poutine , some were a bit whierd to me . like the spaghetti sauce one , but all in all , this place is serviceable for a quick poutine fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is what la belle province is trying to be . while the lafleur franchise is not nearly as large as la belle , their steamies , michigans , burgers , and poutines are all much better . their quality control across locations is also better , and this location reflects that . definitely a great place to grab a quick , greasy bite if you 're in the neighbourhood .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "three stars . sometimes i feel like it should be more like four , given its extreme convenience and marked superiority to la belle province , but this is not the place to subject to rating inflation . it 's fast food at its finest , and it 'll survive even if it does n't have shaved truffles and gold leaf on it . the all-dressed hot dog was pretty mediocre , but the poutine was awesome . the guy behind the counter was gregarious , to say the least . the d\u00e9cor is so out-there , it 's almost a parody of trashy montr\u00e9al casse-cro\u00fbte . good enough to dine at while sober , convenient enough to stumble into while hammered .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not exactly the best place to come for a burger and fries ... my burger was dry , tasteless , it had the texture of cardboard ... and the fries were soggy , and almost burnt , i would not be surprised if they were reheated ... lafleur for me is a one-time thing ... been there ... never coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lfleur is a montreal-based chain that specializes in queb\u00e9cois fast food . it is n't fancy , but the poutine at lafleur is the real deal . the fries are squishy and swimming in way too much gravy , the cheese curds are clearly high fat and most are n't even melted , and the whole thing is so obviously unhealthy that i 'm afraid to finish it ( but cant stop ) . in other words , all is as it should be . : ) there are tons of places in montreal that will top poutine with additional items such as bacon or montreal 's famous smoked meat , and the really fancy bistros will add more high-falluting ingredients like green peppercorns or even fois gras . but my favourite will always be the unadulterated kind found at lafleur .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am so excited about this new business . i love that they offer custom color and its not stinky , not to mention i do n't have to wait as long to wait for shower etc after . i would highly recommend using their services !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solar glo is amazing ! angela took her time to pick out the perfect color for me and really paid attention to detail . they use the best product on the market and i would recommend solar glo to anyone looking for the perfect airbrush tan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "heard about solar glo from a friend so i went down to check it out for myself . my friend was right ! the staff made me feel very comfortable and had some very informative answers to the questions i had asked being it was my first time . overall i had a wonderful experience at solar glo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "angela is amazing ! its the first spray tan that actually looks natually sun kissed as opposed to orange or splochy ! she knows her stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solar glo is the best spray tan i 've had hands down ! not blotchy , did n't fade in areas ... just perfect ! the level of professionalism and kindness was amazing ! thank you angela ! definitely coming in again soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so impressed with angela at solar glo . i have gone back twice ! my first spray tan with her was also my first spray tan experience . my tan was even and lasted almost 10 days . i was scared that i would have that orange tint and i did n't experience that at all . angela is so personable . there are definitely people out there i would not feel comfortable standing naked in front of for 15 minutes but she was great ! i felt the prices were fair and their customer service was excellent . parking was easy . it is a bit hidden but i after making a phone call i was given directions and found it easily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids & i visited several popular outdoor pools in toronto . this was my kids favourite - they had so much fun ! we liked it because the water was deep enough for them to touch their toes to the bottom and feel confident swimming . i loved it because the water was warm , a good view , change rooms were clean , and i could safely be in the water watching my boys do cannonballs , summersaults under water , etc ... the beach , playground , and boardwalk is nearby . free to public and parking is free before 5pm on weekdays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to swim at sunnyside growing up ... it was a great pool , always good to watch people and have fun ! ! ! ! ! ! besides the other kids pissing in the pool there is nothing wrong with it and i highly recoomend it to everyone . it is great as part of a kids experience in life ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the facility itself is very nice . it 's free , and the pool is well-maintained . significantly less impressed with the staff and lifeguards working there . we 've been there a few times and have found them to be generally rude , condescending , and ignorant . this is particularly disappointing , as it could be a much more positive experience for families on a beautiful day . perhaps poor management , perhaps the age of the staff and poor public service training , but it is unfortunate . i 've actually overheard staff and lifeguards mocking people to one another , and loudly . not the greatest impression of toronto for visitors . but they clearly do n't care .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is beautiful ! it was closed for a long time , but i 'm so glad it 's been reopened ! the changerooms are a little dingy , and i got lost my first time trying to find my way through the interior of the changeroom building , but otherwise it was great . go sunnyside !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first let me reiterate that i love greek food . i had a craving for some chicken soulvaki and noticed there was a jimmy the greek in the food court of the sheppard center . i ordered the chicken soulvaki dinner . the older man serving me asked if i wanted some tazziki with my dinner . so naturally i said yes , thinking i would get a small serving of tazziki . but instead apparently he thought i wanted some chicken with my tazziki , because he walloped my entire plate with it . the chicken was extremely salty , and the rice was pretty much mush . this was the worst food i have had in quite some time . needless to say i have crossed this off my list of go to places .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the old man who works there is pissed off every day . yells at customers . throws the food about . he 's so rude ! why is he allowed to work with customers ? ? if you do n't like what you are doing then leave the job !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this jimmy the greek is located in the food court of the sheppard centre concourse . for fast food , it 's pretty good . i ordered the lamb dinner . i was expecting lamb shishkabob or something . but i actually got the lamb leg with bone in , along with the standard greek salad , rice & potatoes . it 's a filling meal . with the bone in , it makes eating a little sloppy . but other than that , i would rate it a medium yummy factor . customer service was n't much since it 's just slap the food on the plate & pay . but they did give me a good portion of food & were quick about it . not bad for food court fare !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "courteous service but the food is terrible . i ordered the burrito which was cold and came with no noticeable cheese . beef stuffing was dry and the only flavour i tasted was salt . will not go again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm really surprised about the crappy ratings this place has been given ! ! ! went tonight with my husband . their homemade guacamole was amazing . i had the baked tortillas with goat cheese and shrimp , extremely tasty ! the service was friend , informative and really fast . the food was prepared quickly and well presented . try the lime margaritas ! we will be going back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , horrible food ! it came cold , and when i complained my food was cold ( fridge cold ) i was told its normal in a busy restaurant to cook all the food early in the morning and then reheat it for service . i respectfully declined that dish and paid for our appetizers and walked away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "strong points : - very tasty , simple food ; - reasonably priced , especially given the location ; - friendly , fast service . weak points : - no vegetarian option for main dishes . vegetarian entr\u00e9es were available and i was told that the burrito 's meat chicken could be swapped for grilled vegetables at the same price . weak . also , grilled vegetables are not a proper vegetarian choice in 2015 , especially in a restaurant that features beans and cheese in so many other dishes . - the booze situation . every table outdoors is adorned with a centerpiece of three beers ( not included , just to be clear ) . the first two pages of the food menu are actually a drink menu . when we were ready to order , with closed menus , our waitress reopened my menu to the drink pages and went on at great length about what was available . i understand that restaurants need to sell alcohol to increase the average check price , but the power sell was a bit too much for me and it really turned me off . solid three stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hope my 4 star rating is n't too generous . i had a few fantastic meals here followed up by two mediocre ones ( all the same dishes ) . service is also lacklustre at times but i really did enjoy the food when it was `` on '' . i would suggest better consistency .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 5 year old attended art camp here with a friend . it was a 3 hour camp and when i realized it was only 4 days instead of 5 , the value of this camp sharply decreased ... oh ! but wait a minute ... they released a coupon for pay for one child and the second goes free ! score ! this only worked for me because i had not paid for our session yet . had i already paid , this deal would not have applied . imagine how disappointed my responsible , early-paying friend was when she realized the offer was not available to her ! the camp itself was well run and organized . the art work was adorable . my daughter had a great time and did not get too messy ! they also gave them fun snacks . the camp is advertised for up to age 10 but my `` free '' 10 year old only went twice as it is really geared toward the younger children .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down this was one of the best run kids birthday parties i 've ever had for my kids ! the young ladies kept the kids engaged and effortlessly moved on through 4 projects with 10 little girls and did n't skip a beat ! if you are looking for a place to have your child 's next birthday party this is it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great find ... our 6-year-old and almost 4-year-old love coming here for parent 's night out and we love hanging out for a few hours . well worth the $ ... they have awesome art projects set out for the kids to do , they watch a short movie and have dinner ... the girls who watch the kids are so sweet ... i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do a great job for kids birthday parties . we had the girls party there this weekend at 10am . kids wore pajamas and had a blast . tons of art projects followed by sprinkle donuts . good value and super easy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend was taking over my lease , and we had signed a document saying that we were waiving any of the cleaning repairs so that she could move in early , allowing her to hold onto some of the furniture that i was leaving behind . we both agreed to this , signed the doc , handed it in , etc . literally the day before the lease ended , korotev let us know that this was no longer going to be possible . we had to move out all the furniture we intended to reuse ( only to move it back into the building 2 days later ) , and on top of that we had already agreed to forego any repair cleaning . so that was great . for a smaller property company , you 'd think they 'd be more personable with their renters . nope . pretty shitty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had korotev group as my landlord for the last 2 years and have renewed with them for next year . they have been extremely accommodating in helping us find a place that we are happy with you and fits our needs each year . additionally , we have never been taking advantage of with our security deposit . lastly maintenance requests have been handled efficiently and professionally . rent from them ! this michael b guy is full of it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have apartments listed on the trc housing list ; they claim to be `` cat friendly '' . i called to inquire about a place ... when i said i had cats i was told that they need to be front declawed . declawing is barbaric , inhumane and not cat friendly . false advertising , korotev group .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do not recommend this doctor . horrible bed side manner ( so to speak ) . it is his way or the highway literally . he is about procedure not the person ! the only reason their is a star is because this site would not allow me to select no stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love dr. clinch and staff . he has guided me through 3 pregnancies and deliveries and also preformed and d and c. he truly cares about his patients and their health and well being .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr clinch is amazing ! he is straightforward and tells you how it is . him and his front staff are accommodating and kind . they worked with me beforehand on payments that would need to be made before my delivery so that there was no added stress during or afterwards when i have a newborn to take care of . i almost had to have an emergency c-section because my daughters heart rate was dropping , he was able to save the day by using the forceps . no c-section and daughter is perfectly healthy . thank you dr clinch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. clinch delivered my first baby . he is very caring and knowledgeable . do i think he could be a little more understanding of pregnant women and their horomones and emotions ? yes . but he is absolutely thorough and has great nps working with him . he saved me from having and emergency c section and was very fast acting when my daughters heart rate dropped in half during delivery . hes old school . he is a fantastic doctor . i rated 4 stars and not 5 because i called the front office very frantic and the staff were very defensive instead of understanding or reassuring . aside from that , this office is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think dr. clinch is a wonderful doctor . he delivered my daughter 19 months ago and also helped us threw the process of a miscarriage just a couple weeks ago . he 's old school . he does n't do a million ultra sounds and does n't do what is not necessary . he has a plan and that 's the plan . my personal opinion is that 's the way it should be . i did n't go to school to be a doctor and i need someone to take charge . he never leaves the room without a warm hug . and i 'm a hugger so i liked that . he 's straight to the point and knows exactly what he is doing . the only reason i did n't give him 5 stars is because his front office staff though very nice needs some work . i feel like they are all over the place . it 's never been anything too serious but still frustrating at times !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love dr clinch he is very caring and personable ! he is going out of his way to help me with my delivery ! my insurance changed and he is still working with me although my insurance is not ! ! i could not be happier with him", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jedes mal trotz termin ewig gewartet . habe bei mehreren terminen jeden arzt der praxis kennengelernt , was mir wegen der speziellen k\u00f6rperregion sehr unangenehm war . meine beschwerden und schmerzen wurden mir nicht abgenommen kann nicht sein , dass sie das haben . die behandlung kann ich nur als durchaus robust bis grob bezeichnen . aus einer f\u00fchreren behandlung wei\u00df ich dass es anders geht . laut aussage eines mit mir befreundeten arztes allerdings leider kein proktologe h\u00e4tten es wahrscheinlich auch deutlich weniger termine getan . auf der rechnung ich bin privat versichert waren positionen , die meiner meinung nach unberechtigt waren . f\u00fcr eine t\u00e4tigkeit von 2 minuten 4 verschiedene untersuchungen , 2 unterschiedliche behandlungen und dazu noch eine ausf\u00fchrliche beratung abzurechnen ist nicht in ordnung . als ich das angesprochen habe , wurde \u00e4u\u00dferst beleidigt , ja fast ausfallend , reagiert . probleme habe ich immer noch . das n\u00e4chste mal gehe ich woanders hin .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "meine erfahrungen bei diesem arzt sind nicht besonders gut . auf einen termin muss man ( als kassenpatient ) 1-2 monate warten , vor ort muss man auch noch mindestens eine stunde wartezeit einplanen , die arzthelferinnen sind gucken teilweise sehr finster , nur einmal hatte ich gl\u00fcck und habe eine sehr freundliche und verst\u00e4ndnisvolle arzthelferin bekommen , scheint aber eindeutig die ausnahme zu sein . die \u00e4rzte nehmen sich eigentlich gar keine zeit f\u00fcr einen und richtig schockiert war ich letztes mal als man einen deutlich von der narkose geschw\u00e4chten herrn einfach aus dem behandlungszimmer auf den flur gesetzt hat , mit den worten ein ruheraum wird bestimmt gleich frei und da musste der arme dann 20 minuten lang sitzen , obwohl man wirklich gesehn hat wie schlecht es ihm ging ! ! ! sowas m\u00f6chte ich nicht erleben , ich lass mich dort nicht weiterbehandeln .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ein facharzt , zu dem man perse wegen seines fachgebietes nicht wirklich gerne geht . deshalb isr man auch irgendwie irritiert \u00fcber die fehlende empathie des arztes , der bei zwischendurch halb ge\u00f6ffneter behandlungszimmert\u00fcr fleissig weiter eigene intimit\u00e4t mit f\u00fc\u00dfen tritt . ich glaube , ohne auf irgendwelche neigungen eingehen zu wollen , er hat irgendwie spa\u00df daran , anderen leuten im analbereich rumzufummeln .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i highly recommend ordering the euro-short sizes . these are proper 6oz serving sizes with the ideal proportion of milk to espresso . if you enjoy the taste and aroma nuances of craft brewed coffee , you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "damn skippy , the people here were some of the nicest i have ever encountered in a coffee shop , especially on a dreary-ass saturday afternoon . found through a family member 's iphone app ( damn kids and their toys nowadays -- when i was a kid we just had to walk around and hope to find a coffee shop , blah , blah , blah ) , i was n't expecting much but was nicely surprised by their selection . i had one of the coffee milkshakes , which was so good i hope they 'll introduce it soon in bucket size .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phoenix is my favorite coffee place in cleveland . to the poster who complained that they use a `` pre-made '' base for iced coffee & chai - it 's cold toddy ( the best kind of coffee used for iced drinks ) and the chai is a tea concentrate they make in-house ( which i 've never once found at another coffee shop . in general , chai tea lattes use oregon chai or some other mediocre pre-mix ) . i guess you could wait the 6 hours it takes to make the chai concentrate , but that does n't sound convenient to me . their mochas are also better than any other coffee shop if you are in the mood for something decadent . great service all around . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was not impressed with my cappuccino here -- so milky such that i could barely taste the coffee , but i was impressed with the decor . the lamps and paint shades are darling and make a dreary cleveland winter day into spring . in the future , i 'd stick to the french press .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "within days i was able to utter , `` i 'll have the regular '' - and the employees responded with my exact , slightly high maintence , coffee order . it 's a place to feel like a regular right in your own neighborhood . what makes them even better is the curb side delivery service . i can sit in my heated car , and they bring the coffee right to me ! free internet , great board games you can borrow , and unique drinks . not your average coffee shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the phoenix takes the top prize in coffee fanaticism here in cleveland . a whole lot of work goes into each individual latte , cappuccino , french press et all . these barristas take their job seriously . they are very knowledgeable about their product . bottom line - you wait for your coffee , and it is worth the wait . very -very- good . the french-press by the cup is a bit too intense for me , but it is the real deal . this is a great addition to the warehouse district . locally owned , environmentaly concious , nerdy , open at 6am weekdays too ! not too much food wise yet . soups were uninspired , limited pastries , but it is early . this location only open a month . but i got ta say , the best latte i ever had . i am addicted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful branding and equally delightful free trade coffee . in town for business , i set up shop with my counterpart pumped to bust out a few hours of intense computer face time . outlets : check . relaxing atmosphere : check . snacks : check . comfy chairs : check . helpful baristas : check . free wifi : check . and perhaps most important of all - tasty coffee : double check ! i fell in love with the look and feel of this place and kinda wish i had the equivalent closer to home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry that i did n't review this phoenix location before they closed . what a huge loss to downtown cleveland . i took out-of-town friends here when they visited cleveland to show them what an awesome coffee shop was like . i came here for some great chats during the `` phoenix forum '' discussion series in spring 2010 . this phoenix location pioneered the `` french press on-tap '' concept . this phoenix location had a great interior set-up . this phoenix location was truly unique . i visited this shop less than i did the other 4 phoenix cafes . it 's really sad that i wo n't visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had no idea about all the wonderful amenities this place provides that are listed in cara l 's review . obviously , her review is much more useful and probably more cool than mine too . but , bubble coffee ? now that 's funny . mmm , iced coffee and then what the frick is that ? ! balls ? it 's amazing and fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good coffee , good muffin , average vegan scone-thing . just cause it 's vegan does n't mean it has to be dry and boring . but i do appreciate the effort . good service too . nice patio out front .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "phoenix coffee is like the warm blanket on a cold night ... something you know that you can always rely on . they have an amazing unique atmosphere and a ton of specialty drinks ranging from the traditional cup of coffee or tea to specialty mocha 's and lattes . it is located on west 9th , very easy to get to if you are downtown , particularly if you are working and need a quick coffee break . awesome place to enjoy free time , work time , chill time or study time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phoenix coffee imports the finest beans that cleveland has ever seen ! i really enjoyed the tanzanian peaberry via drip . i must try it via french press ! moreover , the baristas are friendly and are knowledgable about the beans . i look forward to my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what ? ! i ca n't believe this location is closed now . when i used to work in cleveland , i lived right above this phoenix - it was a true gem . transplanted from much larger cities like la and boston , these guys had some seriously good coffee - it almost made me not hate the miserable winter i had to endure . i 've never been to any of the other locations but if any of the others are of similar caliber , i 'd highly recommend checking them out ! i sometimes wish i could have a pocket sized version of this shop - i 'd be cranking out serious coffee all the time then !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pastries , service , and coffee - awesome atmosphere too : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know it 's cheap , and it 's a motel , but i still have expectations of no previous user 's hair all over the pillow cases . pretty gross .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "checked in around midnight from a long day of traveling . the room was minimally clean but i was exhausted so i thought i could manage for a night . about half an hour later a cracked out man decided to come persistently knock on my door and try to get in , along with the room next door . then ! i decided to check for bed bugs , and what do you know ? maroon brownish clusters on the underside of the mattress . i went to the front desk and the girl would n't do anything . only explained that it 's policy for terminx to come and prove if it was true or not before issuing a refund . after dealing with the gm , and determining somehow i was wrong , i could not get my money back . some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced . do not stay here ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed over night one night last month while visiting cleveland clinic . found a bed bug early the next morning . caught the bug and took it to the office 2 different girls working there agreed they had bug problems and i infact had a bedbug . waited over an hour for the manager ( steve ) denied it was a bedbug . we went next door to days inn . watched him rent out the room we stayed in the same night we left . beware room 147 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this motel was gross , gross , gross ! they have done some renovations here in the past , but it was still a very poor motel 6 . i found three bugs on the couch , and there was one on the tv remote . now that scared the heck out of me ! the beds were very uncomfortable and hard . i am very happy i know what to expect out of motel 6 's . i gave this motel 2 stars because it was cheap , a price of around 40 bucks . and there are a lot of restaurants around . so if you are worried about finding bugs in your food , then just go to a nearby restaurant . i absolutely hated how you had to pay for the wifi . i recommend going to the motel 6 in richfield . it is much nicer and got a four star rating . it is also not to far away from this one . i am warning you , stay away from this place at all costs !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one word nasty ! there 's always police getting calls here and rooms are gross half the time air conditions do n't work and there are women that like to come up and offer stuff . good thing it 's not so pricey but also not the cleanest motel . i would n't allow my dog to sleep here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away ! the worst hotel chain ever . the rooms are dirty , shabby , out of date . there is no staff . forget about any kind of service . housekeeping is a joke and they do not care . the room had fleas . i had to checkout . wi fi you have to pay for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the good : this motel is just about $ 40 so it 's easy on the wallet ; it 's close to the freeway , and there are a lot of restaurants in walking distance . the bad : do n't expect much for your $ 40 . the front desk staff is average to poor , the ice machine does n't work , there were long hairs on the sheets and towels , there was a large area of the carpet by the sink that was soaked & squishy , you 've got to pay for internet access , there were stains on the headboard ; the credit card system was down so we had to find a nearby atm in order to pay cash since they wanted all of our stay paid in advance when we checked in . suggestion : this place is not for those who want a cheap and clean place . you get one or the other . lol if you want to spend a bit more money , there are at least 4 other motels next door or across the street from here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came in when it first opened to buy a bag of whole beans for home use . the girl who helped me was very nice however i was quite disappointed that they do n't offer even a free small coffee when you buy a bag of beans which most other coffee shops do . also the beans were a lot pricier than other ones i have bought and the flavor was not great .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a great place . i love walking into beautiful coffee shops that make me feel welcomed . i feel like thats rare now a days . this is the second of their location that ive been to and youl can see the passion the company puts into their product . decided to have lunch with a friend at this location and it was delicious ! there were different avocado toasts to choose from , i had the bft ( super delicious btw ) and my friend had the bacon burrito . all the portions were surprisingly decent for the price . the staff was very helpful and didnt mind any of our questions , and didnt even try to rush us when other people lined up behind us . it was very comfortable . i will be back whenever i am in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coffee is good . ordered poached eggs and bacon - the egg whites were uncooked and the bacon was 80 % fat and uncooked ! had to dump the entire thing , uneaten , in the trash . what a waste ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! cook the food !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little place to have a cigar ! they have a good selection and a very comfortable indoor lounge , the outdoor areas looked nice too . prices were n't bad for a normal online shopper , and the staff were all great help in selecting a smoke and making you feel welcome and comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wondeful place to smoke a cigar . perfect ash has a decent selection of cigars . they have an indoor and outdoor seating section . tonight was a gorgeous evening to smoke a cigar outside . angie was very knowledgeable about cigars and very friendly to every customer that walked in . i will definitely go back and have a cigar on the outdoor patio ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice little shop . off the beaten path , but very cozy , casual atmosphere with a solid selection . regulars were friendly and welcoming . visiting from chicago and found it on yelp . recommend it highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent selection . a nice cozy place to sit back and smoke . friendlier than some of the other lounges i been to . cigar selection is a bit small , but does have a few gems for the picking . have n't smoked on the patio due to weather being cold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting from out of town from ny metro , needed a good smoke after a long day . though a bit tricky to find , it is worth the the slightly added effort . think of it this way , if your spouse says you can not smoke those things in the house , you may take your smoke out to your decent sized tool shed in the backyard . now , take that tool shed , and convert it to an upscale cabin , add a good sized humidor , add your man cave leather chairs and paraphernalia , then appoint with even more amenities and a wooden indian to watch over the place . almost lost one star for rating due only to the gps sending me behind the location . want to find it more easily , google the us post office location and you are spot on . basically , comfortably perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little cigar store and lounge . found this place last year on a visit , stopped in again . not a big selection , but will have something you like . i like full-flavored maduro , had one just right . has wifi , but did n't get much work done because good conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this neck of the woods is so underrepresented on yelp . but here 's another hidden gem of a euro bakery ! it 's a classic greek bakery offering a variety of yummie , omnomerific goodness . there 's a huge selection of pastries , cakes , and cookies including standard fare such as baklavas . they 're so yummie and sweet , i swear my teeth want to jump out on the spot . the key is the quality honey and dough that they use . seriously not going to find many better places it . but here 's a little secret . i 'm usually here for the nutella filled chocolate covered cookies . when i want to `` be the man '' at a party , i bring over a box of these crispy , melt in your mouth cookie candies . once these get unveiled and the ladies sample one , everyone wants to go home with me after . i 'm not sure what they put into these , but i swear it 's better than ecstasy . giggidy giggdy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night agapi mou ( my greek lovah ) brought over two boxes of fresh goodies from select bakery . each box must have weighed 3lbs as they were filled with extremely fresh honey soaked goodies . the loukoumades here were the best i 've ever had ! they were like `` mini '' loukoumades ( loukoumadakia ) only the size of a quarter or so . they were soaked heavily in honey . i also tried touloubes for the first time , which were a tube-shape piece of fried dough soaked in the honey liquid . these were the sweetest greek treat i 've tried yet , completely ridiculous . honourable mentions for the baklava , kadafia , galaktoboureko ( custard pie ) and melomakarona ( honey walnut macaroons ) . they also seem to sell everything in a chocolate dipped variety as well . clap clap . 6 hours later i fell into a deep honey-induced coma-like sleep . i 'm going to the gym later today .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i walk in here there are lots of goodies . i always wonder how they keep it all so fresh ! today i bought a loaf of bread for $ 1.75 . the grocery store is $ 3.99 . i think this is definitely a win as well as i love supporting my neighbourhood business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best baklava ever ! ! ! i first tried their baklava years ago as i got a box from friends that came over to visit ... since then , i 've tried baklava from many places and it 's never been as good as select bakery . whenever i 'm in the area i make sure to get some ... it might even be worth the 40min drive over from my place ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breads and sweets are very nice and staff is very friendly and helpful . the one thing that i do n't like is when you buy sweets and they put them in their fancy box with their name on it they charge you for the box ! ! if you buy tulumbes ( not sure if i spelled it right ) the box at $ 14 per kg comes out to $ 1 . you add that up over a month of buying treats from their and your spending $ 20- $ 25 on stupid boxes . asked the owner why he does n't put a tare on the weigh scales for the boxes and he basically said if you do n't like it go somewhere else ! so i did , bye bye : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered a strawberry shortcake for my moms surprise birthday party . select bakery did such a wonderful job with a shortish- notice request . the cake was not only beautiful , but really fresh and tasty ! i would recommend this bakery for any large cake order as they are affordable and the quality is great . the order process was very smooth - customer service was friendly and responded to emails quickly . thanks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been in here quite a few times over the years and probably went up a few pant sizes because of it . glad it 's on a crappy bus route or i would have to wear track pants by now . they have an ample choice of pastries , cookies , bread and a pretty sizable olive bar . the place is super clean and the staff is pretty friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the greek baked goods are delicious ! cinnamon ring and apple turnover are my favs . it 's more of a take out place but they do have couple of dozen seats by the front window where you can just sit and enjoy your baked goods with tea or coffee which they also sell . -- parking -- free parking in front after 6pm . meter parking of $ 3 @ 1 2 hr 9am to 6pm . be aware , the meter cop likes to come around 5:30pm to give parking tickets to anyone parked there without having bought a parking from the machines .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this grocery shop is away from the greek danforth street but now is the best for greek groceries in toronto . we bought spinach and cheese pies , feta cheese and olives . all were excellent and inexpensive . they have lots of pastries as well as greek groceries . highly recommended", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everytime i 'm in the neighbourhood , i make it a point to come here and get their baklava .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i definitely recommend to try their deli sandwiches , the meat is so fresh and tastes really yummy . the service is good and friendly . the traditional greek sweets are also very delicious . you can also find here some greek groceries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "under every normal circumstance i would have given this bakery a 4 or 5 but as i went in today and asked for a specific product which they refused to sell me because of their `` display '' . had i gone into any other bakery and asked for a specific cake cupcake or piece of dessert they would have given to me but the front lady and baker refused and not only that but the baker was condescending and talked down to me as if i were an idiot . maybe had their not been visual a visual difference i would n't have been so picky but as you can see by the picture there was a difference in quality ( old versus fresh ) i will never step foot in here especially considering i can make this stuff myself at home but did n't want to be bothered making huge batches", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the baklava literally saved my life . the only other baklava that compares is a discrete little place near mt . taigetos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will not be back . the server did not include all the items in the box that i paid for . when i followed up to clarify the concern , they ignored my email . very poor customer service and i am sad that as a long time customer , i was treated with such disregard . there are many other great bakeries on the danforth that i would recommend instead of this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the eclairs and whatever these hazelnut cinnamon macaroons were unlike anything i 've ever tasted . sooo amazing ! i 'm almost glad i do n't live close because it would be deadly . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this bakery on donlands near o'connor . they have a great selection of baked goods -- - cakes , all kinds of cookies ( those great butter ones ) , and greek pastries ( wonderful baklava and lots of different kinds too ) . try out the pastries too -- - fancy ones of all kinds . you can get some other greek grocery type goods as well . very reasonable too , and lots of choices . the hubby loved the hazelnut chocolate mousse , and i love the orange baba . parking is right in front on the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's rare to get bread that is n't still warm out of the oven here . their chocolate-dipped baklava and rice pudding are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "select is a cultural overload . from the moment you step through those large glass doors into the overwhelming piles of european ( specifically greek ) pastries , fridges , and assorted canned goods , it 's a charlie and the chocolate factory kind of experience . aside from culturally specific items , they also have great cakes that range between $ 24-30 and unbelievable greek pastries . the baklava is divine and the loukoumades actually do n't taste as disgustingly sweet as the ones on the danforth . speaking from personal experience , their cakes are packaged in a sturdy box that can survive a 2 hour trek on foot , subway and bus . service can be slow on a friday afternoon or on the weekends , but the girls behind the counter hustle , and you can tell . the bonus is watching old greek couples yell out orders in greek and bicker with each other , or when the girls get recognized by family friends . cultural tourism aside , their baked goods are really the most reasonably priced for the quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a really great , old-school greek bakery . worth the short drive north from the danforth . parking can be tricky saturday afternoons and sundays after church , but always worth it . the desserts are always reliably good , the breads are fine , love love love the little containers of baked custard , but the absolute star of the show for me - the sesame rings - like the outside of a perfect montreal bagel without the innards . $ 0.40 a piece ( i 'd pay more for sure ) - hard to stop snacking on them . warmed up at home with sweet butter and some cherry or plum preserves on the side , they 're better than any cake .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no question that the food here is great . first rate . but the service can be bad . prepare to be ignored . i keep coming back because of the quality of the food , but am generally prepared to wait because the staff will just look right through me . i become invisible trying to get service at select bakery . but , as i said , really good baked goods .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "select bakery is a great little euro greek bakery in york . i try to stop there every time i 'm in the area , which is about 3-4 times a year . their baclava is truly as good as my old nextdoor neighbor 's ( she was from greece ) . they also have a ton of other delicious pastries that i 'm not going to even attempt to spell ! just trust what the people there suggest and i guarantee you 'll be satisfied . high praise as i love this bakery !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm glad that i 'm home now ! after work , my friend and i were planning to go for dinner downtown . we were excited because it was such a busy week at work . as i was driving , my car kept stalling ; something did n't seem right so i turned on to a side street . finally the oil icon turned up on my dashboard . i checked my oil and there was nothing . strange because a new car that had an oil change only a few months ago would n't be empty already . upon further investigation , i found that the drain plug was n't tight enough ( which resulted in the leaking of my oil ) . huge thank you to the parking enforcement officer who was so understanding of my situation and did n't give me a ticket as i rushed to canadian tire to get oil .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude guy at the front desk is something else ... hard to believe they are still in business with the way he treats people . they lost a customer . too bad", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unbelievable quick service ! and the have a nitrogen machine to fill up my tire to match the other 3 . nice guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pleasant and fast . never feel like i am getting ripped off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been taking my car to sammy 's for over ten years now . new cars and old jalopies , i trust sammy ( and his crew ) . when searching for a garage , i asked everyone i knew for someone they trust . i did n't want the cheapest ( although they are competitive ) , but i wanted to pay fair value for quality work performed . i disagree with the other reviews posted here ( which is what prompted me to write this one ) . sammy 's service centre is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner of this shop , sammy , was a rude bastard . rolled in on my motorcycle and asked if i could borrow an allen key as my bar-end mirror had come loose . stared at me for 5 seconds then simply said `` no , we do n't loan out our tools here '' . went next door to the firestone shop and the mechanic was frickin sweet ! fixed my mirror in about thirty seconds , now i 'm going there to finally get new summer tires and have them installed balanced . could n't believe what a douchelord sammy was . also , nice name , idiot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a place that prides itself on sandwiches , their bread - arguably the most important part of the sandwich - is just outright terrible . i gave up flavorless and textureless wonderbread in like 3rd grade . if you want a real sandwich that is made for adults with taste buds - go to dibella 's . i do like the beer selection , though . and the fries are pretty decent . so 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well here 's our local chain 's latest expansion . i love primanti 's and always have . i 'm never a fan of the suburban restaurant version . i 'm a strip district girl through and through . with that said ... i approve of this location . the layout is n't much different than when it was prairie or verde . bartenders and servers are super friendly and talkative . sandwich was good . cheese combo with extra cheese and slaw on the side . the bread was fresh which is a huge deal because usually stale at locations like market square , robinson and south side . kudos to this one indeed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing sandwiches and friendly staff . you can not go wrong with anything on the menu . definitely get your taste buds ready for some awesomeness ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place . cool antique furniture . nick cares a lot about cigars and is willing to answer questions and make recommendations . great drink selections . food is good . they have a couple tvs in the cigar lounge in case you enjoy sports . small cigar selection . but , they put a lot of thought into what they do carry . they just opened , so the selection may expand in time . i wish they had different ashtrays . glad i brought my cigar rest .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they opened only 4 days ago , but i stopped in for a good cigar . they have a decent amount of cigars , also have a very relaxed atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to stop in for a late night puff or an after-date night cap . the service was prompt and friendly to boot ! i especially love that they have a decent selection of ladies ' cigars for those of us who like to occasionally partake . i definitely recommend this lounge and can not wait to visit again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so had a unexperienced server so service was not good but which is not bad she just maybe needed more training . we were double charged on the card thought it was mistake called they manager in charge of that she has been running us around saying she will call back and get it taken care of the charges remains on the card we call her back and she tells us she has n't had time to correct issue and will call us back but she never does . our 50 dollar brunch with horrible service turned into a 100 dollar brunch with horrible service . due to the managers negligence to her customers i would recommend not scheduling you party there or even go there for a meal unless you like getting double charged .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place to stop in for a late night-cap and cigar . staff very attentive especially nick ! ask for an update on the history of the building , they will gladly tell you . nice place for good conversation , smoke and cocktail . thank you for bring this to glendale !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place , good cigars . purchased an oliva serie o cigar . decent price for a quality cigar . humidors seem to be well controlled and set . nice addition to downtown glendale . would not hesitate to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i feel like james franco in 11 22 63 when i walk through the doors to this joint . if you like cigars and old antique shit , you will pop a boner when you walk through the doors . smoke cigars , drink fine whisky ( or beer , or wine ) and take a load off in this kick ass establishment . i do n't know about the food they serve , did n't eat any . if they served dog turds covered in cheese whiz i would still fuck with this place heavy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to have fun and relax . great atmosphere and friendly staff . highly recommend if you like cigar lounges .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers ! man i do n't know ... i think this is probably the best hamburger i have had in a while ! cool atmosphere too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here with my wife and daughter after hearing a few friends say it was amazing , ... ... ... very disappointing , i mean the burgers are n't terrible but they are not great either just kinda there you know what i mean . pretty pricey as well i think 3 burgers and 1 large order of fries and 3 drinks was like $ 27 . in and out is a much tastier and affordable option .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i eat here weekly . at this pace i will be as big as five guys . but i ca n't help it . big juicy burger double stacked , topped just the way i like it , and served with enough cajun fries for three guys , this place makes the food i like . it 's a man meal fit for a trucker . it 'd take five guys just to keep me out of this joint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will make this real easy for you . just go to in-and-out burger if you do n't want to feel gross and poor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will never go back to a 5 guys . the food is way over priced and i personally feel sick . i 'm very dissatisfied . at least the staff was nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "holy crap - what a disaster . i can only pray that the ones on the east coast are better than this . if this really is obama 's favorite place , i might have to reconsider my support of him . i do n't even know where to begin . let me just make a list of wtf items : wicked loud music with no theme or genre a bin of peanuts that people manhandle while in line peanut shells on the floor `` regular '' burgers have two patties `` little '' burgers that are $ 5 just a disaster . go to smashburger , please . you 'll love it . this place , however , is a joke . also , if you have a peanut allergy , i really would n't recommend going in here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yeah . super pricey . over $ 14 bucks for a greasy poorly made sloppy burger , with two stale 4 '' burger patties . a large drink ( the highlight of the visit was they had mello yello ) and some extra salty fries . will not go back . chuckbox has always been the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have been to this store multiple times ! and even though it 's $ 11 for a double burger , fries and a drink , it 's freakin worth it . 5 guys smashes on in-n-out . in-n-out is good , do n't get me wrong , but 5 guys is on another level . love their fries , love their burgers , love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love how everything is included with the burger , hate going to taco bell and being told that sour cream is extra .. they dont pull that - the fries are good bugers are actually tasty and service is good too", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah , it was high quality beef , but the fries were overpriced and mushy , got so many orders wrong i just enjoyed my free bacon and ask for more mustarrd and lettuce . i still like carl 's jr sandwich with no bun , and wrapped in lettuce for fast food , and joes farm grill is worth the drive for many many reasons . it was nice , but very self serving since all the decor was of the `` look we are awesome '' $ 24 for 2 burgers fries and a drink is great . ( and the bun couldnt hold up the bread , which was kinda weird , it just decenigrated . friendly folks , diet mr pibb , good music , and ... overall , i recomend it if yur in the area and want a step up from drive through . ) the big deal is free condiments , but they were all sorta spartan and bland , even when i ask for a stupidly huge amount of stuff if i find myself back there , i 'll ask for well done fries and see is that helps", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very disappoint in the burger ! ! very sloppy presentation . quality control is n't there . i got 3 4 of a patty and very little grilled onions and mushrooms were from a can ! ! ! i ordered lettuce but it was sparse , too . the burger had no flavor . however , loved the french fries and the cool soft drink machine was fun to operate . did n't like all the yelling from the cooks . would rather have had an in and out burger any day ! this is certainly not the best burger in the phoenix metro area when we have joe 's farm grill , delux , zinburger and bluburger . i do n't desire to ever return and will head to in and out the next time for a quick burger meal that has these five guys beat in quality and value . do n't waste your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a good place if you want a decent burger . would n't say it is the best burger i have ever had , however , it is tasty and hearty and the veggies ( lettuce , tomato , etc ) always taste fresh . i like that large amount of toppings to choose from . prices are decent for what you get . a tip : i have heard that their regular burgers are huge so i always order the jr burger and its more than enough . also , the smalls fries are basically like a large at most other places so i do n't even wan na picture what the large looks like . atmosphere is clean and service is pretty quick . like i said , a decent place for a burger in this neck of the woods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like this place but the customer service at this location has ruined my expectations for five guys and can give 2 stars only . i ordered 2 burgers and 2 fries to go . one burger with mushrooms and another burger without the bun . waited a few minutes and they called my number , i was handed one brown bag and asked is this everything , he said , `` yes , 2 burgers and 2 fries '' . i got home and only had 1 burger . i was frustrated , called and asked what happened , they said oh sorry we forgot to give you the burger without a bun . i said i couldnt come back for 30min to pick it up . upon my return , they didnt remake the burger but gave me the one they forgot to give , it wasnt even warm . no apology or compensation , acted as if it was my fault that i didnt get it . very bad experience , i wont return to this location and hope other locations can deliver a 5 star experience", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great burger-they never skimp on the fries and the buns are never stale . i could do without the dine in however , it 's usually too busy to sit down and enjoy a meal . i just take it home . you can pay a lot more at other boutique burger joints ( coal burger leaps to mind ) , and get a lot lesser of a product .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its was just ok ! liked the fresh jalapenos option , fries hardly had seasoning , was a bit pricey , but filling . free peanuts , but was n't sure if it was ok to throw on the floor . they use the same color scheme as in n out which i thought was humerous . i 'll still give it another try in a few months .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's asking a lot of burger joints these days to offer a burger that actually tastes like beef but five guys does not fall in that category . incredible flavor ! made to order makes a difference people . everything about this burger is worth the hassle of airport security or five hour drive from vegas . can i get an amen for free toppings ? i thought so . cajun fries were to die for , i 'm convinced they were sprinkled with heroin as even after i declared myself unable to get out of my chair without assistance i could n't stop shoveling these fries . note , the regular size is about the same size as the drink cups and enough for two ( possibly 3 ) to share . next time i 'm in phoenix i 'll definitely be back with an empty stomach and my elastic lined pants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have eaten there a few times . and the burgers are pretty good and they give you a crazy amount of fries . my daughter loves the soda machine . but it is over priced so we would eat there more if it was cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm only giving it 3 stars because of the price ! but the burgers and fries are delicious . the burgers are made to order just for you ! has a good amount of toppings for your burger . the fries are amazing ! they have spicy fries as well ! but for the price , enjoy every bite ! if anyone has an recommendations for a good burger in the valley ... please let me know ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite hamburger joint in phoenix . the hamburger meat is juicy and tasty . the toppings are fresh , but are the same toppings as a lot of other joints . the meat is what makes this burger - it is simply fantastic . the french fries are tasty and are best served with malt vinegar and ketchup . the free peanuts are a nice touch and serve as a something to nosh on while the food is being prepared . my favorite burger joint in az .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "same red white colors as in-n-out however twice the price and half the flavor ... very disappointing and i 'm not even a fan of in-n-out . for that kind of pricing model , you are better off going to delux , red robin , blu burger or actually any restaurant or dive bar and you will get a better burger for the same price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come in here about once a month with my family , and today was that stop . had great service with a smile . ca n't ask for anything more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly service . burgers are average . buns are terrible . very expensive", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing burgers and great service plus enough fries to feed an army ! sure , the price is a bit higher than most places but the only burgers in town that hold a candle to five guys are culvers and rumbi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food nice service but very disappointing to find hair melted in the cheese with my burger .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "five guys is a step above burger king in burger quality . if you 're looking for a fast food burger , i 'd keep it as an option , but if it 's between this place or in-n-out , just stick with in-n-out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "five guys makes a pretty good cheeseburger . good bun , patties have very good taste and texture ( a bit on the greasy side , though ) . i did n't care for the semi-soft american cheese ; i prefer cheese with flavor over cheese with meltiness . excellent selection of toppings , aside from the cheese ( how about offering swiss and sharp cheddar as well ? ) . i 'd give five guys 3-4 stars if a cheeseburger , fries and drink ran slightly north of $ 7 . but a cheeseburger and a drink ( no fries ) is $ 8.35 with tax . for that kind of money the burger should be exemplary . and it 's not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "kind of hard to screw up burgers and fries . i dig it-of course it 's horrible for you , but everything in moderation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the crew at this five guys is about as entertaining as it gets . not only do they get your food fast they put on a show as you wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers neat concept to the old burger staff was ok the need a mgr that washes his hands luckily he did not handle my food", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we paid $ 17 for a single cheeseburger and a double cheeseburger with any toppings of our choice plus two drinks . we shared a regular fry . the burger was good and the people were nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "average burger , average taste , above average prices . anyone who thinks this is good food has no credibility when it comes to food . if you want cheap cheese , bland meat , and a lot of grease and want to pay too much this is the place . i go to columbus oh for work , graffiti burger is the place over there . they have a big sign over the five guys in columbus . i passed by the five guys , almost empty , go to graffiti , packed . there is a reason for that , they serve the best burgers around . i so wish az had a place like that . until that happens , i am in search for the best burger in az .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in general the food at five guys is pretty darn good . however i would recommend you check your food to make sure they got all the condiments you ordered on it . when they 're busy they tend to forget a condiment or two . other than that the place is clean and orderly . good atmosphere good music .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "five guys is a little pricey when it comes to burger joints but waddling out the door in a near food coma makes it worth it . the portions are huge and totally delicious , i can hardly make it through my burger much less the fries . this place is a winner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i missed the memo that the burgers not designated as little are actually doubles . so , i 've now eaten my first ever double cheeseburger . good thing i was starving . on a normal day , i 'll have to remember to get the `` little cheeseburger '' . the cajun fries have a little bit of a kick ... nothing crazy , just a little flavor . the thing that i was most entertained by was the super awesome digital coke fountain machine . there must 've been at least 50 different flavors of coke products , many of which i 've never heard of like raspberry coke or orange coke .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burgers are going downhill . did they change the meat ? messed up half the order . slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have never eaten at this restaurant before , but to go in here and get the food that i got and pay $ 34 plus i 'm absolutely appalled . it was the worst hamburger i 've ever had in my life my son and i did n't even eat and we actually threw them away along with their gross fries . just praying we do n't gets sick from the nasty food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great experience ! the food was made to order , and the fries are excellent ! the entire staff is friendly , especially lindsey . she was wonderful and made our visit even better ! burgers are very tasty , but maybe just a `` little '' pricey . overall a great time - we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here i did n't think it was as good as all the hype people told me about it , but the bext few times i realized their burger is amazing and the fries are the best thing . be sure to order the regular fries , you get a large portion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people ( staff ) were great : no problem at all in that departmentl . the burger was ... eh ... .okay ; however , for the price , i would rather go to a regular sit-down location , like a red robin . there , the burgers are high-end , the seating is pleasant and the price , for the food , is more reasonable ( relative to what you get and the taste ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am reviewing solely based on the food . expensive yes- delicious yes- over priced- darn hard to eat anywhere for less then 10 bucks anymore . get water and save yourself a few dollars . sorry in and out is definitely outclassed by this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came in the other night and ordered a little bacon cheeseburger and when i got it there was hardly any meat the fries were n't salted at all and they were cold . there were 9 guys and it still took 15 minutes to get my food it was just annoying", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if the pricing was inline -4 stars , i 'm sorry burger , fries and drink should not be 12 dollars plus this is not a 7 dollar burger - in and out wins", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i liked this place.friendly staff , little pricey but staff make the place worth going . thank you for the good first time experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always have a great experience at this restaurant . the staff is very friendly and attentive . quality of food is excellent , from juicy burgers to fresh fries . it is a great place to take our little ones because they have a couple of large tables in the back . added bonus : the music is always amazing . yes it is pricey for a burger joint , but you get what you pay for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when my parents told me this place was amazing . i knew it would have to be to please them . they were right , five guys has delicious burgers and the fries just taste like real potatoes so that is always a plus ! service was really good and they more options for toppings then most other places . overall it was a good experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're craving a burger , this is the place to come . great service , great food , and super fast ! ! we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a burger and fry joint~okay . we decided to give it a shot with a big group of friends after church on a sunday . we dropped 80.00 on about 9 people for drinks , frys and burgers . the hamburgers were okay ... i think this was a little over priced , but the food was really good . my youngest daughter who is 9 years old~wrote a review~ and said `` drinks~good '' food~ '' nasty '' only because she did not get her hamburger the way she ordered it ... just ketchup please lol ... i asked her to rewrite her review since she would be posting it on the bulletin board in the lobby for everyone to see . she rewrote it and just said the food was good~but would have been better if i had gotten what i ordered . leave it to a brutally honest 9 year old girl to be so blunt . overall ~ we would probably go back~but would opt for in n out for a cheaper burger . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mmmm ... best burgers and the cajun fries ... .wow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "freakin love this place . service is always good . takes a little while to actually get your food . but we 'll worth it ! ! also it 's pretty expensive . so we only go there once every 2-3 months . but we look forward to it every time we go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had a bad experience at 5 guys in my life and i have went to several locations on several occasions . tonight , however , was different . messed up order twice , cold and hard buns , cold burger , and staff that spent too much time dicking around and not enough time doing their jobs or providing the type of service 5 guys is known for . disappointed and will not be back to this location : ( . sad considering it 's down the road from my house !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as an american tourist in edinburgh for a few days , i was searching for some clothing stores that offered something different from the fashion styles we have in the us . i hit the jackpot with joy and fell in love with all the louche london dresses . very vintage inspired and not the kind of stuff i can normally find in the states . as other yelpers mentioned , it is a bit like urban outfitters , but i would say the clothes are a bit more feminine and have cleaner lines . i 'll definitely be buying clothes online from joy . to other americans visiting edinburgh , i say you must make a stop in joy if you love clothes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joy is a clothes shop , and as such - i do not rate it that highly , the clothes always seem nice ( at least the guy 's t-shirts , i 'm not sure on the girls clothes ) but expensive for what they really are . where it excells however , it its ability to always have something funny , cool or down right odd to give as a birthday gift . yes , this place is a treasure trove of quirky little gifts , books , toys and cards . it really is an excellent place to come for that last minute ''i-dont-know-what-to-get '' gift . joy is really a diamond in the rough - the rough being princes mall , which is just a bit crap - but joy shines out , and is pretty damned sparkly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "joy is one of the few reasons to visit the waverley market ( or princes mall as it insists on calling itself nowadays ) . it is a funky little emporium selling great vintage inspired women 's wear and quirky accessories ; think urban outfitter but on a smaller , cheaper and less 'cooler than thou ' scale . when i last visited , on a thursday evening , the shop was n't very busy at all and one of the assistants was more than happy to help my friend find the perfect party dress whilst i chatted to her colleague about hairdos - i 'm not sure you 'd get this kind of service in any of the larger city centre fashion stores . in addition to the pretty dresses , there are loads of clothes that would be suitable for work ( i.e . smart , yet quirky and stylish ) . it 's definitely a place worth checking out on a shopping trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joy is the saving grace of an otherwise tired and empty shopping mall . a relatively new store , it offers rather quirky , fun fashion as well as a range of gifts and cards which are great fun . i love joy for christmas party season when you are trying to find those perfect dresses within a reasonable budget . while everyone else will be tottering up in the same topshop clobber , you are bound to be one of the few that have ventured out of the normal high street stores into this fun little shop . the clothes are far more exciting than the what you would find on the high street and they usually have a great sale rail if money is tight . the gift selection is great fun , full of funny knick knacks that nobody really needs but they will give a laugh or two . they are the kind of gifts you look at and think ''haha that would be perfect for my single friend who needs a grow your own boyfriend kit '' .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whenever i have a birthday coming up i head straight to joy . they always have really quirky things . in edinburgh , there are not many places you could go to buy some of the stuff that glasgow or london have on every corner , so it 's refreshing to see joy . as well as really fun birthday cards , quirky presents and really beautiful photoframes , they also have a really trendy fashion line . i bought a beautiful cream coat here last season for \u00a330 and always get compliments on it . i was surprised at how nice their clothes were . some of their stock can verge on tacky , but overall it 's really good value for money and always have good deals on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as eleanor says , it 's more or less exactly a smaller , less patronising version of urban outfitters , and so i 'm quite surprised at the apparent lack of succes for joy . this store is shoved unceremoniously in what is widely considered to be the armpit of edinburgh city centre , and their glasgow branch went down the shitter after only a couple of years . they used to do a brilliant line of geek t-shirts with video game characters on them . the sensible soccer one was my favourite , but it 's sadly long since gone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joy reminds me of a smaller , independent version of urban outfitters and i agree with other reviewers that it 's probably the best store in the whole of princes mall . they have a whole host of quirky dresses and clothing and i picked up a gorgeous floral number a few weeks ago at a very reasonable priced . i 'm obsessed with floral print just now and to be honest my current wardrobe looks rather samey but i just could n't resist yet another flowery dress and the one i found here is super pretty ! joy is also great for gifts and they have lots of silly gift ideas like fake moustaches , grow your own millionaire and various other novelty items that would be great for secret santa presents and the like . overall , a nifty little shop and definitely worth a browse if you 're looking for some shopping inspiration !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "joe is a shining light in an otherwise grim surrounding . it would fit in better amongst the urban chic of cockburn street but as it stands , you can find this outlet in the princes mall . selling indie , kitschy , quirky dresses for girls and some cool t shirts for guys ( think local celebrity and chunk ) , it 's moderately priced but still worth it . items in here last and they look kick ass . i 'm a big fan of the women 's clothing and jewellery but it 's a great resource for cool gifts . with everything from garden gnome keyrings , 50s inspired tea sets and notepads shaped like pistols , it has a lot of snappy offerings that will make a birthday that bit more fun . they also have a range of ( usually ) funny cards and whimsical wrapping paper . i love their 40s style dresses and have never been let down by their carousel inspired jewellery whenever i 've needed ideas for birthdays . like urban outfitters , but a bit more diverse ( not to mention cheaper ) !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like amy has said , joy brings a little ... well , joy to an otherwise frankly depressing shopping centre , and will probably realise it 's in the wrong place and move to the high street before long . it is a mixture of kitsch gifts and cards and funky clothes , all of which are not the cheapest . i get an obscene amount of pleasure reading humerous and rudey cards , so this place keeps me amused for a while . it also sells a great collection of needless gifts like sandwich cases , mini henry hoovers and build your own car kits . all of the stuff you would never need all under one roof . i particularly like the jewellery in here , which is cute and unique , and i do n't mind paying a little extra for quality . the sales in here are also one of the high points and i picked up a super cute pearly charm bracelet for a mere fiver ! a good , well needed addition to the flagging shopping mall , but would be better utilised on princes street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rarely many people in here , not much atmosphere . not sure how the place manages to stay open , it used to be a major player , but not for some years now . only night of the year it used to do any business was when highland council had their xmas party , but even the staff give it a wide berth now . not worth the journey .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place does the best pint of fosters i`ve tasted very chilled the food is pretty fabulous too big portions if your hungry . 1 pool table 2 dart boards 2 tv screens and a up to date jukebox . close to city centre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finlay 's is a traditional bar , close to the city centre . great for a chilled , reasonably priced pint or two over darts or pool . the bar staff are friendly and welcoming . they even have weekly quiz and poker nights , as detailed on http : www.miinverness.co.uk events certainly worth a pop in if the noisier , band filled pubs of the city centre are a wee bit much for you , and you fancy a good , old fashioned pint down the pub !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fabulous pizza but kind of a sketchy place if you want to dine in and `` enjoy the atmosphere '' it 's split into two parts-one with the area you order in , sit in a few booths or take out . then there 's the bar area . if you like people watching , ditch wal mart and go here . nice people but yeaaaah , interesting . and it 's even better on tuesday nights when it 's $ 1 night . they also have a nice , cozy patio area when it 's nice out . if you get a chance to stop by for lunch , they have great deals during the work week", "score": "4"}
{"review": "blacken cajun chicken pizza and greek salad ... .rocks ... . portions are large and more than one an eat if you get large ... i get small and always have left overs for the next day ... employees are friendly and effiecent . ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree w the majority of posters , for as long as they 've been open ( at least 2 years ) they act like they 've been open a week and everyone there is working in a restaurant for the 1st time ... the pizza is pretty good but no atmosphere and some of the shi-tiest acting people working there you can imagine ... its almost like its an episode of punk 'd where you go in and they have actors playing horrible employees who try and run you off or make you insane ... i 'm really surprised that its still open", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you go to this place make sure it 's on a tuesday . they have $ 1 slices and $ 1 beers . i went with a party of four and we had to wait about twenty minutes for a table , which was a little awkward because there is n't a good place to wait . we split one large pizza and downed 12 beers and everyone is out the door for about $ 7 . as other yelper 's have mentioned you may need a gas mask to survive the smoke but if the weather is comfortable you can grab a table outside .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love the pizza here . the lunch special of two slices of pizza and a drink for $ 4.50 is a great deal . the pizza is definitely greasy , but it 's oh so good . i 've also had their blackened chicken salad and it is really good , too . get a small unless you 're really hungry , because the small salad is actually really big . have n't been on a tuesday night in a while , but if they still have the $ 1 beer and $ 1 pizza slices , you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza is good almost a top 3 favorite . good and cheesey . the salads are huge no need to order the `` large '' . i had the picnic salad and it was pretty awesome . they have great ranch dressing . my friend likes their wings , i have n't tried them myself . the philly cheese steak.. eh , not so good to me . tasted more like a-1 than anything . i agree with garrett on the smoke problem . i 've only been early on weekends , and still the stale smoke smell gets to me , and that 's with no one smoking while i am there . they have some very delish mellow yellow !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stumbled into this place not long after hearing about them on a local radio show . to say the the service absolutely sucked would be far too kind . my meal was at best mediocre . i remember leaving and hearing the radio show host 's words in my head . he talks about spending 18 years in the food service industry . i wondered as what ... .a dishwasher ? ? ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were in the mood for pizza and a drink last friday , and my friend and i stumbled upon carmella 's in carmel commons . the restaurant was split between a well-lit pick up area and a hallway bar in the other room . we ordered a veggie pizza and sat at the dimly lit bar alongside several others watching football on several large tv screens behind the bartender . the pizza was stacked with fresh vegetables and the crust was a hearty treat to die for . after our meal we stayed and played some classic rock tunes on their internet jukebox and began talking music with some of our fellow drinkers along side us . i thought the atmosphere was tranquil and the guests were entertaining and happy to share a laugh with strangers . i am an eighties baby so i loved the classic pac-man and pinball machines at the end of the bar . the only negative aspect is this place is filled with more cigarette smoke than denis leary 's living room . otherwise , please come try that veggie pizza , its delicious !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "closed . great pizza joint with $ 1 beers and $ 1 pepperoni slices on tuesdays , but it is now closed . now where will all us cheap guys go for a beer and pizza ? updated 9 2012 all is not lost , if you are a fan of john 's on central , and how can you not be a fan of john 's , then be on the alert for jimmy ( of john 's ) taking over the carmella 's space redoing the whole interior and opening up a new place some time this fall . i expect jimmy and family will deliver a great dinning experience in his new place ,", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stumbled into this place after going to a concert and already having a few drinks . the pizza by the slice is amazing . the crust is to die for . yes , it 's smoky . yes , there are sketchballs . yes , the service can be bad . ultimate dive bar . it is what it is and i like it ! note : this may be the alcohol talking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend of mine from school recommended me this place , so i decided to visit . the decor is very odd and messy , the tables were greasy with dried rice on the chairs and dried sauce stains on the chair as well . the people that were working there was very rude . so i decided to get the student deal , since it seems like a good deal . in the student deal you get a quarter piece chicken , rice and potatoes . the chicken was dry , the rice is bland and potatoes were decent . the price for this dish was $ 4.99 . pretty much you get what you paid for . not worth it . better try somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the st. lawrence market is closed on mondays , and so i have to resort to other lunch options . a short walk from the market i stumbled across taste of mediterranean and it 's $ 4.99 quarter chicken dinner with rice and potatoes sounded pretty good . well it was n't . the chicken was dry , as it had been sitting in a heated tray for awhile , and the rice was bland and boring . you really do pay for what you get .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg what i mistake to have dinner there i went after i done my school i was really hungry so i went there i never seen more dirty and missy resturant like this even the food look so bad but i said let me buy falafel was dry and service very poor", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i signed up for a yelp account just to warn people about this place . i walked into taste of mediterranean today for lunch and saw the man behind the counter drop tongs on the floor , pick them up and place them on the counter . no washing , no wiping , no big deal . this seems suspicious , but i thought `` okay , maybe he 's going to wash them later ... he just wants to do my order first - obviously not using the floor-tongs . '' i ordered the quarter chicken , rice , potatoes special as advertised in the window . he picked up the tongs that were just on the floor and used them to pick up the piece of chicken from the warming tray . that is disgusting and unsafe . i ca n't help but wonder what safety standards he ignores when a customer is n't standing right in front of him . i strongly suggest everyone to avoid this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good price for the 1 4 chicken special . the food is tasty . but lots of carbs . the chicken skin is flavourful and crispy and the meat is tender . very good value", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't ... ..just do n't . my friend and i went in for lunch as we were craving falafel . she had a falafel on a pita which was not wrapped properly and completely fell apart . i only wanted a few falafel balls on there own ( usually $ .25 at every falafel place ) and some tzatziki with a tabouleh salad . they did not have tabouleh so i opted for the side potatoes . my meal cost $ 7.00 ! ! ! ! $ .75 per falafel ball , $ .75 for the tzatziki and $ 3.99 for the side potatoes ! the falafels were not that good ( very oily ) and the potatoes had a weird spice in them ... ... not work the money at all . this is a never to be repeated experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought an elliptical machine in 2010 . the machine had a 7 year part warranty which does n't expire till october . i use this machine so much that i actually cracked one of the arms . the part is no longer available so what does pierre at the store do ? he offers me a full credit on this 7 year old unit towards the purchase of a new machine and even discounts the delivery , set up and removal of the old unit . i took the opportunity to upgrade . just an incredible commitment to customer service . i have had other issues with that machine and each time , they were quick to fix it and at reasonable service charges . i also bought a landice treadmill for my wife which is a great unit . i would not hesitate to buy from this store as i have only had great experiences for many , many years . pierre , the general manager is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service and great products . i have been on the market in search of some home gym equipment . i have been scouring the internet , reading reviews , and watching video demonstrations for home gyms . i ended up here and received excellent service . greg and pierre helped me on separate days . they were patient in describing the differences between the equipment , demonstrating how to use the equipment , and i was also able to try the equipment out myself . at home fitness has some great quality products in their store . many of them come with lifetime warranties . i ended up purchasing from the store and can not wait for my home gym to arrive . the inspire m2 is amazing ! i had a fantastic experience with the store associate and i hope the same level of service is reflected with the delivery guys . can not wait for my first workout !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were very pleased with our experience in at home fitness . we had wanted a treadmill for some time and had looked online but it was challenging to get reliable information because everything online seemed to be an advertisement . at home fitness ( pierre ) was patient and took his time to explain the different products and we chose a 3g cardio treadmill and have been very happy with our choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the wonderful helpful employees at this location . robert is a very nice . i do not mind coming here . parking is great too ! this location is one of my favorite post offices . thank you usps you have a great team here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the post office that serves my business address . when i need to go inside , even when the line is to the door , things normally go pretty fast . i 've never had a problem with grumpy employees . i have seen some customers who have no clue what they want when it is their turn slow things down but that is not the fault of the post office .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really nice people ! around the holidays there can be quite a long line , but that 's to be expected . i 've gone a few times this week and i 've been in and out in less than 5 minutes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service easy in and out . the postal services gem of a location just north of maryland on 55th avenue . had robert help me who is deaf but an amazing lip reader . will definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got ta say this post office really took care of us ! thank you so much for listening to our concerns and helping resolve the issue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff ! friendly , professional , helpful . great environment . everyone was knowledgeable and able to resolve issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john the gm is a great guy . i lost my keys in the parking lot and he waited with me while i searched after hours until i was finished . that 's customer service . i highly recommend this place . thanks john . dr. rick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service ! ! i had a car that i needed picked up from the repair shop . they messed up 3 times , each time a new reason . when the car did get picked up finally , there was no phone call , nothing to let me know the request had been completed . very unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrific customer service , 10 plus employees sitting at thier computer staring at a line of people for 20+ min ot talking on the phone . customers in your store come before people on the phone . i am not exaggerating when i say this place makes the dmv look like they have thier shit together", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just picked up a pulled pork sandwich plate here for dinner . it came with two sides , i got the mac n cheese and hush puppies . a solid choice . i seem to forget about this place , which sucks because it 's exactly what i want when i 'm tired of everything else . a small business with great food and greater staff . the price is extremely reasonable and man did i get more than enough pork for one sandwich . i could probably have made at least one if not two more sandwiches ! growing up in charlotte , it 's always nice to steer away from the bigger 'chain ' bbq places . and yes the hush puppies are wonderful here . the bbq itself is just what i expect . it comes unflavored and you simply add the sauce of your choosing . let me just say , `` i 'm full ! ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the fried chicken breast was dry and overcooked potato wedges were undercooked honey mustard gold sauce was delicious hushpuppies were good mac n cheese was pretty good you do get stuffed for $ 7 though", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great bbq and ribs that fall off the bone . they have a nice variety of delicious sauces and some of the best cornbread ive ever had . the place is very small but its well worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how disappointing . here we are in north carolina and we have a restaurant selling rewarmed barbecue that is prepared in advance at a different location then shipped and and reheated . ugg . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great bbq . great lunch spot . service is very quick . great spot if your craving some awesome bbq and in a hurry !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "between this location and the original rock store off monroe rd . you 'll never be let down . eating here takes me to a place as a kid when the family is all together at a pig pick'n . its a very relaxed place to sit and enjoy your favorite southern bbq foods . great people , amazing food , cheap prices ! homemade desserts are the bomb ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a neat little spot next to lowe 's food in mint hill . now , i 'm not connoisseur of barbeque by any stretch of the imagination , but this stuff was pretty darn good . pulled pork and chicken , a range of sauces from tangy carolina vinegar to sweet mustard-based , lots of sides that the staff are eager to recommend and help you choose from . it has its opportunities , i 'll give them that , but for inexpensive , fast , and close by , not too bad . kinda dull on the inside ( it 's a strip mall , though , so there 's few things to do ) , but the great staff make it worth visiting . when i 'm looking to break the routine for a quick meal , mint hill rock store does the trick", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly guys behind the counter but that 's where the good stuff ended . tried the pulled pork , but as a charlotte native i 've been spoiled by real bbq and this was n't it . their other offerings might be better but i wo n't be back to find out . noon on a friday and only two other customers in the place should have been a clue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let me start by saying i used to love this place a few years ago . every time i would come home from college my mum and i would stop in for a quick bite , ca n't beat a sandwich combo for $ 6 ! i was a huge fan like seriously , the customer service was great and the food was on point . i stopped in today for a bite to eat and while the customer service was great the food was lackluster to say the least . the bbq was n't really pulled well or smoked well . the bun was cold actually ended up just eating the bbq and the side . not sure what has happened over the past few years , but please step it up . y'all used to have some of the best bbq in the area !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fantastic bbq ! ! the best around charlotte ! ! we always compare bbq to this place when we try a different place and nobody is as delicious as this restaurant ! ! ( jim n nicks might be close , but it 's a different type of restaurant )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had this for lunch and it was delicious ! we got the family special which came with a generous helping of bbq for each person . the bbq comes dry ( without sauce ) and included our choice of 3 different sauces . it also came with 3 large sides . we picked mac and cheese , baked beans , and white coleslaw . everything was tasty and we had enough left overs for supper . before this we had only been to the stallings location . the atmosphere is not the same outside of the original rock store , but the food was excellent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is mediocre at best . the quality of the meat and all of the sides is what i would expect at a chain restaurant that does n't specialize in bbq , not at a restaurant that claims to be a bbq joint . i really do n't think i 'll be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . fast service with a smile . prices are very competitive . clean and casual atmosphere . they also offer catering service . the food is fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great stop for a quick cheap lunch . $ 6 pork bbq sandwich combo is fantastic . good food fast ? fast food good ? i dunno . the bbq is great , very clean . you chose your sauces , if any . corn bread is to die for , some of the other sides could be better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried this place for the first time today . i ordered the brisket plate with mac and cheese and potato wedges . my wife ordered the bbq plate with white slaw and mac and cheese . the brisket was very tender ... however , the flavor was severely lacking . they have several different bbq sauces to add to your meal but you should n't depend on sauce to flavor your meat . the mac and cheese tasted a bit bland but the potato wedges were good . my wife liked the pork bbq but absolutely hated the mac and cheese and white slaw . although the staff was nice , i do n't think i 'll visit again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like that this place is close to home . from what i can tell , everything is sterilized and they have a lot of assortment of nail polish to choose from . i particularly liked this girl named nancy . she did a really good job with my manicure and pedicure . the owner ( the lady ) she does a really good job on acrylics ... lots of nail art too ! its about 40 bucks for a mani and pedi . i do n't really like asian owned shops , but this one i will go to when i really need a mani pedi asap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been going here for many years . the owners , toby and tweety ( their americanized names ) are so sweet and cute . they remember everyone by name whether you 've been there once or a hundred times . everyone is friendly and helpful . toby does the most amazing acrylic solar nails . i am always happy going here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come here with my girlfriend when she gets a gel manicure . i get a regular manicure . staff is quiet but very friendly . being a guy , this place does n't make you feel uncomfortable or weird about doing the pedicure thing . best part is the massage ! recommend appointment to get serviced faster .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far the best nail salon i 've ever been to ! i always ask for the most ridiculous nail art and tweety always delivers ! they always greet you with a big smile and i swear they remember everyone 's name ! they 're amazing love love love them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here because my normal nail place down the street had too long of a wait and i 'm honestly so happy about it ! toby was my tech and he was great . he did everything i asked him too and actually held great conversation which is rare at nail salons . i will definitely be back to see toby ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this salon before . ..my mother and i were looking to get pedi 's last minute . i called to book an appointment . we arrived right on time and were greeted by my name .the owners remembered me from years previous so that was very nice..my only complaint is that it was not clean . . i am a state board licensed nail technician and instructor for over 15 years . i look for specific things when it comes to sanitation and it was not there . the pumice stones were used and the implements were not pulled out of a new sanitation package that is supposed to go in the autoclave to disinfect . .. to add the gentleman nicked me on my big toe which happens but i would n't be upset or disturbed if i knew they were clean tools..you absolutely get what you pay for . .everyone was very friendly but very unsanitary . as a professional in this industry i would avoid or request all brand new tools including files buffers and foot files pumice stones .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i liked the way they painted my nails but whatever brand of polish they use can peel off after a week . the techs are very nice and the establishment is clean and pretty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started going here after seeing a few reviews online ... . the owners are really nice ! i go and see tanh ( sp ? ) very nice gentleman . i get my acrylics and pedi 's from him . even if i do n't make an appointment , they remember my name and my daughter , too ! they have excellent customer service and every station and pedi chair is impeccably clean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love ! ! ! they do n't just do a quality job they also do it in great time ! took my husband here for his first pedicure and he loved it . i am a strong believer in the quality of the services i get . i drive out to this location because of the customer service and the job they do . i usually do acrylic w gel and coffin shape or oval . always looks amazing and lasts forever ! i 've definitely experienced the gel nail that lasts a week and i 've finally found a place that does the job they advertise . still looks great at 3 weeks . pedicures are great and my toes last forever too ! all of the ladies are super sweet and very inviting . usually i 'm quite and shy when i get my nails done but they 're all really great to talk to . & if that is n't motive enough , ikea is down the street so you can use that as an excuse to swing by here and get pampered haha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished pedicure from this place and very disappointed ! ! the lady did my pedicure does n't know what she 's doing at all ! ! ! ! i asked her if she knows how to get an ingrown she said yes ! ! such a liar ! ! ! she ca n't get any little ingrown ! ! having your nails done supposed to be relaxing ! ! ! so if u want to have ur nails done and relax never go to this place ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a costumer since the grand opening in 2007 ! they have become good friends of mine as they do make all their costumes feel that way as well . they will greet you by name and will carry a conversation with you ( in english ) or not if you just want to relax . they do n't carry conversations between them selves in their native tongue and pride themselves in creating an english speaking environment . the owners are extremely smart and worldly . i have had every service they offer and believe them to be the best nail salon ever ! i have been to many salons in my life from here to southern california and they are the best ! when you become s faithful costumer they will do just anything to make you happy and satisfied !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tweety , toby & their staff r amazing ! ! ! the nail salon is extremely sanitary and their body of work is on point . i 've tried other places and always go back to emporium . tweety does great nail art as well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "basic mani pedi $ 40 bucks . i sat in a fairly quiet massage chair that gave me the most amazing 30 minute back rub . what impressed me the most was the service . kim is a skilled artist who takes pleasure in her work and i could see and feel it in the way she carries out her job with such efficiency . the ambiance is not of the normal parlor with the jibber jabber of foreign words loudly spoken so freely amongst themselves . these ladies are professional and carry out their jobs like they mean business . thanks kim , my nails and feet are ready to party !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for acrylics..specially french ! ! they do an amazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzing job ! i have been going to this place since they open ! i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing manicure ! awesome geli collection ! used new tools ( which is something they do for everyone . ) i 'm gon na keep coming back here , for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one time in college i was so drunk that i could n't really walk . and i had to pee . and i happened to have an unknown male at my side . i peed here , as he guarded me with a large piece of cardboard . it was muddy . i fell on my ass . we went to my room . i woke up next to him , called my friend and asked her his name . i went to the bathroom . my ass was still muddy . fml", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this park in the summer time for obvious reasons : it has three baseball diamonds , a skateboard area , a small playground and a community pool . as the cooler months settle in , alexandra park loses its charm a bit and most of these perks are rendered useless . it 's not super well lit at night so you may need to cut your playtime or walk short in the fall or bring a flashlight . there is also lots of questionable groups of people who hang out at this park , so do n't be surprised if you see police trolling around the area and arresting said folks !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never spent a more lovely summer afternoon than sitting on a bench in the shade watching guys skateboard at this park . there 's nothing more to it . well , maybe a coffee in hand , and a skateboarding lad to take home . but i do n't want to ask too much .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this park surrounds the scadding court community centre , which hosts great events for the community like cheap lunches and local meetings . there 's an indoor pool and an outdoor one -- the outdoor one is free and during the summer nights , some people are known to climb the fence and go for a late-night swim . in the winter when the pool is closed , beware of the `` park '' area -- it gets so icy ! stick to the paths and you 'll be fine . the park itself is definitely a popular skate spot , i know of many people who are here on a regular basis to skate all night and take a break at mcdonald 's across the street . but as for a night-time walk ... i lived in the area for a couple years and i still do n't feel safe around denison and in the park . maybe because i know a handful of people who 've been mugged or attacked in the area , but it 's just not a great place to be at nighttime . except for in the pool during the summer : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "known by some as `` dunbat '' ( because it 's situated right at dundas and bathurst ) , this park is well known in the skateboarding community . it 's a busy spot during during the day and during peak season , but also busy at night because there 's decent lighting . the park itself is home to gaggles of tai chi folks in the early am , dog walkers during the day , and a great shelter for homeless folks at night . with a pool , ice rink , community centre , library and co-op surrounding it , it 's a true community spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rob poyner deserves credit for this skatepark . the city deems it as unofficial but regardless the skate community has a place to play downtown and not worry about security staff chasing them off the banks property its known as the dunbat", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best organic milk products in ontario . their sour cream is much better than the meadows , it 's richer and thicker , just what i like to put in my borsch . i also love their organic yogurt and kefir , it is not homogenized and is fermented right in the bottle , so when you open it up there is a thick layer of sour cream on top , just they way it was in my childhood on grandma 's homemade kefir . their glass containers may be returned for a refund , so the price of bottle of kefir comes to about 3.50 . pinehedge farm products is the best way to eat healthy , organic products and support your local farmers . i get mine at yummy market or at concord food centre .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best milk products ! i love their yogurt and sour cream , it 's the only brand i buy . it 's currently not available in quebec for some reason and i am working on a project there , so i 'm missing it so much . it was available for the last few months , and for some reason it 's not available at ecollegey or atwater fromagerie . the other brands ( owned by large processors ) do not compare , they have additives and have been over-processed . raise the bar !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best organic kefir , yogurt and sour cream you can buy in toronto ! can be found in noah 's natural foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm polish and kefir is part of my culture , how sad i 'm to discover that i ca n't buy it anymore in quebec ! why ? ? their milk product were the best , i will tell more their kefir was even better than polish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a comparatively small branch of the cuyahoga library system , but that has n't been a problem for me . i can still order anything i want online from the cuyahoga system or ohio link , and they 'll have it waiting for me at the front to come in and pick up . i love the new self check out system . they have a good rotation of programs and speakers for children and adults . i love the convenience of having it attached to the rec center !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here about 5 times a week to study for the cpa exam during the summer . i now come around 3 times a week to continue studying . today is the last day i will ever come here . in the `` silent '' study room there are 5 high school aged kids sitting around hanging out laughing , talking and occasionally even yelling . no librarian to be seen . at the public computers there is a woman literally singing out loud . no librarian to be seen . this place has become absolute hell to try and study at . only reason i am giving it two stars is because it used to be a place i liked coming to . not anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a really small airport so you sign in at the counter and pick up your keys . you then walk about 200m to a small parking lot to pick up your car . there is nobody to check any documents once you drive away . while returning your car you have to park it at one of the designation spots across the street from the airport and cross the street . a little bit of a pain when you have luggage and a lot of traffic on the road ( this is a public road and not part of the airport ) my biggest peeve about this place is that they charged me for a full tank of gas even after i returned it full and it took a while to get it sorted out . i am not sure if this was an accounting error or somebody siphoned the gas .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very convenient and good professionalism . these are the reasons hertz is a pleasure to do business with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good customer service ... even though my flight was delayed by 4 hours , they were still open at 5:00am ! appreciate their efforts ! it would be great if they had more vehicles at their disposal but well its a small airport so they are doing their best", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the agent does n't go with you to find the car . you have to find it yourself and figure out how it works yourself . the worst part is bringing the car back . you take it to a drop off lot and leave it there , then you must walk across that parking lot , across busy lanes of traffic , across the parking lot to the terminal doors to return the key . i did this in 113 degree heat . it was awful . if you have luggage or carrying a baby it would be terrible . enterprise and avis both had attendants on the drop off lot so you could just drop off the car and the key at the same place . hertz was the only one where you had to go through all this other nonsense . i will say the men at the counter where you rent the car and drop off the keys were very nice and professional .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3 minutes from the time i stepped up to the counter until i had the keys to my upgraded car in hand . that 's right , who 's my daddy ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lady working here is the coldest , most unfriendly women i 've every encountered in customer service . i reserved my car online and when i arrived they did n't have the car . she offered an upgrade for $ 50 more . i did n't travel here i was renting because my car was stem a few days earlier . i did n't have the $ 50 more ( on top of the $ 50 for the car ) and she offered no help , was not apologetic and i left with nothing . i went home in a taxi . i will never recommend anyone using hertz at this airport .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really , really good experience renting from this location . obviously , when renting from a very small airport selection will be not as broad . but the process was very quick , and totally hassle free . got a free upgrade due to their not having our selected rental , and it ended up being a brand new altima with less than 500 miles on it . when i called to extend our rental for one more day , they took care of it over the phone in less than a minute . the staff were friendly and informative , and took care to make sure we had whatever we needed . drop off was just as quick . when we fly back into mesa , we will only be using the in terminal hertz . they have earned my loyalty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we reserved the car online for an airport pickup . the check in process was easy and the woman at the desk was friendly and helpful . the car was exactly as reserved . we chose to add the gas option so we did n't have to fill up . when leaving we parked in the return lot and put the keys in the drop box . smooth and easy . an affordable option for us for our 3 days in the chandler gilbert area , as opposed to ubering the whole time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wanted to give kudos to derek who took care of my reservation at the mesa - gateway airport the other day . i have n't booked a rental with hertz in a long time - but his excellent service will make me come back . i had booked the reservation through a vacation club and suffice it to say that it was pretty screwed up . derek went overboard to make it right and i appreciated that very much . good work and thanks , derek .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is . rip off they charge double if you do n't reserve online i was standing at counter and she quoted 390.00 for three days online it was 134.00 and i was on there actual website stading there and showed the women the cost she said `` we charge more `` for convenience . watch out they will rip you off . also i rent 3 cars a week for business i will never use hertz again i 'm also putting this experience on my company website and notifying state farm for the dishonest representation", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my place to worship in my native tongue . = ) many who are n't familiar with vietnam 's architect will say `` that looks like a temple ! '' until you see the cross . most of the church in vietnam are built using french architect so people are not familiar to seeing the arch roof and dragons and phoenix . however , if you ever have a chance to go to central vn and see hue , you will see all the historic buildings featuring similar designs . that 's why it 's important that my church has this design because it helps preserve our culture and in a way allowing others to see our church as not just a catholic church but a vietnamese catholic church . = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gettin ' there ! the church building is mostly complete , and application of the finishing touches is now in progress in the main worship area of the church . in the meantime , services have finally been moved from n. 7th street to this new and permanent building on 2915 northern blvd . mass is held in the spacious basement area while the main worship area above is being completed . the grounds are beautiful , and even though the parking area gets crowded when there are services , there 's plenty of space to park . the mass is in vietnamese , but any non-vietnamese raised in the roman catholic tradition can follow its spirit , if not the exact words .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting az i wanted to get some spirituality going so i called to get some questions and because i am not asian he stated dont call here again ! not ok for a church to say idc english or not ! i will never come here or call", "score": "1"}
{"review": "extremely beautiful church , too bad the caretakers or volunteers at the church are such bad people . vietnamese only , seriously talking smack about people who do not speak vietnamese is something that only belongs in a nail shop hahaha not a church . too bad i am vietnamese and understood every word .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "schedule for sunday vigil : sunday : 08:00 am - vietnamese sunday : 10:00 am - vietnamese saturday : 05:30 pm - vietnamese -sunday vigil shedule for weekdays : monday : 07:00 pm - vietnamese -rosary monday : 07:30 pm - vietnamese -mass tuesday : 07:00 pm - vietnamese -rosary tuesday : 07:30 pm - vietnamese -mass wednesday : 07:00 pm - vietnamese- rosary wednesday : 07:30 pm - vietnamese -mass thursday : 07:00 pm - vietnamese -rosary thursday : 07:30 pm - vietnamese -mass friday : 07:00 pm - vietnamese -rosary friday : 07:30 pm - vietnamese -mass saturday : 08:00 am - vietnamese", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible church and architecture . those who took photos during service inside are daring .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shops like this are the reason people do n't trust mechanics . they use cheap parts and charge absurd prices for shoddy work which means you 'll have to come back for more repairs . judging from some of the other reviews on here it 's clear this is their method of operation . typical shady mechanics . save yourself the time and money take your car somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since moving to scottsdale this has become my repair shop of choice . it has so far been below other repair shop quotes . they have also been very helpful in always getting me in for an appointment quickly and have always been able to do repairs the same day , even when they are extremely busy . the only downside is the gas prices are a little bit higher than the surrounding area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys do indeed rock . i had a similar breakdown a few blocks away last summer and i walked to their shop and the guy on duty drove me back and jumped my car and would not take a dime from me . i went back the next week and they did a ac service and put a new battery in and the ac was cold as ice . sold that car shortly after ( mercedes 300ce ) and had the dealer do the service on it but my girlfriend 's 93 chrysler imperial needed some work and a new battery so i took it to them and again they simply did a great job , priced below my anticipation and just plain old nice folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sad to say i 'll have to bump this shop down by a star . i had an issue with some work they did ( my brakes squeaked horribly after they worked on them ) , so i brought my car back and they were perfectly willing to fix them up . for a week or so , the brakes were utterly silent - and then they went right back to squealing just like before . i was n't willing to go back a third time . i just wo n't use them for anything but gas from now on - especially since they are just a little too gruff to be called polite , and there 's no waiting area of any kind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is fabulous ! i just moved into this neighborhood and needed a gas jug to put gas in my old vw , so i could start it up ( had not run in 5 months ) . they let me borrow it for free and also offered to help if i had problems ! the shop always seems to be busy , which speaks to their great and honest customer service . i have also noticed that their gas prices always seem to be at least 5 cents lower than any other station in the area . the men in the shop are always very pleasant too . this looks like my new go-to car maintenance shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a bind the other day . my car would n't start , on a summer weekday afternoon and nobody was around to help me jump start it . i called up taylors . after trying to talk me through it over the phone ( battery acid problems ) , they asked me my address and actually came down and jump started it for me . i think they knew i was completely at their mercy , but after about an hour at the shop i walked away spending less than $ 60 . thank you taylors ! i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys rock ! my car happened to die a few blocks from their shop , so they were only mechanic within walking distance . what a happy accident -- they serviced my vehicle and had me back on schedule in no time ( and with no bs ) . it 's rare to walk away from car service without feeling abused .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped the other day to fill up my tires after my car started dinging . i did n't end up having enough quarters in my car to use the self serve machine outside . one of the guys saw me start pulling away and waved me over . he filled up all my tires and would n't take any money . he definitely did n't need to do that , but i greatly appreciated all his help ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i very much appreciate the fact that they are very willing to help out a car-parts-challenged female with a low tire pressure or check engine light . friendly and helpful , and not very pricey . i usually buy a couple of gallons of gas while i 'm there , as an additional way to say thanks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just got my car back from taylor 's , and even though this is the first time i have used them , it most certainly will not be the last . i had my car towed here after the starter went out , and not only did they replace the starter and give me a warranty on it , plus roadside assistance , they fixed my oil leak as well as an electrical problem with a temperature sensor all for the price of what a dealership quoted me on the sensor alone . brian even was able to get all of this done for me in less than three hours so that i would n't have to get a rental car while it was being repaired , as most shops would have likely kept the car for much longer than an afternoon . i am very pleased with the experience i had here and would recommend taylor 's to anyone needing an honest and fast repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , owner just finally got involved with fixing my car , after two of his mechanics could n't get it done in a whole week . one mechanic ran a yellow jumper wire to the a c compressor to keep it running , this resulted in a fuse blowing , and the car stalling on the side of the road . they finally had it towed in , and the mechanic that did it has been missing sick for three days . the owner said his mechanic has to pay the tow bill , because he does n't believe his mechanic even ran the jumper wire to begin with . they previously did front and rear brakes , and the car had to go back 3 times to get the brakes done right . they put in a window regulator , and it took 3 trips for them to get that working correctly as well . the owner was rude , hollared at me that he ca n't control what his employees say or do , and that he does n't care what i think .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best gas station repair shop period . only one word comes to mind : honest", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service is non-existent . i took my truck in for an alignment and on my way home it was still pulling . i returned , they checked it out and said it was fine . i took it to salem boys auto . they tested it and provided me with a print out of how off the alignment was . i had them fix it and at completion they provided me with another print out of the alignment . i returned to taylors to discuss the issue . todd refused to look over the paperwork or discuss my concern . he also refused to refund what i paid them . i do not recommend taylors auto repair !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this facility just changed over to a mobil gas station which is awesome as an exxon mobil cardholder . the attendant answered the phone after hours when i called to verify they were actually a mobil station after finding them on the gas buddy app . when arrived he came out and talked to me and let me know that the owner of the station has 4 more stations in the valley that will all become mobil . the closest ones to the valley were in tonopah or wickenburg which are fine when traveling but not for daily commuting needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the receptionist jennifer is one of the rudest persons i have ever spoke with over the phone and met . trying to schedule an appt with her was one of the hardest things i ever had to do , and when i arrived for my first appt and was patiently waiting in the waiting room and listening to her speak to other patients i knew it was n't just me that has encountered her rude behavior . i caught her rolling her eyes as a client walked away from the desk and sat down . i think they need to hire more professional people if they want to keep patients . patients like to see older , friendly women at the front desk , not rude immature impatient girls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. kelsch was able to diagnose my airway issues where others had failed to see the whole picture . breathing and feeling much better just 3 weeks after nasal surgery . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr kelsch has been great with our five year old . he is very friendly and professional . the staff is nice . the follow-up surgery was quick and worry-free , with a staff and facility that was accommodating for our five year old .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though this is a busy office , like any other , i did feel like the doctor was listening to my concerns and followed up accordingly . thanks dr . h. ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr kelsch and the entire staff at vally ent are incredible ! ! ! our experience with him and everyone at the office has been professional , comfortable , and courteous ! the staff is helpful and the atmosphere leaves the patients at ease . dr kelsch is very kind , attentive , and very thorough . we were lucky to find him . thank you dr kelsch and your entire staff ! we appreciate you very much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kelsch is a great doctor . he comunicates well and is very easy to talk to . i have had two separate surgeries under his care and would highly recommend him . i can breathe now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kelsch is the doctors ' doctor ! the first of 2 surgeries completed ( first one done 2 24 ) , and the before and after difference with breathing through my nose - amazing ! dr. kelsch tells you right from the start wether you 're an good canidate for whatever procedure you 'll be getting done . finding an ent that gets to the point , and does n't try to gouge onces pocketbook or insurance for that matter , it 's refreshing ! ! oh how i wish i would have found dr. kelsch and valley ent last year ! ! i would have saved time and money in the long run . 1 procedure down - 1 to go ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just a good word for jennifer , she was super nice when i was there . telephone calls were handled promptly and politely , plus she faxed me some papers i needed , which saved me a 2 hour ride to come get them . i think she is awesome ! also a good word for sophia , who struggled with a cranky fax machine , but was a big help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll be brief and to the point . dr. kelsch and his staff were very pleasant , helpful , and informative , during my pre and post-operative services . before having my procedure , dr. kelsch explained the potential risks and outcomes of performing vs. not performing the procedure for my medical condition . the surgical outcome was excellent and without complication ! dr. kelsch also ensured i had the necessary products to manage all my post-operative effects . i highly recommend dr. kelsch 's services to anyone seeking to resolve their ent issues ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. timothy kelsch has been my ent doctor for 1.5 years . i was diagnosed with papillary carcinoma ( thyroid cancer ) and dr. kelsch fixed me right up . i was scared at first but he communicates very clear and makes you feel comfortable . dr. kelsch saved my life and i could n't thank him enough . dr. kelsch and his staff are truly genuine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the curry chicken roti is my favourite dish . it comes with some tasty coleslaw and apple chutney . coupled with some red stripes and you have a great meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was incorrect : it 's going to be harlem underground , probably an extension of harlem restaurant but as a lounge resto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "irie food joint is a mix of traditional jamaican cuisine , with a twist of new world queen st west flavor . the atmosphere is not typical of a jamaican pattie restaurant , there is comfortable seating , a garage door that opens up freely to the street , and soft grooves that keep the atmosphere relaxing . the food is amazing , the staple roti 's are available for dine in or take out , or try expanding your palette with some firecracker shrimp as an appetizer ! there is one thing that is very reminiscent of the jamaicans ... spice ! be prepared to gulp down some milk when experiencing some of the hottest flavors in town . fair prices , and space to enjoy a small gathering or group make this restaurant a great choice for any dining experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no surprise ... extremely slow no matter when you come in . government efficiency at its best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for a post office , it is what it is . this is a full service location . had to get some items sent with a return receipt , so i stopped by here . there was a line , per usual at this location . the postal workers are nicer than most , but i 'm convinced that some of the folks really are retired mib agents and trying to act normal . just a little dry . nevertheless , they move at an optimal rate and are patient answering what is probably a question they 've answered 5x that day . have your ducks in a row or they 'll send you to the side to get it together and service someone who is ready to be serviced . it 's best for all involved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this post office . this place is clean . nice size parking lot . nice employees ... .well nice as they get if you know what i mean lol . the kiosk is great lol . and it is in a very convienent location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good little post office . i have not experienced any bad customer service . the staff seems moderately friendly . one of the least busy post offices in the area . it still has the automatic teller package machine which saves on having to wait in a line for a simple package .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "call me crazy but i do not mind coming to this post office . the line will sometimes be long , but the staff definitely keep the line moving fast . i come here to mail packages , purchase stamps and on one occasion try to find a package . it was a mail carrier error but they did their best to fix the issue and i had my package the next day at my house . learning the process of what needs to be done before you get in line will save you much time and headache . but if for some reason , you do n't have the necessary items done - they will tell you to fix it and come back to the front , skip the line . how courteous of them right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a big fan of the postal service ... but the best thing they have in there are the automatic machines . when it takes you less time with a machine than in line for a person , that is saying something . always see a line here especially during the holidays as expected . only go when i have to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slow as usual but staff is a little nicer than most . earlier in the morning is best time to go . fill out forms addresses beforehand if possible .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not too busy . employees are moderately friendly . expect to wait in line for a bit on your lunch or after work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gets the job done , but i try to avoid this post office if possible . there 's one man in there who is friendly , but the other employees seem like they try to do the bare minimum and are completely unhelpful and on occasion downright rude .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in mesa no subway puts double cheese on the chicken bacon ranch ... i use to work at subway i know this sandwich gets double cheese . they say a customer is always right but this subway does not believe so . they have argued with me `` i wanted to see how far it would go '' about no extra cheese .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "prompt friendly service , well kept clean shop . the standard ingredients always look fresh here . convenient to the light rail stop and big sticks cigars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this subway actually charges the prices it advertises in front of the store unlike the other one nearby . i got a veggie pattie footlong for only 6 bucks . great deal ! only thing i dont like is that they are very cheap with the sauce . he barely put any southwest sauce on it and i had to ask him to put more like 3 times to get just a regular amount . that aside i was happy with the price i paid and the food tasted good . i will come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally not worth it by far the worst subway ever , can you say ghetto ! ! ! kids can no longer choose which meat they want , they skimp on all the ingredients , they dont bother to run any air conditioner its hot and humid and miserable in az for god sake , then they lock their bathrooms and you have to stand in line to get a key like a disgusting road stop gas station ... .the staff is rude and unconcerned definitely not a place that values their customers ... ..avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3.5 star winterlicious 2017 experience maybe i been drooling over all the yummy photos online and 5 star review on yelp . i came with a high expectation . the winterlicious lunch option was great value which worth a 4 star + . but the food itself did not wow me . miku zen , signature aburi sushi , green tea opera . that 's a lot of food for $ 28 . overall it was enjoyable and i do love the green tea opera . service was courteous and quite attentive . i think for a full miku experience , one needs to come here for an actual lunch dinner . i am open for a return visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "miku definitely lived up to its expectations ! the seafood was extremely fresh and the plating was an incredible touch . the wait staff was also very knowledgeable but unpretentious . we got a dinner reservation easy enough on a weeknight . it 's not extremely packed but decently busy . we had a bubbly champagne like sake which was perfect for celebrating a birthday . the pressed and torched sushi was mouthwatering and lived up to the hype . our main was the coal harbour platter to share - which had a selection of sashimi and other seafoods ( mussels , scallop ceviche , prawns , oyster shooters ) . for dessert we tried their signature dessert , green tea opera and it was amazing ! ! perfect to share . overall wonderful dining experience but i think ja bistro is equally comparable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on a wednesday evening for the first time . we started with a sharp grumpy host who seemed upset about the fact we did not make a reservation . `` you are not a 3 michelin star where you have to make a reservation 4 months in advance ! '' besides , walk-ins generate new clientele and if they would have done a good job , repeat customers . not a good start , but we did n't let that bother us . a very nice lady let us choose our seats , gave us the menu and left . we waited and we waited a bit more . no water , no service , no nothing . we were so shocked with the bad service that we decided to leave ! we did n't get to try anything ! you can have the best food in town , we are not interested if you ca n't treat your customers properly !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the miku waterfront platter was amazing . it came in two platters one for the oyster clams and another for the sashimi . the ingredients were fresh and the presentation was great . however there was 6 of us , and it was difficult to share , especially with 3 pieces of each sashimi . we tried each of the aburi oshi sushi . my favourite was the ebi oshi sushi with pressed prawn and lime zest . the prawn was very tender and the lime zest gave it a nice kick . however , the aburi sushi is fairly expensive compared to other places with the same quality and taste . green tea opera desert is definitely a must try in the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall - 4.0 5.0 after opening their first location in vancouver , it has finally made its way over to the heart of downtown toronto . came here during the week of their grand opening with great expectations given the success they have had with their original location . restaurant was very spacious and modern with a blend of traditional japanese elements . we ordered a few of their signature items and everything was on point . service was great and waitresses were very polished and knowledgable with every aspect of the menu including the sake selections . pricing definitely matched up with the quality and service that they deliver .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for winterlicious on a friday evening . loved the decor , service and presentation of food . quiet atmosphere , good for date or small group of people . pressed sushi is on par better than ja bistro imo . they do have two private sections where you can seat up to 12 people which is nice . parking is underground accessible without leaving the building , about $ 10 for the 1.5 hour meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to be very honest ... the food was okay . i came here with my boyfriend for winterlicious ( $ 28 lunch per person ) . the appetizer was disappointing because everything tasted really plain and basic , except for the shrimp . for the main course we ordered the sushi plate . i think only 2 7 of the sushi tasted good because some of the sauces they put on them were extremely odd and it took away the freshness of the fish sashimi . dessert was good but not the best i 've had . overall , the food was n't worth its price lol ... i honestly do n't know why people are so hyped up about this restaurant . in terms of service , it was okay as well ... when we walked into the restaurant it took them awhile to greet us so it was pretty awkward lol the atmosphere was not very welcoming and i feel like we were being judged probably because we were n't dressed formally ? -_- so ya ... .not the best restaurant experience i 've had lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "high marks for elegant yet not snobby ambiance . octopus : delicious . miku roll : pretty good ( i 'm not a big roll fan ) . sesame edamame : meh . now for the star ... aburi style sushi : wow . each bite was so well balanced , with the condiments complimenting the fish perfectly . the charcoal sear on the fish imparts such a delicate distinct flavor . this la girl will totally brave the cold toronto weather for the aburi sushi again . last but not least , the matcha chocolate dessert was good as well , not too sweet but kinda busy with tons of components . the jasmine green tea ice was very refreshing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tastes so awesome omg i will come back \u5e97\u54e1\u5f88\u7d30\u5fc3\u4ecb\u7d39\u9910\u9ede\uff0c\u58fd\u53f8\u5165\u53e3\u5373\u5316\u7099\u71d2\u4e09\u6587\u9b5a\u771f\u7684\u5f88\u60f3\u7121\u9650\u7e8c\u9ede", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great . the sushi , on the other hand , not so great . i would even go as far to say awful . the omakase was a waste of money . of the 10 pieces of nigiri , i may have enjoyed 1 . after dining at top sushi restaurants like nakazawa and morimoto , i had high hopes for this place . but i was only disappointed with the lack of simplicity and lack of distinction of flavors , besides the wasabi which overpowered most other flavors .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came a couple months ago with 4 other people . our server was very attentive and really took the time to explain to us what we were eating . he even told us when our orders overlapped and made other suggestions . because of our numbers , we got to try a variety of dishes . the food was amazing . it just melts in your mouth . i am looking for another reason to go back because it is quite expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seems that management puts all the newbie poor servers on sunday lunch rounds . main server did very little else other than taking our initial orders . did not come check on us , refill water etc . assistant that came to remove plates made no eye contact , chatter , etc . even when thanked her for removing dishes . ordered a second round of shrimp ozisushi and it took such a long time that we cancelled it , paid the bill , and left . they were lucky to receive an even 10 % tip . hostesses at the front on the other hand were very pleasant both before and after our lunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "- many servers , but not much services provided . long waiting when ask for something , besides your server , other servers not willing to help you much . - price is high , overpriced - the environment is too business feel - sushi was good - we order a raw seafood platter with lobster , it was so so and i went to washroom 20 mins after - went to another japanese restaurant after , will never come back again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "visited this restaurant for several times . really love its sushi pretty decoration . you have so many choices for the main course .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a friend 's birthday dinner . was n't sure what to expect because i simply skimmed the menu before coming here ( we were amused by kale gomae -- to try another time ! ) . the three of us got the shokai kaiseki with the butterfish main . everything was really good and fresh ; nothing stood out that much but the meal was definitely worth the money . we were given two pieces of their signature aburi sushi and they were very good - good enough that i am willing to come back at another time to try more of their sushi ! the green tea opera cake was very , very good -- a must-try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing service and decor and atmosphere . but their sushi can be very heavy . i waa so sure i would be a fan of their aburi style sushi , but i found it very heavy . it was too creamy and rich for my taste . however , the ingredients were so fresh and the food was obviously done well , it just was n't for me . i enjoyed their cocktails and appetizers more than the main stars of the show-the rolls and the sushi . their prices are obviously higher , but i thought it was all very reasonable given location , decor and quality of food and service . they do n't give you that fake crab shit in their rolls- real crab meat at miku . overall a great place for a high-end date or to treat someone on a special day or a douchy business lunch . if you like your sushi with umph , give this place a visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the aburi sushi variety is really tasty and melts in your mouth . i 'd recommend coming for lunch , ordering the zen box . it 's a much better value . at dinner , the same things ( or similar items ) cost much more . if the $ $ $ turns you off , check out saku sushi on queen for great value torched sushi selections . not as top quality as miku , but equally fresh and tastes really good , more bang for your buck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i work in the building so i have been here a few times . it 's a little pricey and i do n't usually like flame seared sushi but somehow i still love this place . the sablefish is delicious ( i believe it 's the same thing as black cod ) and i will usually add this to share on the side with one of their sushi assortments . it 's not a very traditional take on sushi but all very well done with great ingredients . very unique cocktail list as well with more exotic ingredients , highly recommend trying one with dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great meal , with inventive sushi dishes , nice cocktails , and wonderful service . ate here as a group of 4 , and everyone raved about the dinner for the rest of the evening . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3.5 came here for lunch with a friend recently and we both thoroughly enjoyed the food and atmosphere . service was excellent but the food was mediocre . full disclosure , i 'm not a big fan of pressed and torched sushi ( rice is too soft and the smoke just overwhelms everything ) , but i 'll eat it : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! so good for the price . not pricey but great quality . the atmosphere is very sophisticated and the servers are super well mannered and kind . recommend it 100 % !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aburi oshi salmon was delicious . the taste and texture was perfect..just melts in your mouth . prime rib and poached lobster was good too but no wow factor . i would just try their dessert and other famous aburi sushi next time..that 's their specialty anyway . spicy edamame was addictive for the initial taste but after taste is just plain edamame . we walked in on a sunday night around 630pm and it was packed and fully booked ( dining area ) . luckily , they were nice enough to find a table for us which was reserved for 8pm and told us we have 1.5 hours to finish , which was fine as we finished within an hour . customer service was great but wished the waiter checking up on us every 10 minutes or so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bit out of the way for a typical bay st. lunch but it 's definitely worth it . take your time and savour the food , because the flavours are sophisticated and demand your attention .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a corporate lunch on a wednesday , and had a reservation for 4 people at 12pm . the restaurant was not packed , and looked like it could accommodate many walk-ins . the service we received was great . the server gave us recommendations and advised us when he thought an order would be too small ( and he was right ) . i had the sashimi lunch and it was delightful . the presentation was amazing and classy , and the fish was fresh ! the decor ambiance is very modern , bright , and open . i would definitely come back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there the other day and it was okay . a little over price for what i what you get . i have been to their vancouver location and i must say it 's night and day when it comes to the food quality and service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to lots of restaurants but i never seen such slow service . we ordered 5 dishes and it took us 2.5 hours to finish . the food is really extraordinary though , the seafood is super fresh . but still i can not take it since it is almost 11pm and they still want to rebake the dessert . again it is way too slow , if you want to kill time and not too hungry , maybe yes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our first time at this vancouver originated restaurant . after seeing them renovate `` forever '' , we finally got a chance to eat here . the claim to fame here is the `` blow torch sushi . and it does not disappoint ! we ordered the taster menu and added extra desserts along with the house sake . the entire meal was beautifully presented on the plate and also by the servers . loved the meal . a bit pricy but we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come for the aburi - all else is nice and fresh but not one of a kind . nice combo special for game days otherwise very expensive . a little snobby . they need better wine by the glass . would return but later", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service : the service is pretty good , as the server will explain the menu items to you and give you suggestions . ambiance : the decor is nice and modern , but the view compared to the miku in vancouver is just not the same . food : the sushi and dishes are good , but i feel it 's a bit on the expensive considering the portion size and what you are getting . i would recommend trying this place , if you have n't yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the sushis were sooooo great . the rice was flavored . however the platte was not worth $ 66 , i would rather have sashimi in other place", "score": "3"}
{"review": "trendy upscale downtown sushi . beautiful , creative , interesting and overpriced . excellent service . exactly what you 'd expect . great for business lunch or after-work bite & drinks but too pretentious to be a go-to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful environment , professional and charming servers , mesmerizing sushi chefs , and incredibly delicious food ! so happy to have come here . each dish was artistic and so fresh . the star was the aburi oshi sushi ! will be back for more ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "edinburgh zoo is one of the biggest tourist attractions in the city and its easy to see why . this place brings back so many happy memories for me . both when i was a child when i used to come here on school trips and now as an adult when i bring my daughter . we both love edinburgh zoo . its an awesome day out and good exercise too ! ! ! here are just a few of my favorite attractions : - amur leopards asiatic lions black howler monkeys buff-cheeked gibbons chimpanzees rhinos zebras jaguars owl faced monkeys sea-lions polar bears hippos squirrel monkeys sumatran tigers european beaver ; ) amur tigers reindeer wild boars wildcats wolves yaks & of course the red titi monkey ! ! ! there 's a ton of stuff for the kids to learn too . all in all , a great family day out . ps : lets not forget about the daily `` penguin parade '' too . get a chance to see penguins up closer than ever before ! ! ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the last time i visited the zoo was when i was a small child so i was excited to visit again now that the pandas and meerkats were here . you get a small discount on entry for booking online but you need to do this 24 hrs before so worth noting . we paid \u00a319 each and that included a time slot to see the pandas . a guide map is provided for navigating your way around the zoo . there is alot of walking to be done and most of it is uphill but wheelchairs and mobility buggies can be hired . there are so many animals to see but unfortunately for us many of them seemed to be having a siesta when we visited . the pandas were out for the count and one was hiding in her private enclosure ! asisde from that it was a fantastic day out and so easy to get too as its on the main bus route into town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a well maintained , mid-sized zoo . a taxi ride here from the city center came to about a reasonable 13 pounds . the entire property is built on a hillside . be prepared for a workout . penguin pit was down for renovations on my visit . but the pandas were fun to watch - they just ate and fell over all the time ( see pictures )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to edinburgh zoo with my coworkers for our regular 'retreat ' ie . a day we go out of the office , usually somewhere fun , and give presentations on what we 're up to . surprisingly edinburgh zoo has fantastic facilities for this ! we had a marvelous day with a semi-buffet lunch provided ( i say semi as it was brought to our meeting room and was n't all you can eat but it was n't a sit down meal . ) our package also included entry to the zoo . we wolfed down our lunch so as to see the penguin parade , which was fantastic ! after our meeting we wandered around to our hearts content and had a fantastic time ( the cute animals helping to disperse the tensions that had built up over the day ! ) although as a day out in general the zoo is fantastic , as a venue for a meeting it was surprisingly splendid !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in scotland celebrating my daughter 's 21st birthday and she and her two 20-something year old cousins wanted to go to the zoo . the zoo ? we can go to a zoo anywhere i thought . well , go to this zoo because it is amazing . so easy to catch a bus . interactive exhibits where you can walk among wallabies , monkeys , and birds . excellent restaurants for tea and sweets and farm-sourced lunch items at reasonable rates . the 215 penguin parade is so much fun - we laughed so much . this is a great place for all ages ! giant pandas and an excellent collection of animals large and small . make sure this goes on your travel agenda !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love edinburgh zoo . it 's a great place to spend the day looking at various animals . it 's built on quite a steep hill but they do have golf buggies to give you a lift if needed . there is so much to see that every trip i discover something new . either a new route , a different view or an animal that i have n't seen before . the pandas are a big attraction and you need to book a separate time slot for them . often they have extra slots available on the gate if you ask . 90 % of the time they are sleeping but they 're cute anyhow . another favourite is the penguin enclosure which is the biggest in europe . it includes an underwater viewing area which is awesome to watch them swimming . the food options are n't that great on site of you 've any dietary restrictions or allergies . however there are lots of picnic spots so bring lunch with you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "theres nothing i can add to the fantastic reviews given here . edinburgh zoo is wonderfull , has great schemes to protect animals in the wild and is highly educational . i find the staff here to be energetic and willing to engage with you and answer your stupid questions , such as do armadillos smell ? my top tip , the indoor bird area where you can walk through is worth staying in longer than you might think , small birds come out to play if your quiet and its pure magic . they smell real bad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i expected to wander round edinburgh zoo with the same cheery , jovial attitude i applied to such attractions as a child . for the most part , the zoo unearthed these qualities but staring through the glass cages at these poor isolated beasts was now slightly unnerving as an adult . nonetheless , hilarious penguins , intimidating lions , some mischievous monkeys amidst many other attractions ensured a good day was had by all . bring your own lunch though ; the on-sight cafe is utter crap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been visiting edinburgh zoo for over 40 years i went as a child and since visited with my own children and now my grandchildren . i have always loved it but now find the enclosures are not as good . i visited flamingoland zoo last week and was amazed at the difference the animals all at eye view and well equipped and maintained enclosures . the tigers n lion feeding times were awesome and the keepers talks too . i am sad to say i will not be visiting edinburgh zoo again and think flamingoland could give edinburgh a few tips", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . having been used to london zoo ( and loving it ) edinburgh zoo is beautiful in a way lz is n't . the use of large open greenery , unusual and interesting habitats really added to the flavour of our day . the cafe got pretty full and the staff forgot parts of our orders because of a mix up behind the scenes . the chicken pizzas were delicious , though . reasonably priced , also . we recharged our phones while there , a couple of sockets were free to use .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't like it . it was a very sad place . most of the animals were sleeping and it was very expensive .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a great time at the zoo and really pleased to see some of the areas for the animals have been expanded and upgraded also the zoo staff are so knowledgable that makes it so great to learn interesting facts on each trip . the only problem i had was with the restaurant at the zoo , the restaurant staff were not as helpful as the zoo staff and there cleanliness was a problem to be honest . i witnessed after i received my food customer after customer throwing there food into the bin . also with it being a zoo it would be great if they had more vegan vegetarian options . other than that great trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can not say enough about dr early and his team . every time i know i 'm getting the best care and personal attention . i would n't go anywhere else . my only complaint is the selection cost of frames . more is always better but spending $ 285 and up on a frame is a bit pricey .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family has been going to dr. earley for 25 years and he is simply the best ! extremely thorough examination with detailed explanations regarding the findings . his staff is very helpful and courteous . the best eye care anywhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had been going to the doctors- beiling and earley for years , and then our insurance changed . now we are back again . i had my right eye cause me sudden pain and they took me right in and helped me immediately . i love the new building as well . the two ladies that work on helping me pick my glasses - did a great job , because over a year later , and i am still getting compliments . i did n't know that they do vision therapy for kids , high schoolers having trouble studying and people that had suffered strokes ... i am a facebook fan of theirs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "medina vision makes your visit a pleasant experience . friendly , efficient staff . dr. beiling is very knowledgeable and pleasant . health care that is knowledgeable , friendly and efficient . wish all businesses were this effective .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for as long as i live i will only buy my knives from greg at hacher & krain . i recieved an h.roselli knife as a gift , and wanting to learn more i went back to h & k . greg spent an hour with me just chatting about the history of the knife , and why it 's so special . he is unbelievably knowledgeable , and i got the impression that he genuinely loves educating people on the quality of the knives he carries . greg wo n't give prices over the phone only so he can meet you , shake your hand , and explain in person why every knife he has is special . before i left greg expressed that he was glad that one more of his knives had `` found a good home '' . greg is a true craftsmen , who loves the craft he practices . it 's is a joy to spend time at hacher & krain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knives , knives , knives . i 've been itching to get a new chef knife and so i shopped around toronto at different knife stores but that all ended hacher & krain . greg , the owner of the store is a wealth of knowledge of knives and has no problems sharing that knowledge to inform his potential customers on what they 're investing into . he 's got a stunning array of knives from many different countries . greg provided me the necessary information i needed and really turned my perspective on what it was i should be looking for in a knife . and he also helped me move past the hype of big branded knife makers . i purchased a sabatier knife and love using it . i 'll definitely be coming back as i expand my knife collection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally stopped in after walking by for months and i 'm in awe . greg , the owner of the store is a remarkable source of knife knowledge , and the knives he has there are stunningly beautiful tools . something completely different from what you find in the way of kitchen knives anywhere else ... . i can tell i 'm going to have a problem with this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think you can find a more knowledgeable , professional , friendly man than greg . he takes his business seriously and makes sure that he pairs you with the right tools you are looking for . outside of his extensive variety knives , cutting boards , and other tools , greg has a vast knowledge of the history and construction of each knife and will sit down with you to explain what you are buying and what you would use it for . he makes sure he matches you to the right tool . i have been frequenting hacher & krain for over a year now and the store never disappoints . i have only greg to thank for all of my great new tools ( including a beautiful walnut cutting board ) and i always look forward to coming back to buy something new or recommending all my family and friends to visit greg to experience the best customer service one can ask for ! a must for any culinary aficionado ( or anyone looking for broadening their kitchen horizons ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having dined at this location numerous times , last two times have encountered issues,1 ) temperature of hot and sour soup luke warm even after mention to staff found same problem last visit 2 ) general tao chicken had no chicken just fried dough want back to get more to make sure it may have been random , cut into 10 pieces no chicken , will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for the first time last night - similar to other buffets in the area , but there 's a wider selection of asian inspired foods like sushi and noodles . there is a wok grill station where you can pick your own noodles , veggies , meat and sauce and have a chef cook it up for you on the spot . in terms of desserts , i particularly liked their lemon pie and blue bubble gum flavored ice cream - 2 items i have n't encountered at other buffets in montreal . if you can fill up on sashimi , you may get your money 's worth . it was 18.50 $ on a monday night , i believe the weekend prices go up to 25 $ and children below a certain age eat free . watch out for coupons if you live on the south shore , i 've often seen promotions like `` 2 can dine '' for a set price in local flyers . they no longer have a website so i would suggest calling them for prices or just walk in to see the food selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been here a few times . highlights include nice smoked meat that you can carve for yourself and a nice selection of food that they seem to take care of . low include the fact that they seem to waste a lot of food because they refuse to label the food . yes , it 's mystery food time ! seriously ... you have to guess what things are . what if you had allergies ? what i thought might be chicken ... . fish ! a few dishes could use a little help and maybe an update . but otherwise it 's a solid chinese buffet when you have that craving for cheap chinese fare ala all you can stomach . the service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sooo good ! all organic ingredients and it tastes absolutely amazing . a little pricey but well worth good pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a wonderful local pizzeria . we ordered a calzone and a small pizza , both were very good and the side of sause was really tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "here is a place that we love to go with the family ... we tend to remortgage the house ever time we visit but hey with the current economic crisis who does n't ? ? ? it was a place we went all the time but lately not as often , not because the food is n't excellent but because it is quite pricey . the service is great , hudson the manager is great , very friendly and always comes to say hello . he knows us by name and enjoys our friendly banter . the pizza is very fresh , the place is always immaculate and i 've never had a problem with the food . if you are looking for great pizza this is the place , if you are looking for cheap well i 'm afraid it is n't . they do have a frequent stamp program and using that will save you a few bucks in the long run .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza . all organic . tastes great and even offers.wheat . dough . very reasonable prices too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just an update real quick . i did email zpizza about my experience yesterday ... they have already responded and stated they would be speaking to the manager at the scottsdale store about my experience & about the rude delivery driver . i was also asked for my mailing address for some certificates to make up for the service , which i told him i 'd be more than happy to use ... as long as i can use them at a different location . i have to admit that made me a lot less angry about the whole situation because they did n't have to do that ... so that does say something for the company in that they actually care about customers being happy enough to return for them . i thanked him and told him that their pizza really is the best . bumped it up a star ( for this location ) due to the company being sympathetic to my disappointing evening .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am a frequent customer at the nearby blue burger grille ( which is amazing ) and have always seen this restaurant from the car . as a person who is a vegan and has always hated pizza , i never gave much thought to z pizza . one day i was searching for some new vegan hot spots ( on yelp ! ) and came across z pizza . i went to their website and to my surprise they had a vegan pizza called the berkley vegan . that night i called in my order and had the best vegan pizza of my life ! super tasty and not at all greasy . this is a must try for vegans and non-vegans too . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bruce was friendly and knowledgable and i enjoyed working with him . he came to my house , looked over my mower , took it away in his truck , then brought it back a week later , good as new ! i have a small lawn and he recommended getting it serviced every two years . i will definitely be using him again when that time comes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "business is good and bruce is a busy guy ! he got back to me after i left a voicemail . i had no idea what to tell him was wrong with the mower , he picked it up form my house , quoted me a reasonable price for repairs and even though it took a while to get the machine back , bruce dropped it back off at my house with some words of guidance ( do i look like i 've mowed a lot of lawns in my life ? ? ) . he 's knowledgable , very professional and i would highly recommend to anyone . i 'd also recommend you plan for how long he needs to diagnose and repair - worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed . this is my first time ever leaving a negative review . i dropped off a weed eater to be fixed and originally he was good to work with and return calls . the original estimate was 4-5 business days . 2 weeks later after multiple attempts i finally reached him and he said 1-2 more days . i have never heard from him again despite multiple attempts to both call and pick up my item at his home . at first i thought he may be out of town , but it has been over 8 weeks since i originally dropped my item off and he will not return any calls . i guess he wanted my property more than running a descent small business . very untrustworthy . do not use .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first of all , communication is poor . seems to have a weird phobia about answering his door or meeting anyone face-to-face . if the work was adequate , that would be one thing . however , it was n't . even though belt was replaced and self-propel mechanism works , mower wo n't stay started for more than 1 second . hence , it was not repaired and email regarding mower not being functional was never returned . look elsewhere for mower repair .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after i made a lot of effort to get back in touch , bruce actually came to my house to fix the mower . i definitely appreciate him making it right and driving to me , i just wish we could have resolved the issue sooner . his work is great , he knows what he 's doing , but the communication could be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bruce was great to work with and gave me an honest opinion on the fate of my power washer . the free diagnosis was much appreciated and helped me put my money towards a new washer since the engine had lost compression .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closed ? gone ? seeing reviews from april and may , i figured i would hop in the car and bring my mower to the guy on saturday 6 13. the hours for his website say 10am-5pm on saturdays . i try calling , but only get voicemail i get to the address on the website and it 's just a regular house in a cul-de-sac ... but it says for sale out front and the driveway is empty . i go up to the door , and not only is there no answer or sign of life , but there 's a real estate key-box on the door handle . i did n't want to have the mower heating up in the car all day during my hours of other errands , so i had to bring it to my second choice place . so unless the guy had a temporary foreclosure , or changes the address hours phone very quickly , pass this one by and do n't waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't speak for the entire staff at the store because i was there for new shoes , but the boys working shoe department seemed more interested in talking to each other than helping people . i finally interrupted the one guy having a conversation about nothing with another guy about nothing to ask for a pair in my size . he brought them from the back with a friendly `` here . '' and that was it . hopefully the rest of the staff is more personable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i expect a lot from dick 's sporting goods high standard . seems like everytime i stop in to look for something the staff is always rude , ignores customers like me . i stopped by a week before supper bowl to get my denver broncos gear turns out the staff never cared and refused to support the nfl team playing in the super bow team i even checked with dick 's sporting goods and they have advised me that all stores should have nfl appeareal to support the nfl team playing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have used this business 3 times . charge $ 85 hour and want to charge you for their trip to lowe 's ( 30 minutes from my house ) for electrical items not in their trucks , smoking on the clock as technician hides behind truck , and very slow work . i was quoted a job would take 3-4 hours and charged for 6.5 hours ! plus , 5 holes cut in my ceiling , 3 holes cut down the wall , and no protection to my new carpet or items in room . and owner said that was his best technician ! call eco electric .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "left a message on their phone to call me to schedule an estimate for an electrical wiring project at my home ... no one ever responded to my message .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called on monday to have have a new light put up , old one down . got a 8:00 tuesday appt . cody the technician , called at 7:40 to let me know he was on his way , called when got to my gate , what ? ? ? this does n't happen in vegas ! ! he was charming , and very professional . very cafe file with the glass bulbs on new light ! very satisfied ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to get a circuit breaker installed , the agreed upon price in writing was $ 152.50 . included in the agreement was for them to pick-up a part from nevada distribution company . pinnacle electric charged my credit card $ 237.50 . i received a copy of their final invoice after they charged my credit card . report was filed with the better business bureau and i am disputing this with my credit card company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a scary electrical issue that had me worried that i may have a fire . but gary from pinnacle electric showed up on time and fixed my problem in very little time , and charged me a reasonable price . i could n't be happier , and will definitely use this company again and recommend to anyone who needs an honest electrician !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "serenity salon & spa provided exceptional nail service ! i have been to several salons in charlotte looking for the right fit and found it with trinity , at this salon . the staff there is accommodating and wants to make sure you leave a happy customer . i got a gel manicure and the color selection was just enough and not overwhelming with color options . also , you are encouraged to make appointments so that you can have quality attention to detail . overall a great addition to south charlotte and i already booked my next appointment . p.s . they are a full-service salon and you can get all your beauty needs met in one location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the service at serenity salon , both trinity and meredith were very patient with my requests and took their time with my gel manicure and pedicure . the salon is renovated and looks great and feels relaxing . i will definitely be back and glad i found a place i feel comfortable and know will receive outstanding service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trinity is amazing ! i was a new client and she provided me with the best service . she gave me quality time and really made sure i was happy . i 've gone to so many nail salons in the area and she 's by far the best ! high quality products and clean salon ! she was fabulous and took her time ! she even stayed late for me just so i would be happy ! i wish i could give her 10 stars ! my nails look beautiful and healthy ! will return ! ! ! ! i will add pictures !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband purchased a groupon for valentines day for me here . i had a great manicure and pedicure ! the owner is an absolute sweetheart and meredith was a delite also ! the salon is super cute and clean ! i will be back ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience , top notch service and one of the best pedicures i 've had in the qc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is just opening , so they 're renovating for now , but i got an outstanding haircut from trinity ! very kind and experienced professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "will i be back ? no . too many other nail places to try to find the right one . manicurist ? maria i think . very nice young lady . manicure was poorly filed . i asked for rounded . she attempted to do square which was a mess . i told her post pedi that i did not want my manicure done in the pedicure chair . she did it anyway . cuticles not cleaned up well enough because it was a rush job . someone was waiting . pedicure - good but my left big toe only had half a second coat so i walked around with my toe looking only half done .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stopped in here on a whim as i needed a haircut badly , and quickly . i checked the reviews before going in , and beside the great reviews , i saw haircuts at $ 25 ! trinity ( and her 2 lovely young daughters ) greeted me warmly . she told me about a pedicure special and both together would cost $ 60 . i was sold since i was expecting a hair cut to be around that much anyway . it was a tuesday afternoon i believe , and other than a happy customer who just had her eyelashes done , i was the only customer for a bit . it made for a very relaxing and enjoyable afternoon . best pedicure i 've ever had . i did n't get much more than a trim , but trinity made sure to listen to what i wanted and did not want . i would highly recommend this salon for anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no one cares more about customer service than trinity and her staff ! i 've been a customer of amanda 's for years and she 's fantastic , and i 'm so happy she 's affiliated with serenity . trinity always does the right thing and truly cares about how you feel when you leave her salon . i can not recommend enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place decor is so nice and the nicest people and such attention to detail when it comes to my nails i feel very valued as a customer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a manicure pedicure based on the yelp reviews and i was very pleased . they offer 25 % off your first service with them on yelp . they had a special which was cheaper that day so it was $ 30 . the two women there were very sweet and personable and also helped me choose the perfect colors for my nails . highly recommend these sweet ladies and i loved that i could book online even last minute . they also have a hair salon if you need those services as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude girl working cash . ignored me while she filled out some sort of form , then when i asked her about my order she told me [ starbucks ] did n't use the sf mocha flavour pump outside holiday seasons ( ? ) , which i know is n't true because i get the same skinny caf\u00e9 mocha every day at starbucks . i told her this , she looked at me and nodded with a straight face . could n't help but laugh and walk out at her blatant disrespect ... someone hates their job ... !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i find the people here extremely friendly - always up for a chat and some witty banter . the products are on par with the rest of the chain . there is quite a bit of seating , but it often seems to be packed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first starbucks experience outside of the us and it was not what i expected . apparently , in canada they do n't use vanilla soy milk , they use plain soy milk which is great in a calorie sense . i could work with the less calories and less sugar , but the espresso was awful . it was burnt and had tasted like it had either been sitting too long or that the machine needed a deep cleanse . good and prompt service !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starbucks is starbucks no matter where you go , really , the service is the only thing that differs . i do n't know if these employees are paid more than the norm , but they are so much nicer than the average starbucks employee . plenty of seating at this location , which is why i end up here when dark horse is full .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff here was super friendly and witty . i enjoy a little good banter with a barista every now and then and today was no exception . i find most starbucks to be the same across the board but the staff is what makes the experience more enjoyable for me and i 'd say this was no different . i just wish it was a little tidier in here but other ways great coffee as always .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "coconut latte is mediocre , wifi is down , all in all an annoying experience . wo n't come here again . tim horton is across the street . just sayin ' ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a friendly and efficient crew behind the counters here at this starbucks . time will tell if my four-star rating decreases or increases . but so far , so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "starbucks sur queen . rien de plus , rien de moins qu'ailleurs sauf peut-\u00eatre une fr\u00e9quentation plus grande que les autres caf\u00e9s plus proches .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the fact that this starbucks exists on this corner . after a few business failures in this location , a guaranteed legit starbucks is just what it needed . the windows here let you take in the action on one of toronto 's nuttiest street corners . there is plenty of action out there and it 's comforting to know the building which is a former bank , is solid and there is little chance of getting injured by a stray vehicle crashing into it , whew . i 've never had to wait long here and compared to other queen st. locations , that 's saying something with the traffic , especially on weekends . the space is lofty and spacious and the seating along the window is elevated for a birds eye view .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "another starbucks on queen ... : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a large location , but the staff are friendly . the place is clean too . and i like it 's industrial look . people also do n't seem to park themselves here for ridiculously long hours & take up all the space , which is a pet peeve of mine . if you ca n't afford to pay for your own internet you should n't mooch off a coffee shop all day long !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "joe is incredibly thorough and by the book . he might even be more ocd than me , which is saying a lot . he was great about communication via text email beforehand , and kept me updated day of when he was late . his inspections will most likely take longer than other companies because he 's very diligent . he 's a dream inspector for a buyer , but probably a terror for the seller because he will find everything . his report is awesome because he records the process and later dictates it to the report so you get all the details . he uses laymen terms , which i appreciated . and with that he 'd explain what is acceptable vs what is n't so you know what you 're looking for or what you 'll need to do to fix things . price wise he 's spot on or even slightly less than the competition , so no worries there . definitely recommend him for your home inspection , but he does stay booked so get him early !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe was my 3rd or 4th phone call to home inspectors today and the only one with availability the same week . our closing is moving really fast and we needed to have the report before our walk-through with the builder ( new construction ) . a+ for being accommodating . joe was very thorough at the inspection , showing us examples of issues that would be in the report . he gave us suggestions on how to verify items were fixed ( missing insulation ) . he even splashed water around the sinks to make sure they were sealed correctly ( they were not ) . we would rather have an abundance of documentation than not enough and miss something important . got my report back in less than 24 hours from completion of the inspection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first time home buying and new to the whole process of inspection . joe made the process super easy and explained everything that was going to happen including giving examples and answering any questions i had . joe was thorough , complete , and professional . his report is awesome because he records the process , takes pictures to make it more clear and later dictates it to the report so you get all the details . he uses laymen terms , which i appreciated.strongly recommended ! you will be very pleased with the level of detail in his reports and the speed at which he completes them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "at first i did n't know what to expect when i hired a private inspector to help us as we were custom building our home using a local builder . however , joe made the process super easy and explained everything that was going to happen including giving sample reports and answering any questions i had . when it was all said and done he managed to find a lot of hidden items that saved us a lot of money in the long run and allowed us to make our house safer and easier to resell if we wanted . i liked joe so much that i also used him for our 1 year walk through as well . strongly recommended ! you will be very pleased with the level of detail in his reports and the speed at which he completes them . thanks again joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the hot pot twice and came here for dinner the food is really good , there is some difficulty with speaking and language but depending who your waitress is the problem may not be there . the food is authentic and tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i give them 4 star , because they make big changes , i been this restaurant 3 times , first time they just open , was ok service , was very busy , every body run around , it 's so funny , food was salty , 2nd time i was there 1weeks ago , food make much better , and servers are good , nice to taking care my table , today every was ok , they only have 5 tables , so no body kind funny running around , and i like they free cool dish before you order from menu , we still get free cup of sweet dessert , it 's very nice for all customers . i think they can make better , ... so ... ..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we loved it here . good authentic chinese food , good service , nice and quiet seating . definitely , we will come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the exquisite bride is thee best bridal boutique in the area , hands down . it 's a pretty far drive from the city but it 's totally worth it . their service was phenomenal . they cater to your every need , listen to what you want and try to work with you to find the right dress . you do n't get this kind of service anywhere but a boutique store like this . you 'll also have your own private space , as in dressing room . plus , they 'll never rush you out like big corporate chain stores do . i ended up looking high and low for the `` right '' gown and unfortunately they did not carrying the dress i settled on , but i would have absolutely bought my dress from here if they would have . i 've honestly never forgotten the fabulous service i received and was dying to share about it ! remember you must make an appointment definitely leave drive time because you can easily get lost", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never thought i would be the bride that would have a difficult time making a decision about my wedding dress . after about 4 visits in total to exquisite bride ( 2 trips to gibsonia and 2 trips to the murrysville location ) i started to become overwhelmed by all the options and in result started to second guess myself . however , every visit i was greeted with a warm smile , friendly , and upbeat staff who were extremely patient and determined to help me find the right dress -- no matter how many visits it would take . i can not say enough good things about this boutique and their professionalism . the entire team including judy & dj-store manager ( at gibsonia ) and tracey & mataya ( at murrysville ) who made my experience truly enjoyable and memorable . i would highly recommend anyone in the pittsburgh area to visit the boutique and promise you wo n't be disappointed . thank you again to everyone at exquisite bride ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lyndsey was amazing as a bridal consultant . they were my third bridal salon of the day . the first was too pushy , the second did n't have the variety i was looking for , and ( not to sound like goldilocks here ) eb was just right . lyndsey was patient as i showed her what i liked and explained my vision . she was also accommodating with my large group of 7 . the only reason i am giving them a 4 rather than a 5 is because when we first arrived , we were n't on the schedule even though i booked them six months previously . but lyndsey quickly got us into a room and got me into my perfect dress .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great location for not only wedding dresses , but also prom dresses . their prom dress selection was to die for ! not to mention the unbeatable service and helpfulness the staff offered . rows of prom dresses jam packed together , so you do n't have to worry about their selection being short on styles . i was worried at first it would be more of a bridal store , but once you walk up those stairs , it 's prom heaven ! they have a pedestal where you can stand and get pictures in front of a big mirror with heels ( if you did n't bring your own ) to try on so you can get a really good feel for the dress . the staff there is n't the usual breathing down your neck making sure you do n't touch a dress wrong , but rather they are respectful and always ready to help ! i recommend going her if you need a prom dress , and i 'm sure the bridal selection is even better . i know i 'm going back next year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was the worst customer service i have experienced in awhile . the attitude and deliverance of empathy fell short . they were surprised we showed up for an apt today when booked back in nov . comments after we paid for dresses `` who was downstairs left with bridesmaid dresses its a mess '' are we really imposing on your day ? lack of professionalism , overpriced , and the definition of snooty . highly suggest to avoid this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i purchased my dress from the exquisite bride and had a great experience . i felt a little pressure while trying on dresses but i found that to be the case everywhere i shopped . the saleswomen and the seamstress i worked with were so sweet and i had fun at all of my fittings . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a wonderful experience finding , buying and altering my wedding dress with them . they were extremely helpful and accommodating to my large group . almost all of my friends in pittsburgh who got married close to when i did got their dresses here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to exquisite bride for a trunk show last year just to window shop and ended up purchasing my wedding dress for $ 200 ! ! ! it fit perfectly , i did n't have to get any alterations . if you 're looking for a dress and they have a sale , i suggest you check it out . the only downside is the one lady was a little rude when my friends and i came into the store . she offered no help and barely greeted us . everyone else was nice though , maybe she was having a bad day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "completely unprofessional in a prime location . do n't fall victim to the location lure of this place . the rates are way way way too high for terrible service and avg below avg quality of work . they intentionally do not quote or provide pricing upfront so that they can do the work and gouge you on pick up . the justifications for the insane rates : `` i have to pay my staff '' that is not your customer 's problem . you run a business : provide fare rates for the type of work being done . and , oh ya , why do n't you clean the dead insects off your neon sign in the window . find another good tailor in the city , there are plenty .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would not recommend their services . when i picked up my item from alterations ( which i brought in brand new with tags ) it now had a big blue pen stain on it . i pointed it out and they tried to tell me that no one uses blue ink in that store ... . that set me off ! how insulting ! correct customer service response would have been to be apologetic and offer something right away ... .if you pretend to care and are sympathetic clients can be very forgiving . average cost of hemming a skirt at other locations $ 25 ... .what davenport tailors charged $ 70 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away ! this place is basically a legal extortion racket . they do n't post or display prices for their work and if you do n't ask , they will then charge you easily 10x normal prices when you pick up . i paid almost $ 200 to get a couple of minor alterations and repairs made on garments that probably cost $ 120 to buy in the first place . i do n't think that a place that would exploit their customers in this way deserves anyone 's business , but if you must use them , make sure you get a written quote prior to dropping off your garments , otherwise they will basically add an extra zero to the price on pickup . very shady .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to get food from here regularly . their wings were pretty good . never liked their pizza . delivery was hit or miss on timing and getting the order right . also , the first time i ordered after they raised their prices , we all got food poisoning . so , i will never order from here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never been to this location but have eaten delivery from captains and of all the pizza joints that deliver to pittsburgh on grubhub ... captains is the best . look , it 's not the best pizza in the history of the world but it 's not the greasiest most disgusting either . i would call it middle of the road pizza in the scheme of things . they take a bit to deliver but they are always within the estimated time frame and usually earlier . i have eaten their pizza , wings , apps , etc and they 've all been rather tasty . it wo n't blow your mind , but it wo n't blow your colon either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to order food and the staff was young and very immature . they even made a comment as to why i would ever get food here . jokingly saying `` do n't let this guy make your pizza '' well that was the first and last time i go there for food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i am new to the area i had no idea where was a good pizza place who also delivered as i went thru my ads i found captains `` best pizza in town ! '' so it said anyway . i asked for a white pizza although it was n't on the menu the guy on the phone said sure we can make a white pizza ! wrong ! the pizza came an hour later with a basically cheese pizza on a cardboard like crust . sorrycaptains . you wo n't be getting my business any time soon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously great pizza and breadsticks ( not the cheapest , but not too pricey either ) , but the one delivery driver is a jerk ! he 's a little foreign kid ( not that foreign has anything to do with it , but i 'm just trying to identify him ) who was rude to my wife on two different occasions ! i 'd pick it up or request a normal delivery driver . i 've had better in pittsburgh ( graziano 's is the best i 've had so far ) , but most pizza places are worse than this .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "italo & tony is no more . italo closed shop and retired without a word to his loyal customers . the space has now been taken over by the korean hairdresser next door . if anyone knows of a good barber in the area - let us know ! i am giving italo & tony a final five stars in honour of their past service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good service . i was in toronto for a week and needed a beard trim but didnt have my clippers with me . so i went here and the lady barber gave me a very clean trim . i 'll definitely return next timer i 'm in town and need a trim ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for italo , he is here at charm salon & spa in woodbridge . it 's conveniently located at 4120 steeles ave. w. unit # 7 in the wendy 's plaza just east of pinevalley dr. and just west of weston rd . he 's still doing amazing work which you will appreciate ! give us a call at 905-856-1333 or ( 416 ) 276-0776 . we have a great promo right now . so call us if you want to book an appointment or get the special code . check him out live on our facebook page at https : www.facebook.com charmsalonspainc hope to see you soon . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to get a hair cut , and very cheap too . cut is even which is more than can be said for any of the cheap places around this one .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "alles unter einem dach - musical , restaurants , bars , \u00fcbernachtungsm\u00f6glichkeiten , kino , wellness und sport . grunds\u00e4tzlich ein sch\u00f6nes angebot , aber irgendwie wirkt auf mich nicht alles stimmig . ich gehe dort zwar ins musical und war auch schon im kino und diverse male essen , aber nur weil ich eh gerade dort war . keines der lokale w\u00fcrde ich gezielt besuchen wollen . auch versp\u00fcre ich keine gro\u00dfe lust , dort mein ganzes wochenende zu verbringen . daf\u00fcr wirkt es zu sehr zusammen geschustert ( alleine der unterirdische \u00fcbergang wirkt wie ein provisorium ) . zudem viel verschenkter raum , zu wenig oder gar kein tageslicht und daf\u00fcr eine schlechte beleuchtung und insgesamt zu wenig angebote .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das si-centrum in stuttgart ist ein komplex mit ( musical- ) theater , diversen kinos , restaurants , hotel , schwabenquelle sowie appartments , die dort zu mieten sind . hier ist immer was los ! ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beruflich f\u00fcr 1 1 2 tage in stuttgart wurde ich im si-centrum einquartiert . h\u00e4tte ich gewusst , dass es sich hier um ein erlebnispark f\u00fcr erwachsene handelt , dann h\u00e4tte ich vielleicht einen tag dran gehangen . leider konnte ich in der kurzen zeit nicht viel sehen und testen , aber hier kann man ruhig mal ein wochenende mit kino oder musical verbringen und vorher nachher lecker essen gehen ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wir waren hier am wochenende f\u00fcr 2 n\u00e4chte . meiner meinung nach ist das centrum ein etwas in die jahre gekommender komplex , der gern las vegas like sein m\u00f6chte , es aber nicht ist . alles wirkt sehr farblos und trist . die unterhaltungs `` meile '' hat fr\u00fch geschlossen und die restaurants sind mittelm\u00e4\u00dfig . super ist , dass es nicht weit zu den muicalhallen ist und das es eine direkte bahnanbindung in die stadt gibt . aber f\u00fcr ein rundum gelungenes konzept fehlt hier noch so einiges .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das si-centrum als erlebniszentrum zu bezeichnen halte ich dann doch f\u00fcr etwas \u00fcbertrieben . als ich dort war ( im vorfeld eines musicalbesuchs ) gab es au\u00dfer baustellenkrach und \u00fcberteuerten getr\u00e4nkepreise nichts zu erleben .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "insgesamt finde ich das si-centrum sehr dunkel , was dem ganzen ein ambiente einer grotte vermacht . da man auch zig kilometer unterirdisch zur\u00fccklegen kann , ist der eindruck einer h\u00f6hle mit erlebniswelt perfekt . ich war zur blue men group dort , deren vorstellung sich allemal gelohnt hat . auch die musical-b\u00fchne war super , man war mitten im erlebnis , was auch an der gruppe lag . das busterminal sah mit grade mal vier bussen sehr leer aus , zum abend hin schien sich der eventtempel zu f\u00fcllen , da mussten wir schon wieder in den bus zur abreise . f\u00fcr speisen und getr\u00e4nke gaben wir mehr aus , als f\u00fcr eintrittskarten , daher nicht sehr familienfreundlich .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "die musicals hier finde ich manchmal gut . es ist geschmacksache . ich schau auch nicht alle an , ausserdem geht das ganz sch\u00f6n ins geld . aber nein den restaurants k\u00f6nnte man sich verbessern . ich musste hier schon f\u00fcr k\u00e4ssp\u00e4tzle 2 , 5 stunden warten . es war die katastrophe . mehr sage ich dazu nicht . nach der show sonderlich vielen restaurants suchen sch\u00f6n zu . das kann in berlin m\u00f6chte passieren .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "recht teuer mit 16 eur pro 3 h , aber ein erlebnis und das beste ... keine kinder die nerven", "score": "4"}
{"review": "die veranstaltungsr\u00e4ume f\u00fcr die musicals sind klasse , ebenso das riesige aquarium mit den beiden knuffigen kugelfischen im unteren stockwerk . die toiletten sind sauber und die gartenwirtschaft ist preislich akzeptabel . womit ich gar nichts anfangen konnte , waren die ganzen gesch\u00e4fte im inneren .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "makkelijk om naar toe te gaan als je niks te doen hebt en wat wilt drinken en filmpie wilt pakken . draaien geen filmhuis maar meer de kaskrakers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "das si-erlebnis centrum in stuttgart ist wirklich ein erlebniszentrum . habe ja schon einiges gesehen , aber darauf k\u00f6nnen die schwaben echt stolz sein . ob nun das riesige aquarium , welches fast schon einen besuch im m\u00fcnchner sea life \u00fcberfl\u00fcssig macht , oder die unz\u00e4hligen kneipen restaurants mit ihrem hervorragendem essen , es ist das erlebnis center . auch ohne musical- oder kinobesuch , einfach mal erlebnis pur erleben und abtauchen in die gem\u00fctliche welt der si-kneipen welt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich kenne das si-centrum nur deswegen , weil das filmfestival bollywood and beyond seit vergangenem jahr leider nicht mehr im sehr viel angenehmeren metropol-kino l\u00e4uft , sondern im centrum-cinemaxx . freiwillig w\u00fcrde ich das vermeintliche `` erlebniscentrum '' in m\u00f6hringen nicht besuchen , da es eine unpers\u00f6nliche betonw\u00fcste ist . lokale wie `` the dubliner '' strahlen allenfalls eine k\u00fcnstliche disneyland-version von urigem flair aus . und die preise ( im diner z . b. kostet ein mediokrer espresso stolze 3 euro ) kann man wohl nur deshalb verlangen , weil es in gehbarer entfernung keine alternative gibt . auf wiedersehen im n\u00e4chsten juli ( leider ) !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "einige male habe ich musicals im si genossen und dabei auch im si \u00fcbernachtet . der erlebnisbereich ist f\u00fcr einen abend ansprechend gestaltet und auch entsprechend abwechslungsreich . die zimmer und der service im hotel sind stimmig zu dem was ich erwartet habe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ich sag nur teuer ! ansonsten klasse . alle in einem riesen komplex .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "donnesrtags vor 12:00 kommen , da bekommen wir frauen 6 std zum preis von 2 std+ saft . sehr gut gefallen mir die aufg\u00fcsse , es gibt immer hinter her eine belohnung . z.b . eis , obst , mineraldrink , oder einen gong . super find ich alle ruher\u00e4ume . und im vergleich zu anderen sauna wesentlich j\u00fcngere leute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das time square befindet sich im si-centrum stuttgart . aufgrund der n\u00e4he zum cinemaxx-kino , entschlossen wir uns , vor dem kinobesuch im time square essen zu gehen . das time square restaurant befindet sich in den colonnaden . zu jeder vollen stunde erklingt eine gro\u00dfe uhr inmitten des restaurants . an diesem abend spielte ein pianospieler , was wir als sehr angenehm empfanden . die tische waren mit stoffservietten eingedeckt . leider wurden die ravioli lauwarm an den tisch gebracht und waren zudem hart ; mein geschmack wurde nicht getroffen ! die weinauswahl ist gro\u00df , jedoch \u00fcberteuert . f\u00fcr ein glas schlechten zweigelt zahlte ich eur 6,90 ! ! ! das preis-leistungs-verh\u00e4ltnis ist schlecht . fazit : nur bedingt lohnenswert ! .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "das letze mal war eine ent\u00e4uschung das si centrum ist lange nicht mehr der publikums magnet wie es fr\u00fcher einmal war . viele gastronomie- und ladenfl\u00e4chen stehen leer . die wenigen gastronomien die das si centrum noch hat sind \u00fcberf\u00fcllt und das personal ist vor den showzeiten total \u00fcberfordert . das theater ist sch\u00f6n und die shows sind super tanz der vampiere", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir haben uns letzte woche den tanz der vampire angeschaut . das musical war klasse , allerdings mussten wir feststellen dass 80 % des zentrums geschlossen hatte , teilweise wegen gesch\u00e4ftsaufgaben . hunderte von menschen hatten wohl genau so wie wir den einfall noch vor der vorstellung in ruhe etwas zu essen oder zu trinken und str\u00f6mten druch die g\u00e4nge . das einzige restaurant was auf hatte war nat\u00fcrlich restlos \u00fcberf\u00fcllt und man hatte kaum eine chance auf einen platz . wenn man dann doch einen ergattert hatte wartete man vergebens auf servicepersonal . das ende vom lied war dann ein besuch in der angrenzenden aral tankstelle . schade , das si zentrum scheint in den letzten jahren sehr abgebaut zu haben .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wir waren \u00f6fter seit \u00f6ffnung des si centrums zum abendessen . die qualit\u00e4t hat mit den jahren extrem nachgelassen .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "das si-erlebnis-centrum lebt ja von seinen restaurants . die besuchte veranstaltung si -swr3 sylvester-party im jahr 2015 2016 war f\u00fcr meine geschmack leider ein reinfall . es war letzendlich eine schlechtere teure verrauchte disco mit 24,50 eintritt pro person . es war so in der phantom-bar verqualmt , dass wir an sylvester um 11:30 noch zu freunden weggingen . richtig schade , das publikum war perfekt gestylt , toll angezogen und hatte stil . die musik war ziemlich \u00fcbersteuert , in der phantom-bar noch ok. es fehlte aber einfach atmosph\u00e4re . in den jahren 2000 2001 2002 war die sylvester-party noch richtig spitze . der bereich bei der spielbar-stuttgart war deutlich besser , aber da durften wir nicht hinein . ins si-erlebnis-centrum gehe ich ansonsten recht gerne ; unten ins bierlokal oder in das irish-pub .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "das si-zentrum ist nicht mehr der publikumsmagnet wie fr\u00fcher , hat aber immer noch charme und die musicals sind trotzdem noch ein erlebnis . auch lohnt sich ein besuch im kino . wer nur ins musical geht sollte trotzdem im kino vorbeischaun , denn hier erh\u00e4lt man die billigsten getr\u00e4nke im ganzen si-zentrum , auch gibt es kleine snacks und eis . auch kann man wenn man etwas gekauft hat sein parkticket im kino abstempeln und bezahlt nur 2,5eur f\u00fcr 5 stunden parken . seit neuestem gibts auch hot dogs f\u00fcr 2,9eur und maultaschen im kino , im si-zentrum an dem stand zahlt man glaub ich 3,8eur", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das si-centrum selbst ist prima , aber die schwabenquellen sind wirklich nicht mehr gut . zu voll , zu teuer , unfreundlich an den kassen . innen ist so manches renovierungsbed\u00fcrftig und es l\u00e4sst so manches zu w\u00fcnschen \u00fcbrig . es hat mir nicht gefallen , werde dort nicht mehr hingehen . bin entt\u00e4uscht auch \u00fcber die hohen preise .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amerikanisches unterhaltungskonzept mit gesunden preisen", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first of all i do n't understand why you have to be listed on the complaint . you should be able to report excessive barking dogs in a hoa neighborhood anonymously without fear of your neighbors you are reporting , able to seek revenge , its a crazy world out here and you just never know how someone will react . there is a pitbull that is constantly barking in our hoa community and the hoa is not doing anything about it even though its a rule violation and i can not report this dog to animal control because i have to be listed on the citation . this department needs to relook at the way barking dogs can be reported without harm to the person reporting it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we called in a pitbull running around in the park no owners . tried to keep an eye on its location for when animal control showed up . upon the mans arrival me b my husband told him where it was and that the animal seemed frightened . not one word was said from the man or acknowledgement that we were speaking to him . very very rude person ! if he treats people this way i cant imagine how he treats animals .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i appreciate what animal control is there for ... i really do . but when i witness them run around a neighborhood chasing a female boxer with a hurt left leg for over an hour as she huffs and puffs and has a freaking heart attack ... i have come to realize these idiots have no clue how to catch a dog . how about we try and calm her down , give her water , giver her some freaking food . lions will run their pray till they almost die of exhaustion . it seems thats the only thing these overweight losers know what to do . get in the car ... chase the dog ... get out of the car ... chase the dog ... get in the car ... chase the poor dog . really ? i have saved many dogs in my day and keeping them calm is the most humane way . who ever teaches these idiots how to catch dogs needs to be put in a maze and chased till they have a heart attack to see how they like it . idiots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they respond fairly quickly ! they got back to us often and rescued a dog that was being neglected within 24 hours . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lucie 's lounge is a cool little bar that knows exactly what it is . the bartenders there are range from super nice and great with drinks to inattentive at worst , but they never get in the way . the best part of this place is that the drinks are super cheap happy hour or not , you can get your moneys worth of whatever you want . whats also cool about this bar is that they have comedy shows occasionally and on saturdays they do karaoke , which never falls short of entertaining . its a great local bar , and its one that likely gets passed by because of its location and that the exterior does n't make it stand out at all . but if you like dive bars then this 'll be a great place for you", "score": "3"}
{"review": "family atmosphere with amazing customer service . i drove clear across town just to see what this place was all about . the atmosphere is very , `` cheers '' like for the fact that everyone was friendly and inviting . justin happened to be my bartender on this particular occasion . kudos to justin on his unparalleled guest service . i will definitely come back to this establishment . thank you for such a wonderful experience ! ! ! happy hour sampler platter was amazing . also beers are cheap and the atmosphere is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a dump and that is a compliment for the neighborhood it 's located in . if you have a fear of being mugged , shot , or raped then stay away ... and i mean during daylight hours too ! this place makes prison look like club med . too bad i had to chose a star or i would have rated it `` no stars '' .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't let the outside fool you ... .cozy inside ... oakland raiders bar whenever they play ... c'mon down raidernation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was there for the first time on the evening of wednesday , 12-25-2013 . i wo n't be going back . they have what is billed as an `` open mike comedy night '' on wednesdays , but unfortunately , it 's run by folks who do n't know what they 're doing and have no clue about how a comedy show should be presented . for example , they billboard themselves as having a 9:30 pm start time , but at 10:25 pm , the `` show '' had n't started yet , probably because the dj host was high on something ... also , the place was too damned noisy . no one could carry on a decent conversation with all of the music blaring . i was glad to leave , after almost an hour . the pretty blonde barmaid on duty at that time was perfect ; very attentive and friendly to her patrons , and most important of all , she was totally honest . i sincerely hope she finds a good job , elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i met a friend here and was a bit skeptical due to previous reviews . i am glad that did not change my mind about this place . it 's more of a bar than a lounge , but thats ok . i still had a good time . the people there was nice and did n't mind talking . a pool league was playing was tgat was interesting to watch . i do n't know how this place was in the past , but my experince was great . the bartender was interactive with the patrons . she made an awesome drink . i would definitely go back if i have the opportunity . they are definitely raider fans . i prefer the packers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to this bar a couple of times before . to my surprise , it 's really clean and kept up . you would n't be able to tell from the outside though . they have a couple of pool tables and had a dj . my girlfriends and i had the best asada fries n garlic parmesan fries ever ! ! ! the only disappointment was , the blonde bartender took forever to serve us our drinks but overall it was a fun atmosphere : ) we will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "raider nation bar , friendly bar tender and very informative . do not let the outside appearance keep you away . clean and very non divey on the inside . they also serve food but we had already eaten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arriving here it seemed that the neighborhood was a bit bad . but inside , the people were friendly . i guess it gets crazy busy . this is a raider fan bar . all bars with super fans are crazy . lol . inside it looked on the old side . but vegas is old . i 'm just used to newer parts of vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "raiders bar ! ! always a good time . good wings and poppers , and very crowded on game days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great bar . the staff and the drink prices are gr8 . come once after that your family", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a damn shame ! new owners come in fire all the bartenders for what ? ! ? ! an over weight , non personality having , 1980 's perm wearing nobody ! who is to busy flirting with the guys playing pool to serve paying customers ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ? are y'all serious ? the place is so dead the bartenders personality is dead . and the sad looking girl charged me for drinks when i had money in the machine , which should have been comped cause i was playing . that goes to show how desperate they are for money . all in all i wont be coming back thanks for ruining my neighborhood bar by firing all the dope bartenders for your wack a $ $ wife to bartender who sucks and is too busy flirting with the customers over pool to serve us . yall ruined a good neighborhood bar ! wont ever be coming back thanks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "take out gem in the area ! i called in to order for lunch and the woman was very polite on the phone and explained the spice level of some of the items . the order was ready in 10 mins ! the lunch special was $ 10+tax and the portion was very generous . i got the hot and sour soup and red thai curry chicken with side of rice . soup was a good portion and had a lot of flavour . it 's got a kick to it , and i loved it ! not thick like some other hot and sour soups i 've had . red thai curry was very good . so smooth with a lot of flavour ; and there were tofu pieces along with chicken . and they gave me a lot of rice on the side . more than typical thai restaurants ... this was more than lunch . i ate the rest for dinner . i 'll definitely be going back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time ordering take out from here . great service , fast and delicious food . love the green curry !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was skeptical when i read the positive google reviews on this place but i 'm glad i gave it a try . i 'd echo similar comments others have made that it 's good value - prices are reasonable and portion sizes are generous . the spring rolls were large . the chicken and shrimp pad thai had nice , jumbo shrimps ( 4 of them ) and had a nice wok-fried taste . the mango salad was my favourite- many places tend to cheap out and mix in a lot of red onions or other fillers but the mango salad here was probably 90 % mangoes . there 's only two small table for two so it 's more of a take-out restaurant . food is made quickly . we called in our order and the lady said it 'd be ready in 10-15 mins . overall , it 's a good place for thai take out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very convinient and friendly take out place . nice people . very clean place and awesome food . they deliver free within 7 km . you cant ask for anything more if you are living in a neighbourhood . they do have a lots of vegetarian options too..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yum yum ! ! ! ! the lunch special is such a large portion . i got chicken pas thai and it was loaded with chicken and tofu . took 5 minutes to receive my take out after ordering . very friendly staff ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sweet and friendly service ! accommodating and knowledgeable about different food needs . ordered the veggie pad thai with fresh rolls . she automatically confirmed she wo n't add fish sauce or egg because she over heard my convo with the sister . food was good for a take out thai place . definitely chinese owned but unsure of the cook . fresh mango roll and spring roll were both delicious and freshly made . no wilting or oily veggie here . pad thai was slightly set for me but chili sauce made up for it . might have been because they needed to make up for the fish sauce flavor . plentiful veggies and noodles . 2 of us could n't finish and i took home some !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very nice family-style restaurant for ( mainly ) take-out thai food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! my favourite thai spot in mississauga . food is fresh . taste is great . i also love that they can accommodate my gluten free diet without compromising flavour . we 've had the mango fresh rolls which are the best i 've ever had . also love the basil pad thai and red curry . highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! best thai food in mississauga . affordable with large portions too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst food ever . depended on yelp reviews to go check this place out . it was completely disappointing . everything seemed to be put together by a disinterested chef . the lady at the counter was most unwelcoming , acting as if she is doing us a favour by letting us come in . never again for me !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick , and friendly service . good for a swift thai fix if you 're craving although not authentic . slightly bland compared to other thai in the city .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! probably one of the best thai food restaurant opened in mississauga . love the thai rice and red curry ! food is reasonably priced as well . you get big portions for every dish you order . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it has been a while since i tried this place , should return soon . definitely recommend . their chicken wings are amazing ! 1 of the best i have had for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fav thai take out yum always fresh and always delivered on time . you can really taste all the spices the herbs the ginger coconut . not greasy ... totally recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good quality food , on time delivery ... ordered many times everything was always really good and fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time getting a takeout here . great food . great flavour . good portion . i will regularly order takeout from here . tried the pad thai and basil fried rice . both taste great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service here is great , the prices are low for the portion and quality and super fast ! i ordered a pad thai and spring rolls - they spring rolls were nothing special but the pad thai had a great flavour . it was n't an authentic thai experience ( they served lemon with their pad thai ) but it was interesting enough for me to enjoy the unique flavours .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best thai food i have ever had . such great flavour and just the right amount of spice . had the chi and shrimp satay pad thai and chicken red curry . both were delicious ! its a nice n small takeout place . great food for a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i needed fliers made to distribute at pat 's run , i called around to get pricing and graphic ideals ( known as alphagraphics at the time ) was above and beyond the best . in addition , their staff was friendly and efficient ... i went back and forth with the # of finished fliers i needed and i had to get several estimates . i spoke several times to lena - you would think with my many phone calls , she would get annoyed , but she was patient with me and even went so far as to give me her cell phone so i could call her after hours if necessary . needless to say , the fliers turned out great ! pm me if you want to see a copy - they listed 8 top suggestions for places to refuel after the race ( yummy breakfast places near tempe ) . you may even be quoted on there ? ! thanks graphic ideals - i 'll be back for all of my future printing needs for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disclaimer up front i am a transport volunteer for the injured raptors coming into this facility . most of my `` deliveries '' get euthanized because of the severity of their injuries ... and i see this place as the single best way to educate john q . public about why these birds die needlessly every day . before i became a transporter , i visited here at the urging of friends ... and , friend , i was hooked . this is one of the best , intelligent displays educational interactions of birds of prey i have ever seen . i bring my friends and family here whenever they visit because it is that cool , and that important . i even have a friend who also became a volunteer here after visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i suppose i 'm biased because i 've always loved raptors , owls particularly . but i very much enjoyed seeing the owls , vultures , hawks , falcons , eagles , kestrels , and lively visiting corvidae ( ravens , crows and magpies ) . these are probably the chillest raptors you 'll ever see . i guess it 'd kind of be like visiting an outdoor rehab center for permanently injured athletes . these birds were once the rulers of the sky , swooping down on irritating prey like rats and skunks in the blink of an eye ... until some sad tragedy , a bullet , a car moving too quickly - cut short their majestic reign . so these raptors , for the most part fairly acclimated to human presence , will merely eyeball you as you walk by their aviaries or embarrass yourself by clicking and hooting to get their attention . stop in for the mini-lecture for an up close view of some of the birds , as well as some interesting background information .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick one . after reading kathy 's review i remembered how amazing this place is and how lucky we are to have it so close by . my first encounter with owls . its been a while , so i definitely need to go back , and will do whatever i can to bring others with me . $ 10 at most to get in , but i 'm sure some donations and or sponsoring a bird would be greatly appreciated . for $ 45 bucks a year you can you can go whenever you want and bring a friend . great for kids ! will update upon my next visit , hopefully sooner rather than later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been awhile since i treated myself for my birthday to the photowild day , and to this day it 's one of the best things i 've ever done . from the website : each day highlights over 20 different raptors in unique settings each day . the day starts with an early-bird breakfast at 7:30 am , followed by six , thirty minute sessions -- we 'll have lots of birds each session to choose from . the final hour of each day features some of our flight show superstars in free-flight ! http : www.carolinaraptorcenter.org experience photowild take your camera and treat yourself , or a loved one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although i 'm scared of bird ( i suffered a vicious peacock attack as a child ( seriously ) ) , this place was pretty cool . we just happened to arrive as one a raptor presentation was beginning . seeing a presentation is a must ( the trip would have not been as good without it ) . the woman doing the presentation brought out a number of birds and told us lots of interesting info about them . after that , we just walked around to the different cages and checked out the other birds . if you want to take pictures , bring a camera with a zoom lens ( i could n't get close enough for my iphone pictures to be very good ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is literally for the birds . they take in injured raptors ( eagles , owls , hawks , etc ) and try to rehabilitate them to be released back into the wild . if they can not be rehabilitated , the birds are homed at the raptor center and may be used in their educational programs . my favorite raptors are the owls , especially the barn and barred owls . the raptor center has a cute commercial ( look for it on youtube ) featuring a barn owl . volunteers are very knowledgeable here . my last visit i witnessed a volunteer being trained to handle one of the birds . pretty cool . it was also interesting to watch the progress of the two eaglets recently birthed by two of the bald eagles . the center setup eagle cam for this . many of these birds are found in our backyards and it is wonderful for kids of all ages to learn about their importance to the environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the carolina raptor center is a very quick drive from uptown charlotte . the center rehabilitates injured raptors from all over the us , but keeps those that are unable to return to the wild . they do a great job with educating visitors about the 'residents ' . visitors can attend hourly shows and walk a trail to learn about the birds . note : all outdoors please cal them if you ever find an injured raptor : 704-875-6521", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was pretty neat . it 's much like a park with multiple outdoor exhibits featuring almost exclusively birds that are too injured to be released . many of them are missing parts of a wing so they ca n't be rehabilitated but their cages seem to be roomy enough and they do seem well cared for . i think this place was a once and done for me in that i had a good time the first time but i do n't have particular motivation to go back . it was nice walking along the trail through the woods but i would consider wearing bug repellant because i left with a few bites ( but i 'm a mosquito magnet ) . it 's definitely worth seeing this place , especially at only 10 dollars per adult .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would n't call myself a raptor refuge expert , but i 've been to a few and this one is probably the best i 've visited . large number of birds of various raptor varieties with lots of information to go with them . i 'm not sure what problems other reviewers had with the staff , but the ones i ran into where very nice and seemed to know their stuff . there was also a cute little gift shop with local art .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on a recent trip to charlotte , nc to see the body world exhibition at the local science museum i took the 20 minute drive up to the carolina raptor center . the center rehabilitates birds of prey that have been injured with the hopes of returning them to the wild but the birds that can not be returned are kept at the site and cared for in zoo-like aviaries . the center affords the visitor an opportunity to learn about the birds and see them up close in a way that would n't be possible in the wild . there are several types of falcons , owls , vultures and a family of bald eagles . the tour around the grounds takes about an hour and there are hourly presentations by volunteers that are geared primarily for children but are fun for adults too . definitely worth the trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did the bald eagles behind the scenes tour today and actually went into their cages and photographed the birds . the rapper center is a little gem inside the latta plantation nature center . tons of trails , horseback riding and fishing . the rapper center is an animal rehabilitation and sanctuary for permanently disabled birds . this is a unique education center with lots of children 's programs . the entrance fee is $ 10 and the behind the scenes tour we took was $ 20 and well worth it . our guide was a former teacher and was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my kids here one afternoon when my wife was out of town on business , and was pleasantly surprised by how much fun we all had . lots of great birds , from condors to bald eagles , in a beautiful wooded setting . there 's also a very cool playground in the middle that my kids almost found more interesting than the raptors . a fun outdoor experience that also serves an important purpose .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what a great spot . we took the self guided tour and was very pleased with how much we were able to access and learn about so many birds from all over . the place was easy to find and run by donations . our son really enjoyed the art area and the fact they had eagles . the bathrooms are in the main building so go before your tour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great little gem . i applaud the work they do here , they really do seem to care a great deal about the animals and ensuring species survival as well . we did the flight show , and unfortunately the first bird was being rather stubborn and flew off into a tree . much to my disappointment , but also earning the staff a great deal of respect , they quietly cleared the amphitheater and closed off the entire area until the bird came down of its own accord . they gave a refund to those who wanted it . i was impressed with the animals . they seemed to show very few , if any , signs of stress . besides which , walking around there was absolutely pleasant given the trees , shade , nature , and the pathways .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sure you 're wondering how good a bird zoo can really be . i was really impressed with this place . the setting is wonderful , and the birds are really something . take some time to see a show . a little hokey , but a fun way to see the birds up close and appreciate the relationships between staff people and these interesting animals . a great way to spend a couple of hours in the ( mostly shaded by beautiful forest ) outdoors .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the birds were impressive and the bald eagle enclousure was great . a little pricey for small children .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved every minute ! family trip one sunday afternoon . educational and fun ( scavenger-like hunt through path based on harry potter and legends of ga'hoole . ) kids were awestruck by each raptor ; we all gaped admiringly at the great eagles . knowledgeable and friendly volunteers . just beautiful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful destination for family or just a couple looking to enjoy nature . this place does not hold birds captive . they either nurse them back to health and release them back into the wild , or provide homes to those that are too injured to survive alone , most often doubling their life span ! only $ 12 to go and fun to learn about exotic birds and see them up close !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice place to bring the family or just a stroll through . the birds are absolutely beautiful and nice walking trails . wear good sneakers for comfort .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a memorable experience ! plenty of birds to walk through and look at . we went on a weekday morning so it was n't over crowded . fun experience overall !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "except for the extremely rude lady who yelled at us all for accidentally entering some restricted area ( all gates open , no visible signage from the open gate we came through ) it was great . when we mentioned we never saw any signs , she stormed off saying the signs were all over the gate . we did n't bother to mention we had come through a gate on the other side . she should n't be around people . the rest of the staff was great", "score": "3"}
{"review": "starting from the ticket center workers were rude . they did not correctly answer questions about pricing and bird times and were very bratty with their short answers . all but one of the bird handlers were rude to us and other parents with children in the area . we were unable to see a few birds because of times . we asked about bird times at the ticket center and they didnt have answers . when we asked a bird handler when we could see the birds again he very rudly said `` you are supposed to ask the ticket takers for times '' and did not answer the question . poor service all around . i will not give them my money again . lacking in manners .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it takes $ 2 to start , and if it ran all day you still would n't get your car clean . save some money and wait for rain .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's now called motor city , it 's touchless , and it 's terrible . did n't clean the least bit of `` dirt '' off of my car . after going thru the $ 6 wash , i could still write my name in the dirt on my car . and my car was n't very `` dirty '' to begin with ... just your typical stuff from parking outside every day ... no caked on mud or anything that you would apply effort to in order to clean it . and there was a small bit of bird poop that it did n't clean off either . terrible car wash. avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wash my car every couple days here , actually both my cars , i really do n't know why ppl write bad comment about this place , they have great vacuum , great cleaners , nice selection of cleaning supply , i wish i can give it 10 stars . everything i come here i 'm satisfied , the owner one time gave me free vacuum when i did n't have change , the employee is a great guy very helpful and always keeping the place clean , and greeting the customers . i love this place , best car wash i ever been to , and trust me i 'm in the transportation business and my car have to cleaned daily , so i been around and tried different places , but i would drive miles to come here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not even sure this is the right place- i keep trying to check into `` wash around the clock '' and this is the only place that comes up . is this the old name ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such an awesome massage ! natasha is incredible and made my migraine go away by relieving tension in my neck and shoulders ! they are so reasonably priced too . i bought two gift cards when i was leaving and i never do that when checking out ! i 'd be surprised to find a better massage place at this price and no frills . very clean and nice massage tables too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here around 20 times and loved it every time . the staff are extremely helpful and the therapists are well trained . i have been to every competitor in town before i tried this place and i can honestly say you would be dumb to go anywhere else . the atmosphere is relaxing , they offer a lot of choices ... all of which are customizable . the best massage office i have ever been to . they are the cheapest in town too so there is no reason not to go . you should check it out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got hooked up with a groupon coupon ( thanks jay ) . so i came , i saw and my sore back got conquered . no pun intended . sorry for the pun . the masseuse was very skilled and worked out all the knots , but the parlor itself is n't anything too fancy . the walls were thin so you could hear banging and clanging from the restaurant under construction next door . that must be why the music was so loud . upon finishing , i was inebriated and lethargic . i do n't even remember my masseuse 's name . i stumbled out to my car feeling relieved , refreshed and drove home in a dilapidated daze . i missed my exit . yep , it was that good . i just wish it was n't in a strip mall and had thicker soundproof walls . that really took away from the ambiance and `` zen '' .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "though i would love to have a massage every day ( who would n't ? ) , i normally only go when i am having some back issues or pain . that said , i am not really looking for a `` spa '' experience , just a good massage to help ease the discomfort . zen massage perfectly fit the bill ... .they got me in on very short notice , and tina did an excellent job with a deep-tissue massage . the best thing about zen massage , however , was the lack of the `` sales-pitch '' like they give you at massage envy . if you want a simple , affordable massage with no pressure or hassles , zen massage is an excellent choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been having increasing pain in my right side . after saying `` oh it will subside '' for the past month , i 've finally decided to get a massage to see what they could do ( since i knew it was sciatic nerve pain and i felt almost handicapped in my right leg ) . michael worked wonders ! i was so happy i finally went . i targeted the areas that i specified in a deep tissue massage and also gave me pointers on how to relieve my pain in-between sessions . my pain decreased by 80 % and the next time i go , i know it 'll drop down some more . other things to note : getting a last minute appointment was easy and i love the fact that they have crap to see you after ( like how massage envy does ) . i 'm definitely excited to come back next month . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bad customer service . our massage was canceled last minute due to an employee having a medical emergency which i understand but the massage could n't be rescheduled for another 3 hours and the receptionists appology was insincere and she seemed irritated that i was upset . we were already in route and woke up at 7:30 am to make our appointment . we will never be making appointments here again . you ruined the morning of our anniversary . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amie ! ! ! hands down the best massage i have ever had ! i have been a long time customer of zen charlotte on east blvd because its closer to my job and they are great . but i think i have found a new home with zen huntersville . amie did an amazing job with my hour deep tissue massage . i almost cried because i did not want this massage to end , i really should of got a hour and a half . i have never felt so great and relaxed after a massage . my back and shoulders feel amazing . this is a monthly must for me now . at 59.99 for a hour deep tissue massage without the membership and great hours that can accommodate mostly any schedule , it is unbeatable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked out this place because of the groupon , what a great swedish massage - at a great price . very relaxing and very professional . i will be returning to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having always seen this place but never gone in . i finally did so today and was glad i did . when entering there seemed to be some sort of event going on . you comic people know what i am saying . where the big long tables are out layered with card , comics or games , while people intensely talk and look at these products with glee . the store its self is pretty neat . the major focus on comics and they carry a well stocked variety . the graphic novels are few but i do have to say the few they had where definitely my types of read . overall a solid comic shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store seemed clean and organized . i went there looking for pokemon , yugioh , and magic cards . the store had some great selection for each , but did take some time for me to look through it all . the prices were very reasonable , and what i expected . the cashier was nice and did n't mind answering any questions we had . he also gave a 2 free cards that were cheap . i would definitly refer this store , as well as be a returning customer . there are tournaments at this location every week . thursday , friday , and saturday . i would definitly check this out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once , and for good reason . to put it nicely , the service was seriously lacking . i walked in and nothing . they did n't ask if i needed help looking for something , greet me , or even acknowledge me until i was about to pay . i guess the magazine the cashier was reading was very important . i 've been to several comic book stores and i do n't need someone to hold my hand , i would just like common courtesy . on the positive it was a organized place and the selection was pretty good .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "local comic book store , i 'm here every wednesday of course - comic book release day of the week . most of the staff is friendly but there are a couple guys that do n't say hi or anything . anyways i come here for the comics and because its close to my house . other than that , service could be better and friendlier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is a average . it has a six month wall . this place does not bag and board new issues unless asked . the store specializes in new stuff only and has almost no back stock . the store has tournaments for card gaming on weekends . the staff does n't talk to new customers much or ask them if they need assistance . note for true comic fans ... this store is good for new comics on wednesdays and supplies but that is about it . dime-a-dozen store ... nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times and overall my stance has remained the same . employees seldom try to help you and when you do get help they seem distant and give quick `` hurry up '' answers . there is a lot of cool merchandise and collectibles here and lots to see . that is when there is n't a class for yo yo in the back of the shop where you are having to navigate carefully lest you get whacked on your way to see the new stuff at the very back of the store ... overall the stuff inside is great but some of the people inside however did n't match . too bad .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband should probably be the one writing this review but i 've definitely been there with him enough times to comment on their customer service ... which is great . you can order subscriptions there to your favorite magazines which basically means once the comic comes out , they 'll put a copy aside for you . the place is n't huge but the hubby 's never complained about not getting what he wants . it 's entertaining to go their when there 's some sort of magic or whatever other role-playing `` gatherings '' are going on that day . we 've been going to them for a few years now and we definitely recommend them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here al the time , great to have a comic book store int he sw valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay comic book store . not a huge selection , but pretty decent . staff is always very friendly and attentive . love that they offer a special back selection for only $ 1 per issue !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't bother asking to many questions . you wo n't get much in the line of help . they will however rush you out so they can finish watching there movie . not bad on comic selection , but not my first choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved the trainers but unfortunately i had to move and they made me pay 25 % of my remaining contract to get out of it . if i were just being lazy and not going that would be one thing but i 'm moving out of state and feel penalized . nothing personal against the gym but this contract thing is ridiculous ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the facility is nice and has got everything you need for a quality workout . i thought the staff was not very friendly at first but the owner made a huge leap forward to address my concerns after writing my first review . i find that to be very admirable . i am still looking for consistency in that change and hopefully the walk will talk . so thank you ! my favourite features of this facility are the 24 hour access with magnetic entry , the cleanliness and video screens at the cardio machines and the simplicity of it all . kinda nice to have the place all to yourself sometimes too . one improvement i would like the owners to look into is that when the central music is on - how can one listen to the the tv on the cardio machines without the background music being on . is there a way to turn it down ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a couple of training sessions with one of pulse 's trainers , sarah ... . what a great workout ! they were 30 min sessions , so i did n't think i 'd get my full workout in , but she managed to work every inch of muscle in my body in the short time . sarah is great with incorporating a variety of techniques and consistently kept my form in check . she is very knowledgeable and good at what she does . she offers both private and small group sessions ( to help with cost ) . i 'd highly recommend sarah if you 're looking for a personal trainer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i joined pulse fitness 5 months ago after seeing a picture of myself from my bridal shower and realized that i needed to lose weight and get in shape . since then i have lost a lot of weight , gained muscle and just have such a better understanding of nutrition and my metabolism . the team at pulse is very knowledgeable and are always guiding me on what i can do to achieve what ever goal i have with my body and nutrition . in addition the place is super clean and the people that work out there are very nice . the place has such a positive and motivating energy that i enjoy going there . i highly recommend this gym .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is where i work out and am a member ! i have been a member for about a year now and i love it . the complex it is in is nice and peaceful and traffic in this area is never very bad . i love driving up there at night because for a second you get out of the city . the gym can get busy depending on what time of day you go , but everything in the gym is brand new and beautiful . because it is open 24 hrs a day i go at obscure times when i want to unwind and not have everyone seeing how bad at pull ups i really am ! really , i always do those when the gym is not busy as to not embarrass myself ! this gym has been affordable and i love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pulse fitness is the best decision i have ever made in my journey of trying to get into shape . i have tried out several gyms prior to signing up at pulse and none of them even compare ! the trainers are all very knowledgeable , and friendly . usually i feel out of place in a gym setting , but at pulse i have not felt anything but open arms from not only the trainers , but also the other clients . i would highly recommend the gym to anyone ! they personalize the workouts to meet your fitness goals , and i can tell you that after six weeks i can already see a difference !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy who runs the place is really nice . he 'll help you out . the environment is good and there 's a lot of equipment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wrote a review for albert 's shop way back when his shop was still at yonge & eglinton ( which was admittedly pretty hard to find ) - but i honestly have no idea where the yelp listing and review went ... anyways , i think this is my favourite vape b & m . albert is a extremely nice guy - very helpful whether you 're a beginner or cloud-chucking vape bro or anything in between . the store mascot , the dog , is present and still very cute . his new location is much bigger and his product selection , while not vast , is primo . his prices are very competitive and has cut me a ( n unprompted ) deal when i was buying a lot of items at once . his selection of juice is excellent and he was a decent sampling bar set-up . he always has a used section - so you can trade in any old parts or pick up barely used mods tanks on the cheap .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is great . you can call and always get great customer service . they 'll hold a product for you for 24hrs and even call you back when a product is back in stock . they 've also got a pretty big juice selection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was nearly out of juice and found this store on yelp - such an awesome find . the owner is very knowledgeable and gave me a ton of advise . even though i 've been vaping for over three years , i learned a ton in that one visit , it 's obvious he really cares about his customers , which has n't always been my experience . plus they have a huge juice selection ( illusions ! ! ) , and really great prices . there were a couple of customers who drive all the way from peterborough to shop there . i 'm a convert as well , will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner albert has his shop fully stocked . only place in toronto that has salt based e-juice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really ca n't say enough good thing about this place and its owner , albert . whatever you need , he has it . if he does n't have it , he 'll get it for you . anytime someone asks me about my setup , i let them know who to go and visit the juices he carries are always top-notch , and he 's always down to help you or answer questions . this is the place where someone takes the time to explain everything- from tanks , to rda 's , to mech mods etc . i leave with a clear understanding of what i 've purchased and exactly how to use it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just like everything else in vegas , you need the hookup ! i came here with a co-worker who 's a good friend of the owner . we got special made food with superb service ! i have visited many restaurants in the mediterranean , and this place is authentic ! appetizer plate is to die for", "score": "4"}
{"review": "habibbbbbb is the rudest , meanest , uglyist , guy i have ever seen as a owner of restaurant . he treats his persian customer so badly , like he is living in iran or afghanestan . he thinks persian people here do n't have any right in his restaurant . last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter . the worker are terrified of him . the food has very low quality , small portion , uncooked , but the price was so high . he charged 35 % gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay . bad experience , never go back and do n't suggested to anyone . do n't let the environment follish you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we dine out on average 4 nights a week . it can get pricey here in sin city but when we found habibs we found a gem . being of persian descent , i know what this food is supposed to taste like . just the right spices , fresh vegetables and not too much oil . one of my all time favorites is ghorm\u0119 sabzi . its a khoresht , which means a stew served over piping hot basmati rice with a smidgen of saffron . habibs ghorme sabzi is fantastic . fresh and aromatic i was impressed . the other menu items we 've tried were slightly hit and miss . habib is a sweetheart of a man . the food here is a definite solid 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unprofessional people , very bad management around here the food is below average nothing special", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't eat here , food was disgusting and service was horrible . this was the worst food i have ever had . over priced .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude and obnoxious owner server , very high prices , bad service , bad food . avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i laugh at the ignorant reviews from the fragile people whom base everything on there desired style of service . habib was straight to the point , genuine , and welcoming . this is because i allowed him to give me his style of service . the food was outstanding ! i will bring him business because it was that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is sucks ! ! ! ! the service is really bad ! ! ! do n't recommend at all . you have to wait at least 20 minutes to get your order ! quality of beef kabob is really bad is like gum when you chew it . the waiters are so impolite and really rude ! you waste your money i guarantee you . imagine for getting your bill you have to go and find somebody to come and bring your bill . managing is sucks . do n't recommend at all ... ... ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "way overpriced . i 've had some of the best middle eastern food having spent time in saudi arabia , jordan , uae and many other countries in the region . i have never been to iran , would love to , so i ca n't say that i 'm an expert in persian food ... ..however , i have eaten at persian restaurants in nyc that have floored me with their flavors and interesting recipes . it also may have been what i ordered since it was roasted chicken with a mild flavor . however , if you like the typical assortment of shish kabobs , i 'm sure you might be satisfied . i tend to draw more toward `` stuffed '' anythings ... .casseroles and stews so maybe i 'm not being fair because i did n't see much of a selection on the menu . but i probably wo n't go back again just because i thought it was way overpriced for what you get .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one star is one too many , this is by far the worst persian food ( if you can even call it that ) . upon walking in at lunch time , to a completely empty restaurant , the owner and one staff member glanced our way and went about what they where doing . once seated the owner took our orders and disappeared . we walked in at 1:30pm the food was served at 3 . ordered : cucumber yogurt was more like milky with dill and cucumber . hummus was surprisingly good . jujeh kabob ( chicken kabob ) : over cooked , chewy , drenched in lime juice and oil . sultani combo plate : koobedeh kabob was watered down , soggy and pretty flavorless . the barg kabob was so well done it could have been used as a weapon . the persian rice was very dry and tasteless . dessert ( zulbia bomiea and baklava ) was stale and covered in a cup of honey . the service was horrendous , we had to wave down the waiter several times .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food and probably the best atmosphere of any persian restaurant ! make sure you ask for the price of specials before you order as the stews were far more expensive than the kabob on the menu . approximately double the price . they bake their own bread , which was fantastic . the fesenjoon and gheimeh bademjan were delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst staff ever ! ! ! super rude ! ! ! i never even got a chance to eat here - and will never even bother . i called the restaurant to discuss my wedding catering by them and the person on the other line hang up on me after i told them what my budget was . he did not even try to work with me nor asked me any other questions , just how much are you willing to pay . money is all they care about - how sad : - (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we ordered the barley soup , beef kabob and the eggplant stew . both dishes came with rice , roasted tomato and raw onion . all dishes were completely devoid of salt . the service was awful ... they sat us down in the corner at a table in the dark . we ordered food then we proceeded to sit and wait ... and wait ... and wait some more . the table who sat down next to us a good 20 minutes after us were served their salad and meal before us . so we tried to track down a waiter or someone to ask what happened to our meal to which the waiter rudely replied it 's coming . the waiter never came back to ask if we needed anything or how our food was . we had to track another person down to get a box to pack our food . we asked for a check and were ignored for so long that i had enough time to punch out this review on my cell phone ... worst service ever ... never coming back again ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "firts place to see the resturant put the tip on a behalf of you ! ! ! ! good food , but service is not", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it ! great food , but pricey . i would have given it five stars if it were n't so expensive .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beautiful restaurant the waitress was very nice the owner is somewhat psychotic and comes and yells for no reason and made me feel very uncomfortable being here he also had a foul odor to him . definitely on the expensive side and mandatory gratuity and mandatory splitting fee", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is spotless , the decor is just amazing . persian rugs , beautiful art and marble . the food is very good . the rice and filet are amazing ! the bread is fresh baked too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved my experiences here ! on our first visit , we were seated and waited on by habib himself ! our food is consistently cooked to perfection , and is absolutely delicious . we also appreciated the photo album provided with the menu , so you can really see what you are getting . the restaurant itself is beautiful , classy , and of course , clean . the service and food are great and i 'm looking forward to going back . i also love the market at the back of the restaurant . i was more than happy to buy some of that delicious bulgarian feta cheese used on their salads , some turkish coffee , and a bunch of seasonings . it 's also worth noting that ladies get a long stemmed rose at dinner ... .nice touch ! give this place a try , you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was probably the worst restaurant experience my family and i had ever had . while the restaurant was still open , we went well before closing but the owner was very rudely rushing us to order and then ordered us to leave . we have never been treated with this disrespect at any restaurant before . please see for yourself by looking at the filtered reviews . this old man needs a serious neuropsych evaluation for his bipolar disorder .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owner is crazy . the minute my family and i walked into the restaurant and we see the owner having an argument with a lady . she was just yelling and cursing at him uncontrollably . we ignored it and figure she had a bad experience , boy were we wrong . he was rude and disrespectful the entire night . i am surprised that he is not out of business yet . save yourself and do n't go there , it will ruin your night .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if someone were to ask me what is the worst restaurant experience you have had . this would be it . every aspect i could think of was bad , the food was overpriced , but thats fine , its las vegas the portions were meager we went during the week before new years and the place was incredibly understaffed the owner was rude all in all a terrible experience . i will not be going back during my visits to lv nor recommending it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm here right now with 9 people . 3 of us are not that hungry and are going to share some meals . this guy is telling me there 's a sharing fee of 5 $ . what the . is a sharing fee ? other than that , food and service was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic value , fantastic food , fantastic atmosphere . this is hands-down the best persian cuisine in las vegas . what an enjoyable time i had today . i will definitely go back . i 've worked in restaurants for over 20 years , and i 'm kind of a foodie . habib 's persian cuisine is one of the best places i 've eaten .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night my friend from hawaii took me out for my birthday . we felt like persian , so went to habib 's . i was shocked the place was nearly empty ! the food was off the charts and habib , himself entertained us from time . we thoroughly enjoyed our evening . this is a wonderful restaurant but i fear we will loose it if folks do n't come out . ... ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is an absolute joke ! no wonder all my friends told me to not even bother . i saw a banner saying `` lunch specials '' so i called to see if they did lunch specials on ghormeh sabzi as i did not want to pay $ 20 for something i can get for half the price 10 minutes away . the owner was an absolute jerk , yelling over the phone saying all the prices are the same no matter if it 's 1 o'clock or 9 o'clock . no wonder all the persians in vegas do n't bother with this place . cheghad betarbiat !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is definitely one of the nicest persian restaurants i 've ever seen . they offer a beautiful finding area which is staffed with amicable servers . the food platters are well prepared with fresh foods . the breads melt in your mouth . the sauces delight your taste buds . the meats were perfectly seasoned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are from southern california and were visiting vegas . decided to have persian food n came across this place on yelp . we ordered the classic chicken kabab with the barg dish and really like both . the meat and the chicken were very juicy and done right . i will go there again next time i 'm back in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely delicious food ! no other words to describe it ! it 's just delicious . i would n't mind eating this food every day ! my favorite is fesenjan ! ! gormeh sabzi is also very good ! ! ! ! ! excellent restaurant ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was attending a medical conference in las vegas . after couple of days , my wife was carving for a good persian food and we decided to google and came across with habib 's persian cuisine . when we arrived to the restaurant , we were first hesitant that whether we should go there since there were only a few cars parking outside . i should say that we enjoyed the food and service very much . we had soup of the day , hammus , and barg kabab . they were all fresh tasty and high quality . we went back the second time before we left the town back to texas . i highly recommend this place and looking forward to go back to vegas and try other dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum . i am afghan and always like to try regional restaurants . i was really happy to find this place in vegas . the little market next door has great persian items . i was so excited to find candied almonds ! my favorite . we had the boorani ( eggplant with yogurt sauce ) , which was excellent . also we had the special stews . the sabzi with filet , kidney beans , and sabzi ( spinach ) was very good . the real winner was the chicken with pomegrante sauce though . it was absolutely amazing ! the nan was generic . but that chicken was just so good i would go back to vegas just to have that stuff . the service was great and the atmosphere was nice , a little fancy , but you do n't need to dress up . i loved it and will definitely go again if i 'm ever in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's so dum ducking expensive . i never go back to that fucking restaurant . in reality everything was bad . even you ca n't find a good thing in this restaurant . guys ! ! ! if you are dumb then go to this restaurant . if you 're not then forget about this restaurant .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best persian restaurant in the valley . some people do n't know great quality when they see it . the atmosphere is second to none . when the owner himself comes out and serves you directly , that 's a-1 service . each of the women in our party received a beautiful long stem rise from the owner at the completion of our meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting vegas on my son 's spring break .with all the great the restaurant in vegas i decided to go to habib.it is a wonderful restaurant delicious food good atmosphere . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love habibs ! great kabobs , amazing hummus and delicious fesenjan . we eat here regularly and have never been disappointed . and it 's always nice to end the evening with a rose for the ladies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the worst persian meal i have had in 40 years . the rice ( polloh ) was cold , as was the khouideh . weak excuse for barbari ( bread ) ; our party ended up buying institutiional packages of sangak and lavash ( breads ) at an attached food store.the service was terrible , and the owner ( habib ) was generally rude to our party of nine . i imagine part of the problem is just las vegas , but we had a reservation for 3 months and deserved much better for the high prices . i would not recommend to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place , food was true persian service was outstanding . if u like persian food i strongly suggest try this place ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! very fresh food ( which is hard to do with persian stews and rice ) and good service . really great bread appetizer too . would definitely recommend and come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go ! owner made us a veggie platter & great wine recommendations . 2nd time back & it will one of our regular", "score": "5"}
{"review": "habib 's persian cuisine , an iranian restaurant is located on 2579 s decatur andsahara . the restaurant looks elegant and impeccably clean . there was no other customers but our table . during that time we were told they moved and this is a new location that has not been advertised yet . they have a cute little persian market in the back of the restaurant . the food was okay . i want to go back and try more dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we attended the grand opening last night of habib 's new location across the street . it is a much more nicely appointed venue and very large inside . the market is actually smaller that the old location but still adequate . many dignitaries were in attendance including mayor goodman & sheriff doug gillespie . the beef kabob was terrific along with the excellent chicken kabob . add to that good rice tadig , two very flavorful khorish ( stews ) and a tasty salad shirazi . a belly dancer worked the room along with a great bevy of traditional persian music . being a huge fan of persian cuisine , i have to say every visit is at least 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is amazing and the environment is luxury . if you would like to taste the real persian cuisine . the sultani ( steak beef kabob with ground beef kabob ) is excellent choice . the salad are fresh . the staff is friendly . try tahdig with fesenjan and gheimeh as appetizer . best persian restaurant in the area . with persian music ambiance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was amazing and the service was incredible . i had the classic chicken which was delicious and also healthy . the homemade bread was fantastic . this is the best persian food in las vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing ! ! ! ! service was fabulous and the decor is so relaxing and exotic . the owner habib even gave me a long stemmed rose . my husband and i will definitely be back with some friends ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , amazing persian food , i have yet to find better in vegas . one of my favorite local spots . food is amazing , decor is cool and traditional , atmosphere is quiet and relaxing . the only reason i 'd give four stars is service can be a bit slow sometimes , but this hardly damages the experience of dining here and tasting this wonderful food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cozy upscale family owned persian restaurant , the owner does the waiter job , kind of has a cute and personal touch to it . the lamb shack was amazingly good . at the end of the meal the owner gave us 3 red rose , to cute , winning the ladies over .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samantha is awesome ! she worked with me to tailor a one day `` boot camp '' of sorts for my teenage sons ( 14 & 16 ) around healthy eating , how to grocery shop for a recipe , kitchen safety food prep safety , and cooking baking . after spending one day with samantha , both boys came away with a new confidence in the kitchen and a desire to cook ! her knowledge of food and healthy eating , coupled with her enthusiasm and love for food , made the experience for the boys a fun , memorable and educational one . i highly recommend samantha !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samantha is wonderful ! it 's hard to stay motivated on a challenge for 30 days but she was encouraging and posted recipes and ideas to keep us going . it 's amazing to read labels and discover that there is sugar in virtually everything that is processed ... .even `` healthy '' foods . you truly have to cook your own food to avoid hidden sugars and samantha makes this daunting task easier with her ideas and suggestions ! my husband and i jumped in together . we prepped our food every sunday . it became something that we looked forward to doing together . at the end of the 30 days , we have a ton more energy , less cravings ( because we are satisfied due to eating more healthy fats ) , better workouts ( we both increased our speeds on the fit tests ) , and we lost weight ! my husband lost about 17 lbs and i lost about 8 ! thanks to this challenge , we have formed habits that we will continue forever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "samantha came to our crossfit box for a 30-day challenge and was awesome ! she provided us with a ton of recipes and tricks on how to get the most from our food , better choices for a lot of the foods that i was already eating , and overall kept the whole group 's motivation really high throughout . samantha is a woman who knows her stuff very thoroughly and i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love mos ! ! i was amazed on how much my daughter learned , in there preschool program ! ! she started to read and doing addition in preschool ! ! this is our second year , and she is now in the elementary program ! ! i love how small the school is , even the other teacher know who my daughter ! ! i plan on keeping her in this wonderful school as long as i can ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "montessori of surprise is an amazing all the way around . the teachers and administrators are knowledge , engaged , and truly care about the success of each child . my daughter thrived at montessori of surprise . when she began attending , she could not even walk by the end of the first year she knew the alphabet , could count to 10 , had an impressive vocabulary , and loved going to school everyday . i can not recommend this mos enough . my husband has been an educator for nearly 20 years and he suggested we look in montessori school for our daughter , i liked the concept but love how montessori of surprise implements the concept . we recently , moved out to chicago and have had a very difficult time finding a school because mos set the bar so high . i truly can not say enough about mos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't recommend this school enough ! my girls have been attending mos for 2+ years now and they are thriving academically ! the teachers , staff and owners are all fantastic . they genuinely care for all the children and families who attend their school . i love the small private environment and always recommend it to my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has been going to mos for 3 years now and loves going to school ! ! she is now in the elementary class with children 5-8 and has learned so much from her older classmates . the teachers are so patient and kind and the kids love going to class . it 's such a positive environment and could n't be happier for my daughter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have only been here once before but it was fine . this time however i had a rude teen taking my order . not only did she laugh at me , but was not helpful . two things i ordered were out , and she merely said , `` we do n't have those , does that complete your order ? '' no suggestion for something else , like what ? ? ? no i obviously want something else ... i worked at a starbucks for four years and i def never treated someone like that . rude !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst starbucks service in the general area . the location is beyond slow inside or through the drive through . if you can avoid this location , do it . otherwise if you have ample time to sit around and wait for your coffee for 2-3 times longer that you should , this is the starbucks for you .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice and i 've been very pleased . joey took my order the first time i was there , as he was very friendly . i forget what i ordered that time , but it came out just fine . : ) visited again today , and i did n't think to look at any names , but the girl who took my order was very friendly again , and very quick with reloading my card . i ordered my go-to drink today , which is a grande dry soy cappuccino . again , i forgot to check for the name of the girl who made it , but it was among the best i have ever had . perfect foam , perfect ratio for a dry cappuccino - most baristas at other locations i 've been to have consistently messed them up , but here it was great . delicious delicious delicious ! i 'll try to get their names next time so i can give them proper credit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this location , it is clean and the staff is friendly . the drive thru is super slow so if you 're in a rush , get out of your car and walk inside . this is the main location in ahawatukee , so it is packed most of the time . not too much sitting space inside , so it 's more of a place for a quick meeting or get your coffee and go . otherwise , another one of my places for coffee !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "that is why i do n't like about that location because of slowest service . if you want to go the best fast service then just go to starbucks at fry 's food on chandler blvd and 40th street", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my second choice location when i 'm looking to fill my starbucks requirement for the day . it has a drive thru so this works for when i 'm a bit on the lazy side . the barista 's are always helpful but have spoken down about other starbucks locations and that just leaves a bad taste in my mouth ( not coffee , just put downs ) . note to starbucks - if you are listening - the piadini thingy with the spinach and feta was sooooo good , why , oh why did it leave and can it come back ? - this would get me back into this store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "who does n't enjoy their nice coffee during the day ? but sure do wish it had more clean seating inside and out . a nice hedge would be great around the sidewalk seating to provide an illussion of escape . the workers have personal conversations instead of giving eye to eye contact to you when ordering . other than that ... .it 's a corporate company ... what more do you want ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this starbucks is really clean eveyone seems to know each other and what they are going to order it 's hard to find that these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to starbucks almost everyday , either get a unsweetened iced coffee , or a vanilla latte . i wanted to try something new , and i picked the right day time to ask.. i was curious about a caramel macchiato . so i asked the barista taking my order , and could n't have been more delighted with his response ! i work at a brewery and bruce described a caramel macchiato to me like i would explain a beer to one of my guests ! ! wan na give a shout out to bruce the barista . p.s . the caramel macchiato is my new fave ! ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , clean and friendly , fast internet connection . the only thing is they do n't have that much outlets . they have 3 that i know of and they are in the corners where only one person can use it and blocking off from others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it always takes me 20 minutes to get through the drive thru , no matter if there are ten or two cars . they 've messed up my order numerous times ( including not making it decaf which is actually a problem for me ) , but i will say 50 % of the staff is nice and apologetic so just as long as i get one of them i do n't feel so upset about waiting . i 'm a loyal gold card member so i do continue to go but i 'm not pleased .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store is exactly the same as any other starbucks except there is absolutely no consistency . one day your drink will be strong , the next day weak . one day a manager will make it and the next day someone who appears about 15 years old- that comparison is literal . this starbucks is run by kids and that 's exactly what 's wrong with it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really dig this starbucks . consistently good coffee and everyone there is super-friendly . i always leave satisfied with my purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tme to boycott starbucks again ! first i boycotted because starbucks did n't offer non-dairy or non-soy milk for the green-tea latte` recently , i discoverd starbucks began offering coconut milk . happily drinking green-tea latte` until i discovered they charge 60 cents extra for the coconut milk . not only am i paying for the milk for a latte` i pay extra to have coconut milk . outrageous given the fact that the average cost of a 1 2 gallon of whole milk is $ 2.01 , and a half-gallon of 2 % milk is $ 1.92 . i do not know how much milk is used to make the green-tea latte` , however , let 's say it is 1 4 cup for a ' ( medium ) and 60 cents extra for coconut milk . effectively , i am paying the equivalent for nearly a quart of milk and this is in addition to the price to use cow 's milk . if this is n't outragous i do n't know what is . boycotting starbucks again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the coffee shop is clean , we staffed and they get the order right . one of the better starbucks that i have visited in the valley . at times the place may be crowded , but a decent clientele .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good neighborhood starbucks . i love that there is a drive thru here . it makes it so convenient to swing through on your way to run errands on a saturday . only real criticism is the drive thru line . it 's always long . but that 's just because we are all too lazy to go inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and starbucks have a thing ! i like having so many to choose from . this one has been my go to store since we moved into the neighborhood . i like that it is open until 10pm . the employees in the morning and the evening are efficient and nice . i have ordered the same drink at least once a week from this locations and not once have they messed it up ! yes i am one of those customers who likes my drink just so . i like to do mobile order , but feel dad when they are slammed . i sometimes have to wait , but i understand . this location is kept nice and cool . the misters outside are nice as well . keep up the good job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location always runs out of food ! i 'm there at 9:20 in the morning and their out of the breakfast sandwich i ordered and avocado spread . two days prior they are out of chocolate pound cake early in the afternoon . this location is very unorganized and frustrating to visit . someone is not doing their job . time to find a new coffee shop .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i go to this location in the morning pretty often . there are days where service is slow and there are days where they are on top of things . the staff is friendly . my main concern issue was the evening crew - i went to this location for the first time in the evening yesterday ( friday night ) to pick up for my friends and i . there was not even a car of front of me in the drive through . ordered a venti caramel frap , venti caramel machiatto and two cake pops ( chocolate and salted caramel ) . when i was given my total it seemed pretty low , like they missed something . so when i got to the window - sure enough the forgot the caramel frap , and mentioned they could n't `` find '' any salted caramel cake pops . smh - told them they forgot the caramel frap , they made it , all seemed good and fixed . when i took my first sip of the caramel machiatto , it tasted awful . it tastes like watered down coffee with a hint of caramel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service at this location is great but the place is undersized . there is very limited seating and limited access to power if you are trying to meet with clients for work meetings . today alone i noticed about a dozen people come in and leave without buying anything since there was no seating available .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this starbucks is just ok . they always mess up the simplest coffee drinks . they also do n't let you make multiple separate purchases with your rewards cards in drive thur . which is stupid ! people spend so much money on one transaction and you only get one damn star for that . rip offs ! i do love starbucks but it 's not the best coffee . and when my order gets messed up almost every time at this location it means this location sucks . i never see the same people here either.. i really miss my signal butte and the 60 location . oh and btw the staff here sucks in the customer service department too ! ! i would avoid this starbucks ! i usually go to the starbucks off of chandler blvd & kyrene.. it just sucks there 's no drive thur but their super friendly there and they never mess up my order . ; )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just moved to this area and i 've given this starbucks 2 weeks worth of chances , so this review is not based on just one experience . they are the closest drive-thru available , so that was the draw . the drive-thru line is usually very long , but moves at a decent pace . the problem is their drinks . i have ordered the same drink each time i go ( spiced sweet cream cold brew ) and it 's never the same . sometimes they do n't even make me the spiced one , sometimes theirs a lot of cream , or too little , and the same with spice . i am drawn to sbux in every region i visit for the expected consistency of their drinks . however , this one is severely lacking and i decided today was their last chance i no longer want to gamble my money on my morning coffee . i 'll start driving out of my way to visit other sbux that provide consistency .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite 'bux . the staff are really friendly . i have come here for a few years . it gets busy here but these guys are consistent and friendly . sometimes i place mobile orders under aliases . they put up with my shenanigans pretty well ( see picture )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great , but the taste and quality for the price are not that great at all ! i ordered an iced coffee with cream and hazelnut flavoring . the coffee tasted like cheap , burnt beans . it was extremely bitter and harsh to drink , it actually gave me heart burn . pass ... ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i get to the window they have gotten my order wrong i asked a girl to give me the order right her name is sadie she rolled her eyes at me and then laughed and acted like it s was put upon and by the way it was water she got my order wrong why is water so hard to give and it 's freaking arizona i would never come back to this one it is drive-thru so obviously it 's convenient i would rather walk into the location on 40th street and chandler because at least i met with friendly people and they do n't have a hard time giving you what you at !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go to this location often the service staff is variable . on good days a mobile order is ready however they are not attentive to waiting customers who have mobile orders and loyalty customers . if starbucks truly wants a successful loyalty program , they should ensure that the staff asks if someone has been helped in waiting areas . please ensure drinks are n't sitting for close to ten minutes . a disappointment today . on a positive note the drink was correct .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i purchased an arizer air when it first came out , bundled with a zeus torch lighter . order # 2334271 , just in case you wan na know which customer you screwed over . from day one , i had problems with the lighter , mainly that it rarely would light when the button was pushed . i emailed them about it and their only suggestion was to try turning up the gauge beneath the lighter . it did n't fix the problem , but at least the lighter sort of worked . a month later , the lighter broke completely . some kind of spring inside or something stopped working and it no longer sparks at all . i contacted torontovaporizer about it and asked how i could claim warranty on this expensive $ 40+ lighter and they never even had the courtesy to offer a replacement or warranty service or anything . pretty much beat around the bush without resolving it whack customer service and the line of zeus products suck and are cheap chinese crap . buyer beware", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service has gone done hill over years . ordered my first solo 5 years ago and was missing a pipe . i spoke with someone who sent me a replacement asap for free . now ... i have a simple button issue and they do n't even bother to read the email but offer a battery service or a new unit up-sell . i gots news for ya guys at to vape ... your not the only game in town ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i asked for smite plus and they sent me the lower cost version of the vape . i will never buy from them again . i would pay pay a little extra instead of being treated like a moron . these people act as if they invented cannabis consumption . they are arrogant and really know very little about cannabis . they are clearly in for the money . i was a great supporter of theirs , and i spent thousands of dollars with them . and what do i get for that : smugness and no offer of refund . i would have gladly bought the entire line , but this company makes the entire legitimate cannabis retail business mockery . i am ashamed to have bought so much with absolute no warning that these extreme charges . i will never purchase anything fron this companies who undermine apple . and i will encourage my friends i am sure there crooked companies . i will never buy for them again . absolutely lost my faith in large mega corps who squeeze out the little guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i began by posting a one star review . i explained my rationale rather well . however right after completing my negative review of them i got another call from the sales rep . he not only apologized for the situation he went the extra mile and made up for the deficiency . in short they recovered by contacting me and making the problem i had with them go away . that deserves top marks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are not providing good customer service anymore . if anyone 's planning to buy storz & bickel products better to keep this in mind that they are not accepting the sold products back neither for repair or exchange . ( and this is the most expensive line of vaporizers ) so i had to ship my faulty vape , overseas . im not even sure when i 'm having back my vaporizer . im very disappointed and i will not spend my money here anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how come i ca n't give no stars ? ? ? ? bad service . paid for 2 day shipping and order was processed 48 hours after placing it . certainly not 2 day shipping and online chat service just ignored me when i questioned it . will not shop here again . keep your promises folks , even if you have to work overtime !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hello all i would highly recommend this place if your looking for great products and great service . they are highly informed about their products and go the extra mile to make sure your happy with your purchase . so if your looking for a vaporizer i would highly recommend them . krista s .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service . i have ordered twice from here and the first product broke after several months . no help . refuse to help me with replacement parts for second order even after i explained the manufacturer would not respond to me . do n't expect to get help if something goes wrong and it will .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great store . i had no issues at all ! martin was very helpful ! i did it all by phone , based on the reviews looking at their website for tips . martin was able to guide me in what to buy ! very helpful ! they deliver free if you spend $ 100 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i bought a couple of bikes and a bike rack here . prices seemed reasonable and they installed the rack and set it up for us . i also took our mountain bikes here for overhauls and they did a nice job on those . the shifting on mine was a mess but they straighten that out nicely . they seem to be a felt and specialized shop so if you are looking for a different brand keep that in mind . friendly folks and good service so i would recommend them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is your reliable local shop that promotes family cycling with sales , repairs , classes and accessories . i have been going to them so long , i mistakenly thought i bought my cycle from them . they tune it at a reasonable cost , and i have come to rely on them . i rely on them so much , i bring my family 's bikes in to them : the parts my family has bought ( tubes , brakes ) from major bike chains have been substandard and the repairs did n't last . why save a dollar or two only to redo the job in 6 months ? i like their helpful and friendly attitude . they have helped me learn about how my bike parts work and i never feel intimidated going for service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by this great shop countless times `` just to ask more questions '' as i pondered the purchase of a new bike . every single time one of the staff would patiently answer - sometimes the same questions - and allow me to ride . i was never pressured to purchase . there are plenty of other bike shops around where i could have purchased but there was no place better to do so . the staff is amazing - friendly , knowledgeable and fun . today i walked out with my new bike . thanks brian and all for the great service . you know we 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best bike shop around ! they are knowledgable and honest . i just took my bike in for a tune up before the velosano . it had been sitting in garage all winter ( i know ... .bad ) . they took it in the back and came out and told me they truly did not believe it needed a tune up . they oiled it and checked everything for free . any other shop would have taken my money ... .and done a `` tune up '' regardless of the need . these guys gals are the best in town ! i will drive to solon and pass many other bike shops just to give them my business ! so great to finally see a retail establishment with class !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been looking for a bicycle and have tried several bike shops . by far the employees at solon bicycle were the most helpful and informative . i was encouraged to try several models and there is a large , mostly empty parking lot behind the store in which to do so . my husband bought a bike there a few years ago with the same experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been shopping here for years . we have bought at least 4 bikes . two for kids and 2 road bikes . every experience has been pleasurable and low pressure . the staff is very knowledgable and always helpful . the bike service is also excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a cute shop ! ! not to mention , they have a little bit of everything . we could n't resist a trip in after breakfast at the neighboring sunrise cafe . there were loads of seasonal treats to choose from . we picked up some cute rice krispie treat ghosts for a little gift . they came in a cute bag too ! i indulged in a delightful , chewy , cookie . only $ 1 . yum . they had suckers , chocolates , ice cream , cookies , cake pops and more . i would highly recommend it for a bday or hostess gift or holiday treat for your favorite bambino . stop in and splurge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cute store ! came in here because i thought there would be some cupcakes , but there was n't any : ( lots of lovely decorated treats behind the counter ! the lady who helped me said the chocolate dipped pretzels were the most popular so i picked up one ( $ 1.85 ) . i could see another person in the back with a bag of snyders pretzels dipping them in chocolate . the pretzel honestly was just ok , nothing too special . these little treats can definitely be made at home ! i might be back if i was in the area or needed a fast gift for someone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work a couple of doors down and find my self spending 40 dollars worth of sweets twice a week ... that should be enough said since i do n't really have a sweet tooth . they have a great selection that changes daily . the only complaint i have is that their turtles are so fresh that i have to peel them from the parlament paper when i get home ... hopefully i 'll live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the people that work there . they are not as good or have the selection of layers , freeds , maybe even dainty cakes but what they do , they do well . they have some top notch cookies and gourmet-esque cup cake muffins .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yum yum yum ! after eating a healthy meal at proteins and greens next store i walked by this little gem ( at least i had a healthy lunch haha ) . i decided just to go inside and take a look at what they were offering and was immediately offered a delicious sample . i tried this delicious nut cluster thing and it was just amazing . i ended up getting an oatmeal crisp and my bf got a slice of the pumpkin cake . the cake was really moist and not overly sweet and the oatmeal cookie was just perfect . i 've been back 2 more times since then and everything has been delicious . you 've got to check it out if you are in the area . oh and try the white chocolate peanut butter fudge mmmm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "willy wonka is trying to steal sweet ruby jane secrets . you owe it to yourself to see why wonaka wants there recipe 's = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you must try the honeycomb ! i 've never tried anything like it and love that my roommate introduced me to it . i went to grab a bag as a thank you for a friend yesterday and it is definitely a fun treat to share with others .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has very good chocolate treats . i love the selection of s'mores pretzels , caramels , and other chocolate goodies . most of their items come with either milk or dark chocolate . and they sell milk to wash it down with . i really like the quality of the chocolate and how helpful the employees were there . i will be back because this place rocks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really cute shop and the owners are super friendly and helpful . i thought about knocking off another star just because this place never seems to be open when i stop by . they need to be open and have better hours ! the last 5 times ( no , seriously ) , that i 've stopped by the store it has been shut down . such a bummer . the candy is good with some interesting treats . i go for the sugar free and no sugar added lower in carbs candy . it 's pretty tasty and makes a nice treat with less guilt . i also agree with some of the other reviewers , it would be nice if there were more homemade goodies , not just bagged , processed junk dipped in chocolate . i could make the same thing at home with little effort .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly service ! nice layout and presentation . we had a lil of this and that all of it was devine ! chocolate chip cookie-humungo ! soft with slightly crispy edges . brownie crinkle-also big it was sweet , chocolatey and moist . sugar free dark chocolate raisin and almond drops-surprisingly tasty ! m & m chocolate covered pretzel-yummy peanut butter cup-delicious . over all everything we had was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "peanut butter blossom cookies are awesome , as are the sugar free chocolate covered pretzels ! will be back soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . so many options ranging from baked treats to chocolates and even ice cream sandwhiches . i have been here before and got some baked goods which i do n't recall what they were but they were great . today i stopped in and got some sugar free chocolate candy which was great and i also got an ice pop made with fruit to have for later . this is a great place for when you have a sweet tooth or even a place to get sweet gifts for somebody .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cute shop ! love the whole look and vibe . they have a lot of candy and some baked goods . my son got a few different of the old school candies they had , that was after i talked him out of the starburst ... really you want starburst of all things ? i got a red velvet cake pop and some chocolate covered animal crackers . both were good . i wish i would have got some of their chocolates , so i guess that is what i will get next time . prices were good and service was friendly . we did n't see any samples or sign ups for a e-club or birthday club . will have to look harder next time or ask . we will def be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just as i was trying to stop eating sweets sweet ruby jane moves in next door ! the good news is they make a great selection of sugar free candy ! my favorite is the sugar free chocolate-covered almonds ... awesome ! they make everything fresh there and the cookies are amazing because of that . that and the owners are very nice people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great local confectioner . i love the chocolate covered peanut brittle and the chocolate covered caramel corn . i love that everything is named after family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon this place when my wife called for emergency pho from saigon 8 ( same parking lot . ) i had 10 minutes to kill and i was already going to be a victim of pho bloat so i figured i had nothing to lose . the place is charming as hell , everything is blue and appears to be hand made . we got several huge cookies which were extremely reasonably priced , some nut chocolate combos that were excellent and one exquisite red velvet cookie . red velvet cookie . it was rad . the cake pops were the only thing i 'd call mediocre . also the bell is loud enough to make you poop your pants . the confectioner who assisted me said it was because the bakery ( rear of the shop , rather large ) was loud and they had to be able to hear customers . will return . better value than expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where to start ! saw it just opened , and i love sweets ! my coworker and i walked over to check it out and tried a bunch of things , and i must say , bravo ! ill be a frequent flyer here . try their banana bread cupcakes . i only.know one person who makes baked goods this well , and thats my momma back in chicago . these guys have great service and a welcoming little store . ill be back for sure . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped in after leaving vegas for a few days of losing money and seeing good shows . ruby jane was so sweet to us and extremely helpful in explaining each of the chocolates to us . the pumpkin bread is amazing and actually everything in our box of chocolates was pretty tasty . great job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super cute little sweet shop and bonus it 's next to a starbucks because these treats go great with a coffee ! lots of choices and if you 're a chocolate lover prepare your waistline . the chocolate covered grahams were awesome and the toffee ( and maybe another ingredient ? ) brittle was great too . nothing crazy about the prices , seemed pretty fair . the guy who helped me was nice and seemed happy to have someone stop in . i have n't been back in but it 'd be a great place to grab some treats to bring to the family over the holidays !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "over priced and not great . we bought two s'mores and they were gross ... did n't even eat more than one might . $ 3.50 , what a waste !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since i was near by ... thought i 'd drop by this decorative shop full of sweetz ! : ) we bought 2 chocolate chip cookies and an oatmeal crisp . the chocolate chip cookies were a bit of a disappointment as they were a bit too cake-like spongy ( too much eggs in them ) . the chocolate chips were tasty and not overly sweet . the batter was good as well , unfortunately ... i like my cookies a bit more ... firm . i 'm not much of an oatmeal cookie kinda girl but i could n't pass up the oatmeal crisp . just as the lady behind the counter stated , it was one of their best treats and i could n't agree with more . they had an array of samples out . good for customer service , good for business . will be coming back to this great little shop . : ) starbucks next door , watch out ! tk", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the confections were very tasty , we had a dark chocolate turtle , a piece of toffee bark , and a birthday cake pop . the young girl helping us wasnt friendly though so the cuteness and welcoming feel to the store was cheapened a bit by her dulness . great candy though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here for a coworker 's birthday on a ( finally ! ) warm spring friday night . located on a part of ellsworth that 's somewhat separated from the main drag of bars , i 've probably run walked past this place multiple times before having the opportunity to visit . immediately upon entering , a small trio was playing music ( bonus points ! ) . we stopped at the counter to pick up a few bottles of wine and glasses to share before heading back to the patio , which offered ample seating even for our large group . i had asked for advice for what wine to choose , and the traminette was recommended to me , which was described as somewhere between a gew\u00fcrztraminer and a chardonnay -- it was delicious ! i was also pleasantly surprised at the price point . some of the other bottles floating around our table were delicious table reds . some folks got flatbreads to snack on , which looked wonderful ( here 's looking at you , fried-egg-on-top-of-anything ) . ca n't wait to go back throughout the rest of spring and summer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knob hall is such a great spot to relax and drink some great wine . the setting reminded me of a coffee shop ... .with table , booths and cozy nooks . the holiday decorations add to the coziness of the store . each time in you are able to try 3 free wine samples ! ! it was so great to learn a bit about the wine and vineyard as we tested out different kinds . we ended up getting a bottle of n39 which is an awesome red a bit on the drier side . it was n't a very busy night and we had a great change to talk with zach and kiley about the wines , the vineyard and the goals for the store . i can not wait to go back when there is live music and snack on some cheese and crackers while enjoying more great wine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in with a friend last week after seeing this place was open . we had been dying to try it and were so happy we did ! the wines were delicious- with a great variety of whites and reds ( plus a dry rose , which was very good ) . you get to try 3 for free- and glasses are only $ 5 ( for very high-quality wine ) . the atmosphere was inviting and romantic- perfect for a date night or a few friends hanging out . the staff were attentive and knowledgeable- and very fun to chat with ! overall , this is an amazing addition to the neighborhood and i look forward to going here regularly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic way to spend friday afternoon ! kylie and zach made us feel like old friends as we visited over tastings . my husband is just learning to appreciate vino , so at other places , some folks have been a bit condescending , due to his love for the sweeter wines ... but not here ... these folks met us right where we are , embraced our tastes , and found wines that both if us loved ! such great wines , in a super cool and comfortable venue ! ! ! cheers ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! great selection and great company . awesome wines made locally in maryland and shipped to pa . owner was super friendly and made awesome recommendations for our tasting menu . ended up with a great bottle of wine for $ 19 that we split . looking forward to coming back for live music on fridays and to enjoy the back patio in warmer weather .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved , loved , loved this place ! it 's tucked away on a side street in shadyside and you might miss it if you are n't looking for it . it 's a renovated first floor of a brick house..very comfy and cozy . the bartender had a lovely and fun personality . she described all of the wines and knew her stuff ! you are able to sample three wines for free or six wines for five dollars ( deal ! ! ) . i am more of a sweet wine person and loved their 'make me blush ' . if you are a white wine person , i recommend their 'pinot gris ' . if you come hungry , they do have a limited menu available of flat breads which looked appetizing but we did n't try this time . side note : every friday they have live bands ! ! this place is worth a stop if you are in shadyside !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brilliant place . amazing sausages ( you must try the naked pig ) , but you can also find many cuts of pork , duck breasts and legs ... even oysters ! they cut beef steaks in front of you , according to your desired thickness . and usually have a choice between corn fed and grass fed beef . there 's a freezer of goodies , and shelves of gourmet condiments . and , unbelievably , the prices are very good . a wonderful addition to our neighbourhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yikes ... ... ..the prices are out of this world , and my wallet ca n't take them . another reason to consider vegetarianism .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to sausage partners this past weekend and found it all pretty pricey but i did purchase sausages , their basic , as well as porchetta . the sausage was completely lacking..the texture was a bit too fine i think , and it completely lacked flavour . i would think that if 'sausage ' was in your name , your sausages would be superlative . the porchetta was disappointing too , too dry . if you pick up a piece , it should n't taste like paper . this place is in my hood and i 've waited so long for them to open and i do so much want them to be successful however , they must do something about the issues i 've brought up because , if you 're going to charge premium prices , your products better taste like a premium product .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was not pleased with this vet . seemed that she was unable to give advice and seemed rushed to get you out the door with no real compassion shown to our pets . we just did not click with her . we have moved on and for the better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with trox a few months ago . a co-worker of mine `` dropped '' his computer and it stopped working . he was going out of town 2 days later and needed a fast turn around . a quick google search and i called trox . after a few exchanges , describing to him the problem and him explaining what it most likely was , he arrived at my office to pick up the computer and said he would have it back later that same day ( which he did ) . unfortunately for my co-worker his while hard drive had to be replaced , but luckily for me , i found someone who did great work and someone i will totally call upon again , though i hope i never have to ! oh , yeah and his prices were completely reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my computer was in bad shape , overrun by by viruses and barely working . i reached out to trox tech based on other yelp reviews and am so happy that i did . brooks was friendly and easy to talk to . he offered to pick up the laptop and return it once he was done , which was extremely helpful . he picked the it up around noon and returned it by 6:30 pm . upon return , the computer was as good as new , with all my data saved and restored . he also offered good advice on what to us to protect against future virus attacks . i 'm so happy that i called him and although i hope that i do n't have to again , i will not hestitat to reach out to him for help . total cost was extremely reasonable . thank you brooks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are pretty awesome . they helped fix the messed up it infrastructure at the small business i work for . you need tech help , call these guys . seriously .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after hearing about troxtech 's excellent service , i gave them a call from atlanta . brooks informed me that he has been expanding his business and will definitely be able to take care of our it needs . the next day after i called , he was able to review our infrastructure and identify our network , systems , backup , and security needs . my business has been running smoothly ever since his visit , now that we can count on our systems uptime to be consistently greater than 98 % . if any issues ever arise , brooks has a response time faster than any consulting services i have used in the past . the personal care and dedication brooks has to keeping your business operations running smoothly is second-to-none . it 's hard to find an it managed services provider that you can trust will always get the job done and be there when needed . i always recommend troxtech when anyone asks me about it services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing amazing customer service ! i mistakenly broke my monitor stand ( no there were n't four screws in the back of the monitor ) and could n't figure out how to fix it . i called this trox tech and brooke 's provided amazing customer service . he told me where i can find the part and since it was such an easy fix he stated that if i needed help i can bring it by so he could fix it for free . i ended up purchasing an entire new monitor but if i have any future pc issues this company will be my go to . thanks brooke 's for your amazing service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "showed up on time , fixed the problem and charged reasonably : the trifecta !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys take care of all of our it needs and then some . they have done everything from our website to computer repair to teaching me better ways to use my iphone for business . they have always been quick and courteous , day or night . great team ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my pc to have a cd rom repaired and a wireless card installed . i ca n't be pleased more with them . very reasonable and they exceeded expectations !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing . they do house calls . they came to fix my laptop and discovered operating system shot . they replaced with refurbished high end notebook and for fraction of the cost and did n't charge me for repairs . very responsive and knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my macbook pro screen was really badly spiderweb cracked . brooks ordered the new screen , and then agreed to meet me by my house to pick up the computer . he fixed the screen in 24 hours , and then brought it back to me . the screen replacement warped some of my computer keys , and he ordered new keys to switch in due to the damage for no additional cost , and came to me to pop them into the keyboard ! great service , and just a pleasant hassle-free experience overall . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called with a dead laptop . trox picked up my computer from me near my home and in 1 day it was back in my hands working perfectly . i highly recommend this business . mark", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service , extremely knowledgable , and prompt service ! as a business owner myself my computer is my lifeline and i can 100 % count on these guys when i 'm in a jam especially last minute ! ! ! i called at 11:38am and by 12:30 a tech was at my business and within 30 mins my `` dead '' computer was `` alive '' ! ! ! thank you trox tech for always coming through ! would absolutely recommend them to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these folks are very professional and very customer service oriented . someone always answers the phone and your concerns are handled promptly . they do good work and their prices are fair . i would definitely use trox again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a totally satisfying experience with trox tech last week . my old desk top did n't fare so well after a thunderstorm and i woke up the next morning unable to connect to the internet . not a good thing since i work in my office from home . i called gateway and they referred me to a service which led me on a wild goose chase so-to-speak . after 2 days with them of trying this and that , nothing was accomplished . i looked on yelp and trox tech was the first name i found . in less than 2 hours , brooks was at my house and diagnosed the problem . he returned the next morning with the parts needed to get me back on line and working again . problem solved in less than 24 hours and at half the price that gateway 's bunch wanted to charge me . this guy is `` top notch '' and will give you good service at reasonable prices ! i highly recommend trox tech ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this team is in the customer business who just happens to do technology . i worked with chad to recover `` lost '' files on an external hard drive . the from-home pick-up was convenient and at-home drop-off made it easier for me to remember what was done and what i needed to do going forward to access the recovered files . i wo n't hesitate to call on these guys again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trox tech is the place to call for computer repair ! my laptop had a virus that made it inoperable . the first place i called took down my information but never called back . i then called trox tech and brooks not only said he could fix it , he actually came to my home to pick up the laptop ! talk about customer service ! he brought it back in just a couple of hours and it works great and is faster than it was before the virus . i highly recommend trox tech for computer repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was upset because i did not know it was appointment only , but brooks completely redeemed himself , helped me fix my computer over the phone for free and said if i had any more troubles he would give me a discount for the inconvenience . very impressed with troxx tech", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found these guys here on yelp . after a bad experience with geek squad i was searching for help with a cracked laptop screen and other computer issues . due to the cost , i did not get a new screen , but they did disable the touchscreen function so i could at least use my computer effectively . communication was clear and prompt , and they will even pick up your computer from your house ! i will definitely go back to them when it 's time to get a new computer , as they offered to help me find a new one and get set it up . seem very knowledgeable and trustworthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finding a good computer repair company is like finding a good auto mechanic ... ..once you find the good one you stick with then . trox tech is that good computer repair shop that i will be sticking ! great service , fair prices , great attitudes , who could ask for more . trox tech is here in matthews and easy to get to . no geeky squads here , just guys who know computers and networks . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called to get a quote for fixing my iphone screen . they stopped doing this , but were nice enough to tell me where to get the best price . kudos for awesome customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great find for computer repair ! chad came out today and installed a new ssd in my desktop computer . very knowledgeable , fast and efficient along with a very reasonable price . have an appointment with him next week to mount a 70 inch tv on the wall and install a wall-mounted shelf beneath along with running some wire under the house . i 'm considering using their cloud backup service and am so happy to have found this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i trust brooks with all my computer repairs . very knowledgeable , friendly and honest . look no further if you have any issues computer or it wise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys do a great job . they are always willing to help with anything . highly recommended them for any it needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very timely and courteous service . i called and they were able to see me the same day and fixed the problem within an hour . will definitely use them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trox tech fixed some water damage on my computer . the only delay came from parts they had to order , otherwise they were extremely quick and were kind enough to come to my house to drop off the computer . they went about the job very creatively and managed to fix the problems much more cheaply than originally anticipated . their pricing was more than fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience with trox - brooks quickly diagnosed the technical issues ( faulty ram ) with my laptop and fixed them on the spot for an extremely reasonable fee . brooks is very knowledgable , responsive , and easy to work with ( not always the case with it support ) . i will not hesitate to return to trox for continued support when necessary . very , very satisfied . many , many thanks , brooks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work from home , and have found my new it professionals . after a quick search , i found them well reviewed and close by . called them in a panic , and boy did they impress me . on 3 separate occasions , not only did they solve the problems that i presented them , but additional issues that i casually mentioned . also , they provided me with a new pc on the spot , which is 100 % exactly what i needed , and at a more than fair price brooks was beyond fast , amazing and professional t worked through his lunch break to make sure that my problem was resolved right away . i will never go anywhere else again , and i will def use them for my future projects problems that i run into do n't call anyone else , but trox", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had been eager to come to this restaurant for so long ! a true hidden gem ! it 's a small restaurant , service was good and fast , each meal comes with fried cabbage appetizer , soup and tea coffee . i recommend the heiken entr\u00e9e , i had the lamb shank in creole sauce : to die for ! definitely would come back to this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite restaurants in verdun . prices are on the low side ( around $ 12- $ 15 per dish , which includes soup , appetizer and coffee or tea ) . portions are generous and you have many flavors ( sauces ) to choose from . the restaurant 's ambiance is homey and friendly , not fancy at all . plus , it 's byow , which is awesome . i give them four stars because last time when i ordered to take out , the food was n't as good as in the restaurant . also , last time i went they did n't take credit cards . overall , this is a great place . must try if you like both chinese and indian flavors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the coconut shrimp as an app . was very delicious . would definitely order that again . wife and i each had the lamb shank and it was very tender and juicy . meal came with fried cabbage and soup to start . both yummy but i especially liked the fried cabbage as i 've never had it before . it was a small restaurant so service was good . did n't make us wait long in between courses .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ce petit resto de quartier existe depuis fort longtemps ( +10ans ) et a toujours su garder son authenticit\u00e9 et son charme ! menu sans pr\u00e9tention et tr\u00e8s savoureux ... on y sert poisson , volaille et viande accompagn\u00e9s d'une sauce aux choix ( cr\u00e9ole , cajun , etc ) . mon coup de coeur est sans contester le tr\u00e8s tendre jarret de veau ! la facture fera de vous un client r\u00e9gulier ... ..\u00e0 peine 50 $ pour deux en plus d'\u00eatre un apporter votre vin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was walking in the neighborhood at lunch and decided `` hey , here 's somewhere i 've never been '' . well , i wish i 'd kept walking . it was lunchtime , and the restaurant was empty , not a good sign . sat down and ordered calamar , and my friend ordered noodles with chicken . the appetizers and soup were incredible , the fried cabbage was a real treat , and the soup was spicy , homemade and satisfied absolutely . where could this go wrong ? well , the main dishes came and my calamari tasted more like old shoes , and had a horrific consistency . i sent it back . my dining mate dove into her noodles and chicken , and it had zero taste . the owner charged me full price for two meals that were inedible , and appeared to become extremely agitated . needless to say i 'd never eat there , nor would i recommend it to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "la pieuvre au cari \u00e9tait bonne et tendre ; pas du tout caoutchouteuse ! j'ai aussi aime ma petite soupe aux pois cass\u00e9s et coriandre . on n'y va pas pour la pr\u00e9sentation des plats ou le d\u00e9cor , mais plut\u00f4t une cuisine aux saveurs d\u00e9licieuses . les prix sont plus que raisonnables et c'est un apportez votre vin . on y retournera certainement !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food . not too fancy , almost like comfort food , `` grandma style '' . not too expensive and it 's a byow , which makes it even better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'ai vraiment aim\u00e9 cet resto , il est petit et on se sent comme \u00e0 la maison avec un tr\u00e8s bon service et nourriture excellente", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met dr. davey at an alumni event for washington university in st. louis . dr. davey is a graduate of the medical school , one of the finest in the country . when my primary care physician noticed some spots on my head , a possible precursor to skin cancer , i was advised to see a dermatologist . although i was given a referral from my pcp i opted instead to see dr. davey . having never been to a dermatologists office i did n't know what to expect , but was surprised by how non-medical it felt ! the office is very modern and after i received the grand tour of the facilities i can see that he has a state of the art practice which includes the ability to perform some functions usually left to 3rd party labs . dr. davey and his staff are very friendly and i would recommend dermatique to anyone looking for the services he and his office provides as well as for an overall skin wellness examination .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a patient of dr. davey 's since they opened . dr davey and his staff are so compassionate , understanding and caring , it feels like they are old friends . the office is absolutley beautiful and they always offer coffee water as soon as you get in . dr. davey makes you feel very comfortable , even when you have some embarassing procedures . he is always making me laugh ! i adore this practice and will continue to be a loyal patient . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am in medical school and i can only hope to be as talented a physician as dr. davy . his insight , knowledge and bedside manner were exceptional . he gets a a+ rating in my book .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had similar experiences to recent reviews on here . saw the doctor two or three times , his assistant was very unprofessional and rude . seems as though they went out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a physician i am picky who takes care of my family . dr davey is tops . highly recommend him to any who need a dermatologist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! as a new dermatologist in scottsdale dr. davey really impressed me with his knowledge and great advice ! dr. davey and staff did a great job with making me feel comfortable all while being very accommodating . i highly recommend you give dermatique a try . you wo n't regret it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i recently went here to have a cyst removed . what i planned as being a very uncomfortable experience turned out to be anything but . dr. davey and his staff were so welcoming and made me feel very at ease . the procedure was explained to me ahead of time and was painless and quick . no issues with insurance either as they handled it all . their facilities are state of the art and i highly recommend dermatique to anyone who needs any dermatology work done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've purchased three scanners , radios for my team , headsets , earbuds ... pretty much everything re sells . previously , i have rented from re on multiple occasions and have never had an issue . pros - quality equipment and ease to purchase . my wife 's earbuds became separated from the cord , the re folks fixed it for her at the track for free . staff at the track is always helpful and appreciative of my dedicated business with re . cons - i needed a 5-pin to mono adapter to utilize my headset with my scanner at the track when i spot . after ordering what the customer service person thought i needed , i had to return it and get another ... nope , not what i needed . staff was not very knowledgable , found what i needed in person .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if your short on funds , this is a good place to go . if your not short on funds this is a good place to go . for those that are dog enthusiasts put bhds on you list . get a dog done your way ... chili , cheese , onions and the usual condiments . suggest you get the fries , too . yum ! the can have cheese and chili on top , too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "come on , 4 hot dogs , a large french fry and two drinks for $ 10 ? ! what else can you ask for ? old school diner feel ( reminds me of coney island back home ) with steamed straight from the bag rolls , simple toppings , and shoe string fries . no fancy gourmet things here and absolutely delicious . just a note , when they ran my credit card they did n't have an entry for a tip for my waitress . so make sure you have a couple of bucks if you plan on paying with a card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have hot dogs , hamburgers , and fries ... .they do a few small things and they do them well . it 's no 5 guys but if you want a hot dog and some fresh cut fries it is worthwhile to hit the place up and grab a bite to eat . the biggest bonus to this place is they have plastic cups that will pile up in your cupboard until you eventually have to donate them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here with my coworker for a quick lunch- i got 2 hotdogs with sauerkraut on them and a cup of beef vegetable soup with a drink for less than $ 8 . the vegetable soup was fantastic ! ! homemade and tasted like it was cooked low and slow . yummmmm ! the hotdogs and sauerkraut were also very tasty . the wait was a little bit long , but it was 12:30 and for lunch i am happy to see that people are still loyal to local spots instead of the many chain restaurants fast food on noblestown road .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty average place . disappointed that they were n't casing franks . surprised a hot dog place would serve a generic hot dog . the chili was pretty flavorless and the onions were almost ground rather than chopped . the only thing that got them to three stars were the fresh cut fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . the burgers are so cheap but the quality of the meat is on par with 5 guys burgers . i feel kind of crazy saying that but it 's true . the only difference is that 5 guys offers a thicker patty and more toppings for 3x the price ... definitely recommend this place . i want to literally drive back and get another burger . they also offer hot dogs and milk shakes ... nah imma get the burger again . you ca n't that taste for $ 3 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic burgers , and the kids really dug the hot dogs . they have family meals that seem really economical . the fries with cheese were fantastic , loved the cheese & glad it was n't the cheap runny nacho stuff . we left stuffed w a family of 4 for $ 20 . i hope to be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a treat to have one of these beaver county staples right here in the city ! this is a large location and hey do offer a drive thru window . the food is always delicious here ! in an area with lots of chain places it 's refreshing to see more of a mom and pop type place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers , fresh cut fries , family owned establishment . this is a wonderful place and a great alternative to mcdonald 's . the prices are good and i love the food here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since im from new brighton ( home of hds ) i was the happiest girl alive when i heard of one in pittsburgh , since i call pgh home now . the food is amazing , absolutely amazing ! my mom said that while pregnant with me she lived off of hds so i think that 's why i 'm a little addicted : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little shop seems family owned , very nice people . food is great for a hot dog the chili dogs are where it 's at . only complaint is the weak generic ketchup , come on its pittsburgh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ummmm how have i never heard of this place until now ? literally the best thing ever . such great prices and such great food . if you leave without a milkshake then you 're insane . the chili fries were a little gross , but the burger and hot dog were on the money . this is a pittsburgh staple that you have to check out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i walked in one day , and asked if they could make a chicago-style hotdog . no one knew what we were talking about . makes sense , though . none of them were from chicago . man , are those hotdogs good ! i 'm sure they make good dogs . maybe think about hiring someone from chicago to make them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently great cooked to order burgers and fresh cut fries . clean . owners are great ; friendly truly devoted and on site . prices spot on", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being a fan of the location in rochester , i decided to give this location a try since it 's close to my work . i was ( once again ) impressed ! not only by the prices , but the quality of food . i got two burgers and fries all for less than $ 10 . both of the employees were lovely as well . the decor inside is a little old fashioned , but it gives the place that character charm . it makes you feel comfortable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure what the other reviewers are talking about . just because its cheap does n't mean it taste good . i 'd take quality over quantity any day . soggy greasy fries , watered-down cheese , and if thats chili , i 'm a playboy center fold . barely editable and not at all worth my drive from the northside and back . very very disappointed . recommendation -- -try steve 's or jr 's hot dogs on federal st northside . if they 're closed and its the weekend , either make another choice or go to original 's in oakland . right now i wish the hell i had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my kind of place . the people there are incredibly nice , the food is delicious , the coffee is hot and made to perfection , they serve breakfast and dinner and the prices are as low as i have seen ... anywhere ( including fast food joints ) . what more could you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love coming here when we visit pittsburgh . the food is very tasty for the price point . where else can you get six hotdogs , a cheeseburger , french fries , and a drink for less than $ 16 . if i were local i 'd eat lunch here a lot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow what a great find . got 2 chili and kraut dogs . the dogs where fantastic and the prices $ 1.55 each what a deal . quick friendly service . great place for quality cheap eats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dr. goth for a couple procedures , including wisdom teeth and to have a suspicious oral growth removed . only one word - fantastic ! his staff is excellent , and his art in dentistry and patient care unsurpassed . cut and dried - dr. goth was outstanding . he is the man to see in the pittsburgh area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dr. goth for my wisdom teeth removal and it was an excellent procedure ! initial consultation was short and straight-forward and they had me in for the removal less than a week later ! the surgery was way easier than anyone said the procedure would be . next to painless procedure and short recovery time ! he took care of me like a daughter and made the process one that was so smooth and easy . by day 3 , i was eating food and exercising regularly . he did such great work to ensure that i was healed perfectly by 2 weeks post surgery ! could not recommend any more highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. goth was amazing ! i had 3 wisdom teeth taken out at once and i am very happy with how the procedure went . i returned to work after 4 days . experienced pain and had difficulty eating solid food for about 6-7 days", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our first affogato here and it changed our lives . the woman helping us was happy to give us free samples and recommendations , and we walked away happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ice cream . if you want a shake , the blender is hooked up to a spin bike . ca n't decide ? get a flight of three flavors . everything is organic with milk from a local dairy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ice cream in the pittsburgh public market , a place that needs the patronage and support of all independent-owner food lovers . this place has the most clever and delicious combinations of flavors of ice cream i have ever seen . i had the rosemary brown butter . my husband had the same flavor as a milkshake . they make milkshakes using a bicycle to power the blender ! i would go back to this place any time ! flavors change on a daily basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my dog here from the time he was a small puppy and was overall impressed . until ... the day i saw one of the vets counsel a pet owner in the waiting room full of people . her dog was ill with cancer and basically the vet told her she needed to put her down that day unless she could afford to buy expensive medicines . the woman broke down crying and told the vet to at least give her a couple of hours to make the decision . it was totally insensitive and why..or why did n't she talk to her in private . the vet was rude and cold . it was right then and there that i asked for my dog 's medical records and went elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love monroe road animal hospital . i adopted a dog a few years ago and had a horrible experience with the vet i first brought her to . my dog was diagnosed with heartworms and they gave me a fair price and took extra good care of her . i think there prices are very reasonable and i love knowing that my dog is well taking care of . the staff is wonderful and very helpful . the hospital has recently updated their website and have an online pet portal where i can make appointments , check my dogs medical records , and find out when my dog is due for her shots . i also have my dog groomed here , they have a great women who is fantastic my dog loves her . if you need a place to board your pet they also have a 4,000 square foot climate controlled boarding facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday i left my pug lucy at the boarding services of monroe road animal hospital with plans to pick her up on sunday . unfortunately , due to the gross negligence of that facility i will not be picking her up there on sunday . despite my requests for her to be kept inside and not have playtime with other dogs ( she had neck back surgery about 10 months ago ) someone at monroe road animal hospital boarding not only let her outside , but left her there in the heat . the high today in charlotte , nc was 99 degrees . lucy suffered a heat stroke and is currently in icu at a local emergency veterinary clinic . no one should have been outside today . not people and not dogs - especially not brachycephalic dogs such as pugs . please keep lucy the pug in your thoughts and prayers . she needs all of the healing energy we can send her . please also pass this along so that monroe road animal hospital boarding does not risk the life of another dog . lucy deserved better - all animals do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i enjoyed working with the monroe road animal hospital folks . i 've started seeing another veterinarian because the prices at monroe road are a little high , but they are still competitive in charlotte . the staff is friendly and loving towards our animals , and they are willing to listen to the needs of pet owners . when my cat was having some urinary tract issues , they trained me to empty his bladder manually ... and when i could n't quite figure out how to do it myself , they were willing to let me bring him in . they took him in and hooked him up with a pee-massage ... and they did n't charge me . you do n't get much better service than that ! i also appreciated it that they called to check on kitty after i brought him home from some of his health crises . they genuinely cared , and i always felt like it was about my cat 's health instead of the money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently adopted a wee little kitty who , a couple of weeks after getting her , started acting weird . as any new parents would , we freaked out and called mrah , who my husband had used for veterinary care with pets in the past . they we able to work us in for an appointment that morning , and were as sweet as can be from start to finish when we brought her in . bonus is a less than 10 minute drive from home , which means that much less time for kitten to get upset about the car ride . i feel confident about placing her ongoing care in their hands as she continues to grow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a convenient location for me . i adopted a cat earlier this year and they have taken great care of him from the start . i especially like their large boarding facility that is next door to the vet building with their own staff and hours . they are very friendly and reasonably priced for boarding .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a wonderful experience this past saturday ( 1 26 13 ) after noticing one of my dog 's poor little eye was swollen almost closed . called the hospital ( my vet was closed already for the weekend ) and was able to be seen within the hour . waited about 15 minutes for the tech to get vitals on my dog , did wait a little longer than that after being seen to a room- but that was to be expected as this was an emergency and we are not regular patients here . will definitely consider them again in the future if another emergency takes place and we are unable to be seen by our regular vet . price was also a lot lower than expected- i 've had experiences in the past with emergency clinics that were way overpriced , this was a nice retreat from that . thank you monroe rd animal hospital !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no frills , affordable veterinary care . we used to go to a posh vet in dilworth where we paid posh prices . i have absolutely no complaints about monroe road animal hospital , their staff is great and the location is convenient to elizabeth and cotswold . give them a try , once you get past the less than ostentatious setting , you 'll be pleasantly surprised !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kind and caring . dr. widday is simply the best . she is direct and delivers her news with such warmth . best vet we 've ever worked with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! my cat got her little paw stuck in the fence and was hanging upside down when i found her . we were reluctant to take her to the vet because we did n't want it to cost us an arm & a leg . we thought about waiting it out , but she looked so pathetic , i could n't wait anymore . i took her to dr. marty and i 'm so glad i did ! just a few days on meds and my cat is doing great ! i feel that i got a great value for what i paid . not only is my cat out of pain , but i have piece of mind . i will be switching my puggle from the animal hospital up the street to this vet . the prices are better and the staff really cares .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , from scheduling a visit to checkout . my cat had a slight uti and the dr. did a great job telling me next steps to help my baby girl get better . the whole process took an hour from 9-10 am . they offer free coffee at the front and the waiting room as well as patient rooms are very clean . i 'm very pleased and will continue to go to this vet hospital if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prices are great , the care that goes into what they do shows ! marty davis is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. widay . i had gone through seven vets before she actually told me what was wrong with my susie . she was willing to listen and work with a specialist i found . she gave me eleven and a half years with suse that she would not have had . now she takes most excellent care of our maggie for twelve years . give her a hug for me and tell her maggie and susie sent you . my maggie just had her second knee replacement there . dr. haase is wonderful and the staff is always great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just want to say thank you so much to all the staff at monroe road animal hospital for taking such good care of my little cilla and lucy . i was a first time customer with a sick dog and needed to come in asap . they were more than happy to take us in quickly and treated us like we were long time customers . the front end staff , vet technician and doctor were so amazing . they made us all so comfortable and you can tell they genuinely care about the welfare of your animals . they are also reasonable priced and wo n't throw a bunch of things you do n't need at you . and the courtesy call the next day was top notch . i really recommend this clinic to all charlotte locals who want loving care of your precious fury babies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after going to a different animal hospital called 'animal medical hospital & 24 hour urgent care ' that was just down the road , i was charged $ 260 just for steroids and antibiotic pills for my cat 's lip ulcer which still happened to be there even after a month . finally i decided to go to this amazing veterinary clinic and was only charged $ 30 for a steroid shot and when i asked about the antibiotics i was told they were n't necessary . my cat went in for 2 appointments , both a month apart . my cat no longer had the lip ulcer and was doing fine . i ca n't thank mrs. davis and the rest of the team enough . if you 're looking for a veterinary clinic that will do all they can to make sure your pet is happy and healthy at a fair price please look into this clinic ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's time to top off the tank before heading back to la . the price on the sign showed $ 3.69 but when i get to the pump it 's $ 3.64 . sweet ! one thing about phoenix , you can drive 3-4 miles and gas prices from station to station may vary only a few cents , up to 3 or maybe 5 cents per gallon regardless of brand , it 's very consistant , unlike la . in la i 've driven a mile or two and see prices vary as much as 15 - 20 cents a gallon from one station to another ! qt has a nice decent sized store with plenty of munchies , including real food like sandwichws , salads , etc , plus beverages and other snacks . it 's always been clean inside and the staff has always been nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wowsers , another gem , i wish we had these in los angeles , sadly what we have is arco am pm 's saturating the entire state , very limited gas pumps , gas quality not really good & the convenience store portions suck . yea cheap self serve soda fountains & coffee , but very limited in selection . quik trip was a lot bigger , acres of gas pumps ( not exaggerating , it has more than the la gas stations ) , bigger better selection of snacks and drinks , coffee section was really cheap and quality was excellent . actual food , not like 7-11 or am pm hot foods that look like they been sitting all day in the hot lamp looking ripe and overcooked . clean gas station and store , friendly and helpful cashiers employees . when in arizona , we 'll definitely fill up at these particular gas stations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best convenience store around . i 'll drive past 3 circle k stores just to go to a qt . they have everything you would want in a gas station . giving 4 stars because their gas prices are usually higher than everywhere else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a frequent stop for fuel . slightly lower prices than other stations in the area . clean washrooms , a selection of donuts , fast foods , microwave and canned products , plus a variety of items needed by people whose main shopping spot is qt . easy on to grand ave and i-17 from east bound thomas . no left turn into qt when you 're west bound .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in to grab lunch on christmas eve . got a hot dog with ketchup , mustard , and relish , and ordered a plain buttered pretzel with cheese from the kiosk at the kitchen ... i love that thing ! the pretzel came with a free drink and i got a cherry limeade with crushed ice . quiktrip is great . where else can 2 people eat lunch for 6 bucks ? and it was tasty . the only area i see for improvement would be the hot dog buns . they are nothing special . a pretzel bun would be awesome ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live near this qt . the staff is always super nice and the store is always clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we used qt all the time we stopped at this one camelback 27th ave. good service but the bathrooms were the dirtiest ones i 've ever seen for qt also hotdogs machine was rolling hot dogs onto the floor that was kind of funny", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i stop at this quick trip every single day and the service is great . they 're super fast and friendly ! just be aware of your surroundings since sometimes they 're homeless people around . besides that it 's great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we moved from ca to nc and moved into providence park . the whole apartment community is beautiful . very conveniently located close to i485 . lots of shops nearby ( less than 5mins walk ) . apartment fittings were new and very clean apartment units . the staffs at the leasing office are friendly . they have some or the other events going on . diverse group of residents . this apt allows pets as well . providence spring elementary is the school zone . 10 rating , highly ranked school . very timely maintence . so far so good , we are loving it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean apartments . scheduled activities for residents a couple of times monthly . sometimes feels like a retirement community because of the large amount of elderly residents . rules are anti-family at times . so many rules and regulations here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lived here while we were having our house built . clean , efficient , great staff . nice pool and fitness center .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after the property manager posted here and said she wanted to work on a resolution and how it was a misunderstanding , my phone calls were never returned . i called three times ! also , i know she knows who i am . she could have called me directly rather than post here . today , i went to the office to give my notice and the property mgr saw me there . she came over to tell me that that there were no large garages available for our truck and that she planned to call me today . doubtful . either way , we are moving and leaving this place behind . it will be good to close this chapter in our lives and never think about this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place to go for margaritas ! so delicious and the service is great . ask for frank ! he 's absolutely amazing and do n't forget to tip him", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , really bad service . ordered food to go but the bar was so busy that i could not stand at the bar and was told that i needed too wait somewhere else . really where ? so i sat at empty table across from the bar and was yelled at . i asked were to wait and was told to go to the bar ... no one there was happy with their food from what i saw ( just my opinion ) . will definitely not recommended this place to friends .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place was easily the best part of the monte carlo resort . my wife and i enjoyed 44oz margaritas and we split the fish tacos , street tacos and steak tacos . the street and steak were really good but the fish tacos were a total mess of no flavor and mayo . our server was really good and i 'm a total sucker for a place with a bathroom attendant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when eating a meal on `` the strip '' one would assume that the service and food are above par . sadly this is not the case for diablo 's cantina . the service was lacking and there was no sense of urgency or follow up ... it took almost 20 minutes for us to even be acknowledged and we were sitting at the bar counter . when we finally found a server and asked for a menu , the response was a finger point and a mummbled `` ask the bartender , not me '' . when the food made its appearance it was bland and lacking any spice and flavor . overall i the experience at diablo 's was a let down and i will most likely never return or suggest it to visitors .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the jalape\u00f1os -rita is off the chain and the steak tacos are delicious ! beans and rice need a little work though . i grew up with authentic mexican so i 'm biased : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could give a positive review for this place but i can not . we were given instructions to wait in line before heading upstairs to a live latin band only to be told we could n't get in with our u.s drivers license . i have never been offended like this . every other location on the strip had no problems with our ids but this location ruined our night of experience just because of their `` mgm rules '' . this is a real discrimination to latin people . so i would not recommend anyone to come here . i hope management changes their `` rules '' otherwise they 're going to keep driving away good people who just want to have a good time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "diablo 's cantina is one of a kind , delicious margaritas , ufc fights coverage , dancing , and food options . right on the strip with a great view , and best of all , el diablo lives here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tell you what , pictures do lie ! that was the worst mexican food i think i ever had . i ordered a chicken nacho fajita with grilled onions and bell peppers . first off when i got my food , it was huge and packed with chips and no chicken . it was only about 3 bites . the bell peppers and onions were raw and was not cooked at all . so they took it back and cooked them for me and they were still raw . i ordered shrimp with my order as well , and i had to flag down the waiter to let him know i did n't have any on there , and that 's when he decided to tell me that that do n't carry shrimp any more . that place was horrible and i would never go back because of the food . that place just looks like its good but it 's not . look are always deceiving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a giant pile of tasty nachos , downed with modelo on the tap ? ? love it ! great spot to hang out with friends and watch the game and eat some good mexican-american food . the fully loaded quesadilla is highly recommended as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience here was disappointing . the drinks came out slow , $ 6 for chips and salsa , and our food was not only cold but tasted like it came out of a box . our server , rebecca was very nice and a very good server but the host overloaded her section which resulted in slower not as attentive service . i do n't think i would come back here unfortunately . as a local , it 's too much of a tourist attraction then a good mexican restaurant", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i must say i have to vegas many times but this is the first time i have been to this place and so glad i found it . food was great and the waitress was so nice , fun and friendly . when i arrived there with my boyfriend it was happy hour and they have this spin the a wheel in which they have different types of drinks in special for 30 mins- 1hr . it was so much fun and they have an entertainer too which makes everything better . drinks were inexpensive . when i checked in through yelp i got a free drink special in which i showed my waitress and gave me a free drink yay ! ! ! ! ! . will definitely go back again and i have noticed that at night they have bachata , salsa and merengue night that was on friday so will go back next time at night for sure . will recommend to anyone that was to have a good time during happy hour .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great , friendly staff who took good care of us on a crowded friday afternoon . decent margaritas , and my chicken tacos were very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mexican restaurants that charge for chips and salsa make this fatty sad . : ( the real tragedy is that the chips seemed to be served to rich patrons in giant margarita glasses , and that looked really fun .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a place i have to come to when i visit vegas , although i have only been for lunch brunch and happy hour . amazing tex mex food ( i 'm not a big nachos guy but these are ridiculously good ) . great margaritas and selection of draft beers . also , fun people watching with cool music always playing . if you like tex-mex you can not go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is what it is- a fun place in the strip . drinks are cold , food was hot , people are friendly . service was a little slow , manager came out on her own and took 20 % of the bill . glad we visited ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a member here for 18 years and had a set fee from that time . this mornings no i go in to find they increased my membership by double without me knowing or advising me . it is so unethical and poor business practice . i have not been in for a while and see changes but not informing clients about a raise is such poor business practice . be careful out there . watch out for slippery billing that they do n't tell you about .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's clean and not too busy except for right after work . even then you should n't have too wait for long for a machine . the staff is friendly , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it serves it 's purpose . the staff is friendly . the facilities are a bit dated ; rusty locker bottoms , torn mats and benches , worn free-weights . i do enjoy the shakes that they make . it has a little bit of an older crowd , but that 's to be expected due to the location . i enjoy working out here in the mornings because it 's close to my house . the gym is pretty open in the mornings , but it can get very busy after everyone gets off work .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this gym is exceptionally tight in space but it does have everything you need . its a clean gym if you compare it to something like premier fitness . they do have a kickboxing ( boxing ) room and upgraded treadmills . this has remained a hidden gym for me until recently .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon 10 pack for the classes . i went to nancy 's yoga class on sunday morning and angelina 's yoga class on tuesday noon hour . nancy 's class is 1.5 hours and is a relaxing yoga class . she also does breathing yoga which is kind of a weird thing if you 're not used to it . overall it 's a great way to spend a sunday morning . angelina 's class is for the lunch crowd and runs 45 minutes . easy to moderate yoga which i enjoy . both instructors are excellent . the downside is people coming in late for class are disruptive . if you 're 15 minutes late , do n't come in .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had my personal and business accounts with dsfcu for many years . i always recommended them to anyone looking for a place to bank . no more ! the last several years banking with them has become very disappointing . the staff in the branches are always very pleasant , that 's certainly not the issue . one major problem is they have closed so many locations ! i used to have 3 within a 10 mile radius , now the closest location is 14 miles away . the inconvenience is bad enough , but they can no longer seem to get their low balance alert working . i keep a spending balance in checking , then transfer funds as needed to cover my bills . their low balance alert used to work . i 've contacted them 4 times regarding this problem and each time i 've been assured the problem has been resolved . it has n't been , and i refuse to call a 5th time ! it 's time to focus my energy on finding a more convenient , more capable banking institution .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ahhh ... .desert schools . this was my first checking account , i was 16 and just got my first job ! they were a great bank , always helpful and friendly . they did n't have 24 hour customer service which i needed , i have pretty decent memories from banking with them but i wo n't return since they do n't meet all of my needs . but i definitely recommend them for opening up your first account . i also did n't like that there were few and far between locations compared to larger banks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "all my daughter wanted to do wash cash her friggin ' birthday check from her grandparents . and so you know , we tried at two desert schools branches ! yep , that was the major issue that dumbfounded these mental midgets at desert schools on a saturday morning . a lousy $ 25 dollar check . why was it so confusing ? because my daughter just turned 12 and according to these idiots at desert schools , she was n't able to cash her check because she did n't have a `` government issued id . '' what 12 year old kid has a driver 's license or state issued id ? none ! ! ! maybe i should be more understanding . i 'm sure it 's the 12 year old girls of the world who are trying to swindle financial institutions out of their hard earned money , 25 dollars at a time . desert schools , you lost another customer , but more importantly , you really should be ashamed of yourselves for treating children this way !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not happy sad 16 years being a customer now move . i agree with some here they have gotten just to be nasty at time not very caring . there was a time customer service went along with desert schools not any more . sad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "updated since they did finally give our money back . still beware .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not use , manager danielle in the call center is the most rude shady person i have ever talk to in my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unfortunately i had to go to this loser of a branch today , d t an emergency and could n't get to my credit union . again , this is `` supposed '' to be shared banking with other credit unions . now the restriction is that i can only do a deposit withdrawal whatever with a designated shared banking teller . i made the mistake of going in while she was at lunch ! ! ! but no one else could help me . this place sucks ! : - (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there is something wrong when you try and use a shared branching system and you are told that you are second rate and will have to wait for all the other customers who are members to be helped before you will be helped", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ive been standing in line for at least 30 mins . there 's only a few people in front of me in line . the tellers are so slow . this is horrible ! never coming back to this branch . one teller has only helped one lady this whole time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have financi als but ca n't get any where dsfu . only make $ 275 to many fees direct deposit done friday didf n't post till monday keep in mind thinking deposits were made nope they nfs charges so bad my next pay i wo n't get . i have notification set up on mobile site do get notified not once nothing came through only about direct deposit ... been a member for over 10 yeas and get treated like this . bad business any suggestions for a good bank", "score": "2"}
{"review": "these guys are a bunch of crooks , they make a mistake and still hold you accountable for their incompetent practices and people.if you care about your money , steer clear of desert schools .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like to make quick transactions at the atm but it will never take my money , i 've asked for months to get it fix ! but instead i get to wait in a long line . this happens at a lot of locations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service line was the worst people ive ever talked to in my life ... . worst bank i 've ever had to deal with ... i called to get business account number , simple task , after numerous attempts of having to hang up and call back , they finally gave me a number , the wrong number on purpose after we exchanged words ... . that 's got to be illegal and she needs to be fired . then she even has the nerve to freeze my account while i 'm out of town and ca n't go into a branch when they 're clearly in the wrong.. grow up and get better employees . i 'm making sure everyone knows how i feel about this credit union . i definitely would not ever bank here for anyone in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "their mobile app is the only thing i use for this company to deposit checks . now that does n't work so i have no use for this credit union . they are difficult to work with , the employees hardly know anything about finance . i had a random check put into my account from an error that ended up costing me over $ 500 . this credit union is pathetic and never bank with them . i hate to say it but wells fargo makes this place look bad . if i could give a negative star i would . useless company and a waste of my time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used the drive through atm to withdraw $ 100 . machine did not work right and i got $ 40 . i went inside and waited at least 20 minutes to meet a woman who basically accused me of lying and told me tough luck . i might get my money in a couple days . i will never return to this branch , and may look for a new bank . they need to reevaluate their customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "standard disappointment . allowing customers to balance account at the teller . 15 minutes to do a simple deposit when they have 10 people in the line", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been a long time bank of america customer , almost 15 years which is upsetting cause either i 'm old , started working too young or a combo of both . either way the people at desert schools are amazing , they actually seem to care , are personable and seem to be looking out for the customer . also there is a chuck e cheese nearby which is where a kid can be a kid , so thats a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am writing terrible review for this bank on sole purpose that it 's the worst mobile banking experience . it 's like they are stuck in to stone age with everything . in today 's times you would figure that a good mobile experience would be key . you know , because that 's the trend now a days . nope . this app is terrible . it 's a complete failure and works half the time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they randomly will update their online banking without any notice . kinda sucks when you need to know how much is in your account .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fraud alert ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i have been with desert schools for years and was notified that someone was using my atm card out of state , my atm card has been in my desk at home for the last 8 months and totally unused . i went right to my desk and there it was , never moved . i believe this was a data breach at desert schools . i went to a branch and had the card cancelled and they eventually replaced the money . the interesting thing is , when i advised the supervisor , they seemed completely indifferent . i asked for the manager to call me because he was busy at the time and he never called back . they could care less ! ! well , i 'm pulling my accounts immediately . i deal with clients everyday and have to recommend financial institutions and i will never recommend them again . desert schools could care less about your identity and theft , not to mention the neutered customer service . there motto is `` where you belong '' this could n't be more false .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been there for years , now have a $ 5.00 a month fee for having a saving account . terrible awful service . pulling my money and taking it elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't join this service . and if you decide to use their `` one on one '' training , think again . it ruined my financially . the contract is extremely one sided and literally destroyed me financially . mike ferry is the devil and does n't really care about his clients . he would stab them all if he knew he could gain 1 penny from them . it 's a lie and a hoax . do n't drink the punch . you will end up losing . that is why he makes you sign a 1year agreement . he just wants your money and does n't care about your success .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all those people that claim mike ferry is hard ass about taking your money are right . he is old school flim flam man . gets you to sign a contract and takes your blood . stay away imo .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been following mike ferry for 3 years now . got involved with the organization before i even got my license . less than a year ago joined their one on one coaching and its the best investment ever for my skills and career . the workshops are great on their terms . i attend 1-2 mfo training a quarter . been in business for two years and see the improvements . love my coach ! thank you mike for everything you bring to us . other losers can rant as much as they want about mfo , the key is to keep that exclusive group of people who will always be loyal and committed not only to mfo but also to their own success .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been following mike ferry for years.. he tells it like it is.. if you follow the system it will work . if you sign up for coaching , you have to do what your coach asks of you.. it is a learning process and it takes time . you ca n't expect to sign up for coaching and expect a miracle . especially if you are not spending a good amount of your time lead generating.. and being productive . again , follow the system , be patient , remember listen to your coach , practice your scripts , surround yourself around other mike ferry agents.. i signed up for coaching last year and its helping me stay on schedule and most importantly be held accountable for what i want to accomplish ... hope this helps ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "see russell r 's review below . how heartless ! i will never do business with a company like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i joined coaching over ten years ago ( have been an agent for 11 1 2 years ) , and it has been very worthwhile both professionally and financially . i attend 3-4 training 's a year with the mike ferry organization , and all the training 's are excellent . i am on a month to month basis regarding payment , and feel it is worth $ 1000.00 a month . my coaches have been top notch and i do believe that i would not have made it through the tougher years if it was not for this organization . mike tells it like it is , and it is hard work . as a side note , i have met some of the most incredible real estate agents through this organization . we network through mastermind groups , accountability and role play partners . i know i am a better real estate agent because of mike ferry . it has been a great experience for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my name is dan kirksey , i am a highly successful real estate agent and i owe it all to mike . thank you mike . if you want to be a millionaire realtor contact mike and do exactly what he tells you to do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best real estate coaching company hands down . if you are in real estate you should join at least one of their programs . mike tells the truth and if you listen will be a game changer in your productivity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all true professionals have coaches , and mike ferry is it when it comes to real estate life coaching . highly recommend to anyone serious about the craft of communication . start with something small to feel the power at an event and you wo n't be sorry you did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trying to think of something new for my lunch date with robert m. , i remembered they had a $ 5 burger basket at zuma 's . i had n't been there for lunch before , i typically stay away from bars when i am working.. something about a stale nighttime booze smell is not the best for daytime lunch spot.. we walked in ( yes the booze smell was there ) , we were immediately seated and ordered ice tea . to my surprise the $ 5 basket could be a burger or a chicken sandwich with your choice of 3 toppings and came with fries . i opted for the chicken with avocado , pepper jack cheese and bacon . our order came fast and our bill was under $ 8 bucks . was n't the best chicken sandwich in the world but it was worth $ 5 and i would go back again , but probably sit outside on the patio this time to avoid the smell .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was one of the many bars on mill ave. that we went to . the food and drinks were cheap , the service was okay , and it was n't that crowded so you could actually have a conversation in here . definitely worth checking out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah went here on a whim to go drinking.. about 5-6 of us . waited in line for 10 minutes and finally got to the the front of the line , of course they let in the 2 girls in the group then tell us to wait while . for the next 25 minutes they let in other `` in '' people ahead of the line while were still waiting to get in with our friends . after the fourth group of people were allowed in ahead of us and trying to talk to the dbag bouncer we left . never even got in ... later found out the place was empty inside while we were waiting outside for no reason ... this place is a complete waste of time and money.. go next door to cue club", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would choose no star if i could . a bunch of us girls from sf came to az for a bachelorette party . we came to this bar and was harassed for what the bald headed bouncer thought was a fake id . come on we 're celebrating a bachelorette ! we 're all 30+ . he held on to one of our girls id for more than half and hour telling us he was going to have the police validate . well , we suspected he never told the police , he was just trying not to let us in , because we were asian . we were very disappointed to see that all non asians were let in the bar as the bouncer hugged every girl . so we finally called the police and before we got through the bouncer got nervous and gave us our id back . in a college town , in western america we get discrimination ? ? ? they will be getting a notice from the better business bureau soon . thanks a lot for ruining our saturday night baldie . you should be ashamed of yourselves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went with some friends on a friday night.. the crowd was a great mix and everyone was really friendly , granted.. i am from atlanta , and so i did catch a little hell about my accent.. i had fun . they played a good mix of music , it was a good time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dont be fooled by the queue , its not as busy inside as it is out . a bit small but still good for dancing . i always have a good time here which i cant say about a lot of places girls here are good", "score": "4"}
{"review": "place is pretty ill. got some good brews on tap to sip on and they do make your drinks pretty strong . the only thing is it is way too packed and if your trying to chill outside its not gon na be comfortable . one of the best on mill , though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zumba is just an average bar . they have decent music and drinks but the place is just too small and gets crowded quick ! i came here for reverse happy hour a few days ago and had their wings , which were decent . if you want cheaper drinks , a little more room , and pool then i suggest cue right next door .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved the old menu , but the changes gave me a change of heart . they had the best sandwiches & it was always quiet from 5 until 8 so you could sit & eat . the new menu is okay & we liked what we got , but we would 've left if it was n't happy hour . even though the servings are big ( maybe too big ) the prices are retarded now . the buffalo chicken tenders were pretty good , but perhaps too spicy in the wrong way . i used to go & send people all the time , but without those yummy sandwiches & with the higher prices , we prolly wo n't make it back again . the servers usually are slow & fairly unattentive , but the menu was bringing us back . : ( sad to see it change that way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so this place smells like kush and 10 % of the people there were white . now neither of those are a bad thing if you like them , just giving everyone a heads up . to put everything into context , i came here on a saturday night . the strobe lights leaking out onto the street were beguiling . i was yelling at my friend , `` let 's go there let 's go there ! '' like moths to a source of light , we were taunted and pulled in . once in , we were caught on a bug strip - it was smelly , dirty , scary , and uncomfortable . we tore ourselves off and outta there . flew to rooftop pretty fast . given my metaphorical story , the dance floor was the entire place , which is a plus . but what good is a huge dance floor if you do n't feel comfortable enough to dance there . for those that like details , this place was super packed , and there was a hip hop dj .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "less than average . they have 2 things going for them . cheap drinks before 11pm . and quick , friendly bartenders . other than that , i 'd say avoid this place . you 're only going to stand in line for an hour to get inside and find out that it 's over crowded with douchers and blasting crappy top 40 ... . which could be your thing . definitely not mine .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you want to go to a busy bar in tempe , there are better options than zuma . this place is no bigger than the closet in my guest bedroom and smells like the dank socks that i forgot were in my gym bag ( probably due to the fact that the a c ca n't keep up with the occupancy and everyone is sweating like an olympic wrestler caught in a half-nelson ) . i would like to say service is slow , but it might only seem that way since i always have to battle my way up to the bar ( see closet comment ^^^ ) . all-in-all , i really do n't like this place at all and would n't recommend it to anyone . but , the female talent in here is usually pretty good , so i give it 2 and may even go back haha .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "place is too small and always crowded . pretty hard to get in if you 're a dude and not friends with the bouncer since the line is long and they let in 2 people every 15 mins . the bald headed bouncer loves his free hugs from the ladies and lets them in without checking their ids most of the time . i love their music mostly hip hop but towards the end of the night it gets so crowded that the asu dudes are ready to get into fights for stepping on each others foot !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place smells sour ... grimy . yiiccch . service was friendly and quick and happy hour appetizers are half off . however , `` no tap beers during the summer . '' say what ? ! we tried some mini chimichangas and meatball sliders . the chimis were deep-fried and the chicken center was pasty mush . the sliders had no flavor , not enough marinara , and came with a side of fries that tasted like they had been cooked in last tuesday 's oil . one of the jucier of the roided bartenders was called `` mangina '' by a drunk old man and took it really personally - that was quite amusing . bottom line , though : it 's a dirty bar , and it 's just not the type of place you 're supposed to see in the daytime .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i went to this bar at approximately midnight on a saturday night with my boyfriend . he went to the restroom and came back with a security guard who told us to go out the back door . i assumed this was because of my twerking . as we exit the door , he says this is because i apparently `` shit my pants '' . which was absolutely not true . i did not have any sort of stain on my khaki shorts that implied anything of the sort . i left before realizing what he was saying . i find this incredibly offensive because nothing of the sort was true . therefore he had to have made it up . fuck that guy and fuck this club . i will not be returning . if you treat your dancing patrons as such , i will be sure to tell friends to not return . fuck you guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you could give zero stars i would . this place is literally the worst bar i have ever been into . if you love super loud club music , no lighting , expensive drinks , and douchey frat dudes you will love this place ! you can not see anything its complete dark , the drinks are terrible , weak , and pricey . you cant talk at all because the top 40 techno remix music is way too loud , and the only people there who are bigger douchebags than the patrons are the affliction tee , tribal tattooed bartenders . with so many other great options on mill , just keep walking , this place absolutely sucks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to zuma grill for lunch , and it was awesome ! i have very high standards for green chile , since i am from new mexico , and their green chile pork stew was great . i also had their bacon cheese burger with green chile . i highly recommend eating there . in fact , i signed up for yelp specifically so i could write a review on the delicious food offered at zuma grill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like zuma and i do n't think it warrants such a negative rating . i 've been a fan of zuma since i started school at asu and i was only able to go for the food . i really enjoy their grilled cheese sandwich ( plain , i know ! ) and also they have a great appetizer that is a tomato stuffed with either tuna or chicken salad . definitely one my favorites . mainly , i like zuma because the bartenders and staff are always very nice and accommodating . i never have to wait for a drink with them and very often they are pretty giving with generously poured drinks and occasionally a free shot or two for myself and my friends . they also have a fabulous ladies night on wednesdays where they have free food and champagne for girls ( yes , it 's not fair boys complain complain complain but you guys get plenty of perks in other industries ! ) . favorite bartenders are tommy tau and mike !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zuma is a descent looking place ... pattio is a little small , but it 's a good looking place . what turned me off to zuma was the customer service . rarely get a drink and a smile . the staff just seems too cool for the customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best place to ever go on a tuesday night ! the dj is always so grimy and the beats are on point . $ 11 32 oz amf , also a huge selection for other 32 oz pitchers that are all on a huge chalk board list with all the options you can choose from . i honestly dance so hard with my squad and everyone always has such a good time . definitely recommend coming after 11:30 pm all the way until 2am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a bar , zuma has some excellent food . not the typical bar menu . we try to eat at zuma when we are in downtown tempe or before events concerts etc . the management and bar staff are very social and friendly etc . love the bottomless mimosa specials on weekends ! have not been there for the nightlife late night but i hear they pack em in ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is n't bad but is n't great ... extremely small but there drinks are affordable i think the only bar on mill that serves pitchers of amf that 's a plus ... .no room to dance tho which sucks", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here last friday night with seven of my friends . the bar was dead while other bars nearby were packed . perfect . we can come in , get good seating and spend a lot money . sadly one of our friends was turned away because his pants were too baggy . ironically , the bouncer 's pants were considerably baggier than his . the bouncer was rude . it felt very racist . way to set the tone of how your establishment is run . we went elsewhere and dropped a bunch of money . just walked past and they 're still dead . go figure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for about a month now been trying to contact about keys being lost last time i seen them in bar employees keep saying come back a different day been told this 3 times worst employees ever will not be drinking there again never had to go threw something like this just to get a yes or no answer they do n't even bother to check", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use to love this place the last few times i have been in here its been horrible . i work down the street and would go for lunch . people at work have talked about what bad service they had been getting and now i see why . last time in there there were 4 tables including ours . we sat there for an hour waiting for our food . of course pure lunch hour was over and we had to go back to work with no food . i asked to put the money back on my card and the kid could n't even figure out how to do that.. i will never go back and i do n't think any of my co workers will either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for some reason this seems to be the only pub that is always packed on any given day on mill ave.. that 's about the only reason why we always end up there if we are partying on mill ave . i gave it three stars because this place is so darn tiny and oddly shaped ( think of a wide hallway ) and yet somehow it works.. the crowd seems to be mainly asu kids partying too much with their fake ids . the crowd is like , 40 percent douchy , which is actually not too bad considering it 's mill ave . i ca n't complain about this place , i do n't love it , i do n't hate it , it 's okay but i would never go out of my way to go there . not really my scene but when you 're stumbing around mill and it is the only alive looking place on the block , i 'm bound to walk in . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for my 22nd birthday , my friends decided to give me the mill experience that i missed out on after leaving the valley for upstate ny for college . we used zuma as the starting point and worked our way up from there . zuma is pretty tiny and cramped and basically served as the pregame to follow up our first pregame ( a.k.a . power-chugging jack at home ) . we bought a fleet of capri sun pitchers with one just for me . i was definitely not feeling the zuma vibes that night and ditched the straw and poured the mix lip-first down my throat ( the first of several questionable decisions that night ) so that we could promptly move on to the next bar . this place felt divey without any of the divey charm and is sadly the only bar from that night that i can justifiably review entirely from memory . one of the few pluses though : the pitcher got the job done ! great birthday .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 3 zuma juices are the shit ! 9pm happy hour burgers are dec . this place is perfect to start a night of bar hopping on mill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you like dark crowded hallways that play music way too loud , than this is the place for you . this place is way too small for the amount of people they let in and there is no dance area but plenty of music to dance to . during the day it 's not to bad but avoid when there is line out front because it will be way too crowded and impossible to get a drink .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there to drink ... i hardly pregamed and i paid for it ... i spent roughly $ 70 on beer and liquor.. one bill of 2 beers and 3 shots was 23 ... so not horrible but geeeeez im broke . lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when my friends were talking about coming to this bar , all i heard was to try their famous drink , the zuma drink . being an out of towner , i really wanted to try a `` mill st , tempe az '' only drink . however , i 'm glad i got a sip of my friend 's zuma drink , because i opted for my grey goose pineapple regular instead . that zuma drink , to me , was a lot of watered down redbull with some store brand vodka . in their defense , my friends who are locals in tempe said the bartender made that zuma drink bad , and it 's usually better . i 'll take their word for it ... .i think . ( - ) small dance area , okay music ( + ) big bar ps my friend just told me it 's actually called zuma juice ( not drink ) and called me a butthead . whatever , it just meant that it was n't memorable ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only reason i 'm rating 1 star is because they do n't have a 0 star ! ! cause that 's what they deserve i 'm from los angeles ca . i came here for one night ! security thought they could do anything they want ! they did n't let me in cause i had a jacket on and when i let them know i was going to take my jacket off and put it in the car , the moment i came back they told me i could n't go back inside because one of the guards told me he did n't like the shoes i had on . which was red adidas ! i really think it was a racist thing . he was african american . i will never return to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for happy hour ! my husband and i went to zuma grill for happy hour . we sat outside and enjoyed our cheap eats . i loved the $ 4.99 burger basket with sweet potato fries . staff was nice and quick . i would definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired sandra for a lovely meal at our rental home in scottsdale . the food was phenomenal , the service was lovely , and the chef was fantastic . the menu was southwestern inspired , and never hit a dull moment . the quality of the food was amazing , and the effort she put into to the meal was clearly evident in the final product . she not only was easy to hire , she was on time , and fun to talk to ! her diligence around the kitchen before and after the meal was fabulous ; she even cleaned the dishes ! i would recommend her to anyone looking for a great meal in the scottsdale az area ! our menu included : passed appetizers heirloom tomato bruschetta crostini chipotle lime shrimp skewers ( so tasty ! ) followed by blt salad pork belly , arugula , ch\u00e8vre lemon vinaigrette ( this was amazing ) main four peaks beer braised beef short ribs ( food coma inducing ! ) green chili tamales , ranchero sauce dessert hot chocolate fondant ( decant , fresh and super tasty ! ) port wine reduction , fresh berries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandra is very professional and an outstanding chef and i would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a private chef . sandra was very flexible and as excited about my very unique request to `` dine in the dark '' for a special occasion as i was . she designed a delicious menu that hit our palates perfectly with little to no guidance other than a quick review of our wine rack and learning that we are `` foodies '' . if sandra had not told me that this was her first experience serving a couple who intentionally could not see and had no prior knowledge of the menu , i would have never known because she was so cognitive of the unique challenges we would be facing by not being able to see . sandra was outstanding in her planning and execution and brought everything that was needed . i am looking forward to working with sandra again in the very near future . maybe for another `` dinner in the dark '' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if it 's possible to add more stars ... i would . i was a big fan on sandra via her amazing yelp reviews and when i found out she was catering my friends house warming party i literally was filled with foodie excitement . sandra was so professional and tended to the party with ease . she made empanadas , crab cakes , chicken satay with a peanut sauce , and of course her savory guacamole . every bite was so fresh and flavorful . i was in awe of her culinary skills . i highly recommend sandra for any event . she has raised the bar for any catering service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandra is an amazing chef . the first time i experienced her food was at a wedding . it was a mexican themed wedding and her food was delicious . her guacamole is to die for ! her menu included : green chili & cheese tamales , chipotle hummus crostini , stuffed jalapenos , chorizo , pork posole , chicken enchiladas , taco station , rice , beans , and corn on a stick . there was even an assortment for vegetarians . she catered another event for my family and again it was not a disappointment . her brunch menu included : french toast , quiche , eggs benedict , and mimosas . it 's funny guacamole is n't really something that goes with breakfast brunch , but we requested it anyways and again it was sooo good . sandra is professional , friendly , and really goes out of her way to make sure everyone is comfortable and enjoying themselves . i recommend using her for any events- corporate parties , weddings , graduations , birthday parties , baby showers , etc . she will not disappoint you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted sandra to be `` chef-for-the-day '' for my girlfriend 's birthday . sandra was incredibly responsive . she worked with me to prepare an excellent all-day menu for the event . she arrived early and cooked a special breakfast for myself , my girlfriend and her two children . after breakfast , she worked to prepare lunch , dinner and desserts for the remainder of the day . she allowed the children to help her bake and decorate the cake . sandra is kind and very personable . the food was amazing ! ! ! ! ! we were stuffed all day long . we had enough food for three days . sandra helped make it a perfect day ! it is a wonderful thing when you have an idea and you find the ideal person to help you make your dream a reality . sandra is that type of person !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandra is amazing . book her . we had the most amazing 50 birthday dinner for friends . food is great and she is lovely", "score": "5"}
{"review": "girls weekend and sandra cooked us an amazing meal ! ! ! so nice to be pampered every once and a while ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! sandra is the real deal , folks ! she just prepared dinners the last two evenings for our group of twelve ladies in a rental home while we were in town for a competition . the food was scrumptious , healthy , plentiful , attractive , and reasonably priced . on top of that , sandra is delightful . do n't hesitate ! wonder if she 'd like to follow us home to the bay area ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired sandra for our annual girls night az dinner for five . her attention to detail is fantastic . she put a menu together from appetizers to dessert.. and each course was fresh , delicious , and beautifully plated . she explained each course , answered questions , and cleared the table between courses . she is professional , efficient and more importantly , a great chef ! i plan to book her for every event , small or large .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired sandra to bring in meals to a house we rented in arizona for 14 people . she did an amazing job of meeting what we wanted and finding some creative solutions for some special requests . she is easy to work with and our group ranging in age from 12-81 was wowed by the quality of food she cooked for us . truly a private chef experience where you feel taken care of with a personal touch and amazing food . we had informal drop-off mexican food one night ( delicious ) and full service dinner the next . 5 star recommendation with no reservations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the response time is terrible ! i was interested in her services for a small wedding that i 'm having and i still have n't heard from her . communication is key and she lacks it . i 'm disappointed , especially since she had such amazing reviews .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wonderful , professional experience with sandra ! ! highly recommend her and her staff . food was delicious and presentation was exquisite . when back in phoenix , i will call sandra again ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hosted a two day business retreat for 10 at a large house in phoenix and contacted chef sandra to cook . she was absolutely user-friendly . within a few hours of contact we had agreed date menu and logistics she accommodated our special request to pick up a few things we needed . cocktails and dinner will where well paced , the service and presentation delightful and the kitchen the next morning spic and span . prices were very reasonable we selected bruschetta and crabcakes , started with a pear ch\u00e8vre salad tart , halibut , and closed with berries in a cream anglaise . overall fairly light . we matched it with pinot grigio followed by a port . thank you chef sandra you were a pleasure to work with me master of your craft . foodman", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandra knows how to cook better than anyone i know and as good as some of the top restaurants i have been to . she also brings a level of professionalism to your dinner party by announcing everything she brings out . awesome experience and a great way to wow your guests !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandra is amazing . not only was her food absolutely delectable but her personality is amazing . my dad hired her for my moms birthday party and everything went swimmingly . first course was pork empanadas , which were fantastic with the perfect amount of filling . she made fresh mozzarella right in front of us ( which was the best cheese i have ever had ) putting it with tomatoes for a caprese salad with a fantastic basil pesto balsamic dressing . the main course was cornish game hen with stuffing , roasted sweet potatoes , turnips , rutabaga , and au jus . it was perfectly seasoned- melt in your mouth good . the dessert was a chocolate fondue cake topped with ice cream with a wine reductions sauce . it was a perfect amount and tasted heavenly . throughout the night her and her assistant juan made sure out drinks stayed full and our place settings clear . overall it was such an amazing experience . our guests left full and so very happy . i would recommend sandra to anyone throwing a dinner party . it was an amazing evening and my mom was thrilled !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they catered for us for a bachelor party and were absolutely amazing ! ! 20 plus people and everyone left satisfied . highly recommend for big parties for anyone in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently hired sandra to cater a private party for my 40th birthday . if i could give her more than five stars , i would ! the food was beyond amazing ! and sandra was incredibly wonderful to work with . she arrived on time , she talked to us about how she made each dish , she stopped her work to take some group photos of us , and the kitchen was immaculate when she left . did i mention the food was beyond amazing ? ? because it totally was . i would not hesitate to hire sandra for another party in the future . thanks for making my 40th a night i will never forget !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandra just spoiled us with a beautiful birthday brunch we will never forget . hands down best breakfast we 've ever had . she was so professional and a pleasure to work with . we definitely plan to recommend her to friends and family , and we will be using her again . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful is the only word i can use to describe sandra 's awesome culinary skills ! shrimp risotto with marzipan oil was out of this world ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update to previous experience : i did get a call from dr. k and he was very understanding of my frustration with my experience at his office . he assured me he had addressed the issues with the staff and used the experience as a teaching learning moment for his team . sounds great in principle , but time will tell . well it did , fast forward several months to dec. 24 , the day before christmas and we were out of meds for blue -- -guess where i turned , to dr k 's office . the office staff was awesome and very welcoming when i arrived . a++++ service and friendliness . in the end , dr k did truly care about our experience and satisfaction and more importantly he follows through to make you a part of their `` family '' . we have dr k as our vet and are very happy with how our family , animals and peoples , is `` cared '' for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough great things about dr. k and his staff ! i 've been taking our animals to him for 1.5 years and he has always treated them with the utmost attention and care . one of our kitties had a serious heart problem and was visiting dr. k up to 3 times a week . at least twice a week and on the weekends dr. k would call and check up on mister to see how he was doing . i 've been to my fair share of vets and phoenix mountain animal hospital is by far the best i 've been to ! highly recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simply the best veterinary practice we have ever been to . dr k is extremely knowledgeable and took amazing care of our dog . we are always able to get in quickly and he takes the time to explain health issues and options with you . he goes above and beyond to make sure all of your questions are answered . his staff is very caring and we always get a follow up call to check in and make sure any treatment is working well . i highly recommend this phoenix mountain animal hospital .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vet in town ! dr kanarish has been taking care of my 2 elderly golden retrievers for years . when it came time to put one of them down , which is the hardest decision ever , dr k and his staff had a way of making your worst day a little bit easier . i now have added a new puppy and the office has been fantastic with me as a new mom ! dr k is so amazing with animals and their owners , spends time explaining and giving options . i would highly recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr k and his staff are amazing ! they are all incredible with my pet for boarding and his medical needs . they have fit me in their schedule during many emergencies . their prices are very reasonable and i trust them completely when caring for my cat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my 8wk old puppy was incredibly sick ( poorly thought out craigslist buy ) but dr. k got us in right away . being my first dog i was scared & nervous but the staff here settled all my worries that first day ! we ended up having three different appts with dr. k and his fabulous staff . i am blown away by the kindness , professionalism , knowledge and follow up care we received ! everyone that works there truly cares about these animals and do a phenomenal job every visit . i ca n't thank them enough for helping nurse my sick baby back to health . such an amazing place with such caring people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so pleased with the service , they worked me into the schedule on a saturday when they closed at noon ! ! would recommend to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were visiting some friends in arizona and had our dogs with us on the drive from los angeles . our pug , louie had some discomfort in his eye , and we happened to be right near this hospital in paradise valley . dr kanarish and his staff were beyond helpful , they were knowledgable , and understood we were in somewhat of a hurry since we were on `` vacation '' . i could not have been more impressed with the facility and the staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from check in to finish this office has been fantastic . i was taken right on time and the staff was super friendly as was dr. kanarish . very professional , knowledgable , answered all my questions . definitely recommend this vet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used phoenix mountain animal hospital since dr. k established his practice at cactus & tatum . he is a very good vet , he cares a lot about my dogs , knows them without looking at the records . he is well educated having graduated from one of the best veterinary universities in the country , he knows all the latest techniques to treat my dogs ... ... and he really cares . he has a great 'bedside manner '' and really loves what he does . he even offered to take one of my dogs to his home with him when she was having some problems at age 1 with her kidney functions , after treating her , just so he could keep his eye on her as it was potentially fatal.. alas , his treatment protocol worked and she never had a problem again . i could not give a higher recommendation , and i have used several different vets in the paradise valley-scottsdale area , and he is the very best i have found", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my first dog so i have to give the disclaimer that i have no experience to compare to -- but this place is awesome . never have to wait too long , scheduling an appointment is easy , and the staff is all very friendly . at my first appointment , i was afraid of looking like a total newb but dr. k reassured me that i was doing this dog ownership thing right and gave me some great pointers . since then , he 's been awesome with our pup and very informative when we go in . glad our first experience has been a good one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location has a decent patio with lots of shade . getting out from the drive thru can be dicey because it 's almost on the corner . i love the moolatas and blizzards and the peanut parfait . the only problem is deciding what you want . they have the less popular pineapple malts . not my thang , but it 's my husband 's thang . i had a hot dog once here . it made me slightly nauseous . maybe it was n't cooked all the way ? stick to the ice cream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went through their drive through last night for a blizzard . i ordered a double reeses and butterscotch and it was delish ! there were a couple of cars ahead of me in line but they kept the line moving fast . the guy at the window was friendly and polite . they are a very efficient crew , it took maybe 30 seconds for my transaction at the window .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place a few times and it 's failed ! first of all the mini blizzards will run you $ 3.55 ... ..yes i said mini ! ! ! second there is something wrong with the ice cream or milk they 're using or they need to clean the machine . both times the blizzards have tasted like sour milk and my kids stomachs have ached afterwards . they need to get it together here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "way to close early ! granted it 's 9:55 , but posted hours say 10 pm . i nearly ran over a milk crate blocking the drive in and i was n't the only car puzzled in the parking lot .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lousy service ... ordered a blizzard with pineapple and banana and got a cup of runny ice cream with two pieces of bananas and crushed peanuts . save yourselves the trouble and go to another ice cream place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you just ca n't go wrong with a dairy queen chocolate dipped cone . i 'll confess , the special waffle cone bowl sundae with strawberry and hot fudge was pretty tempting , but ... call me a creature of habit ( go ahead , i dare ya ! )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very bad and very slow service . i opted to go somewhere else because of the service and not so friendly employees . thankfully other dqs know how to be friendly and can quickly and accurately fill customer orders", "score": "1"}
{"review": "agree with the other reviews on this food truck . i ordered their special for the day , which was a $ 9 pierogi hoagie with potato pierogies , grilled onions , sour cream and bacon . i love pierogies ( especially when paired with bacon ! ) , but was pretty disappointed with the mediocrity of the sandwich . two things in particular made the sandwich mediocore : 1 ) lack of bacon - they use bacon bits but they are so small and can barely taste in the sandwich and 2 ) bread quality - tasted like a cheap costco hoagie roll . will try a different food truck next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "`` interesting '' i ordered a chicken bacon ranch sandwich at cleveland chomp . the sandwich consisted of pulled chicken , bacon bits , cheese , supposedly ranch and was grilled ... i was expecting a piece of grilled chicken and actual bacon ... with flavor . the best part of the sandwich was the bread and cheese . it was edible but if i would have know the sandwich was going to be sooo mediocre i would have saved my $ 8 . definitely would have been better off getting a sandwich from a fast food restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "place is nice as many metros are . parking is horrible though . most spots are angled so you need to come at it from the right side . is a small lane used metro and the condos . many people need to block taken spaces which causes more traffic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great new store .clean and very friendly.i find everything i want .when i go i find everything and more . easy to get to on the ttc.you can find plenty of parking and places to sit outside if your waiting for a cab.i find it very affordable . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my to-go spot for grocery shopping ! they even sell fresh flowers , plants and some decorative items . the only thing missing is alcohol ! everything they have is low in stock to keep it fresh so feel safe when buying from here . grab what you want when you see it , because someone else will grab that fresh item within hours after you come back . whatever they have that 's been in the store for a couple days , they always put them on sale to make room for new , fresh food . that 's the one thing i love about this metro . staff is friendly & efficient . they have self-checkout too if you 're not in a rush . 5 for cleanliness , consumer friendly & nice selection of high quality & fresh food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy fresh sushi made to order . you can take it to go or sit in the pleasant dining area . some nights feature a pianist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love having this minutes from our house . i prefer it over the other higher end sushi restaurants . marcel is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good quality , though imagination and selection are at times a bit less than what you 'd like . they do a good job here and as a quick stop while shopping in a grocery store , are a great option , like 5 stars at that . but i would n't go just to have sushi there . like their rainbow the most as a person with a shellfish allergy i need to have something instead of crab or some california roll inserted into an already nice mix of salmon , tuna and yellowtail . the eel inside is a cool but simplistic touch . so yeah , check em out if you 're shopping at the metro market on cottage grove . but it 's not like you should make an appointment or something .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing and with fantastic costumer service . what a refreshing personalized experience that marcel provided for my son and i . we will absolutely be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely do go to check out the yarn on sales in the basement , but in order to keep your sanity and your love for knitting , do not talk to anyone . right the staff is very good in knitting and i am happy for all of you . if all of you can be a little less condescending i would go to romni more often . when i ask you opinion on a new project and the best yarn , i am expecting you to keep in mind that there are other people who are beginners . i am shopping at romni not only for the selection , but also for the knowledge . yes you guessed right , i am a beginner , but please be helpful and spend some extra time to explain to me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "can i do negative stars here ? the worst experience i have ever had in a store anywhere in the world . i was yelled at for having a stroller in their store . literally screamed at . there was no sign telling me not to come in , the employees watched me while i struggled to get inside with two children and then told me i would block the aisles for everyone else shopping . i was the only one in the store ... ..i highly recommend to visit knit cafe or the purple purl . their prices are just the same anyhow ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for knitters , walking into romni wools is like walking into a beautiful dream : the back room is like a warehouse of yarns of all types , loosely organised by weight . the floors are usually an almost-impassable maze of bags of yarn , and it 's easy to get lost amongst all the fibres , colours , textures , imagining all the lovely things you could create . there are swatches for practically every product , so you can see what the yarn will knit into , and many finished sweaters , mittens , and the like are for sale for those without the crafter 's touch . romni 's basement houses yarn on discount , again , an impressive selection , and another room is filled with shelves of knitting books and patterns . needles and other accessories line the wall near the entrance . if you 're looking for something , just ask . camel wool ? they 've got it . i 'm not sure any knitting store in this world can come close to romni 's splendour . i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : - romni has a huge selection of mid-priced to expensive yarn , and other knitting supplies . - some of their staff members ( specifically the older ones ) are very helpful and are willing to take the time to find exactly what you need . cons : - very limited options for inexpensive yarns . - many staff , especially the younger women that are around the cash desk , are very cold and unwelcoming . i 've gone through several transactions ( and i 'm in there quite frequently ) where the only words uttered to me were the total amount of the sale , despite `` hellos '' and `` thank yous '' on my part . i 'm pretty sure the entire sale could have been done with zero talking and a blank stare if i did n't make the effort . if i had n't already started selling products made from a specific yarn available there , i probably would n't shop at romni anymore .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great yarn store to browse and feel yarn . lloads of roving downstairs and lots of patterns and books available . very large and overwhelming at first . make sure you check the hours . i 've gone on a monday or a sunday ( in different seasons ) and they 've been closed ... which sucks when you 're coming in from scarborough just for this store . but wonderful sales people , and be prepared to walk around in a daze . also recomend taking the queen street trolley across , or take a 20 min stroll from uni osgoode", "score": "4"}
{"review": "totally overwhelming ! the store is so big and there 's so much yarn . bought some amazing stuff on sale from the basement . it is messy and crowded but that 's whatever . the really bad part is that i went there with my husband and could n't stay forever ! definitely check it out - maybe you 'll see the yarn harlot there !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the yarn selection is amazing , as several people have pointed out . the needle display , on the other hand , is like a refugee camp , huddled by the doorway so you have no room to look for the needles you need , and they are so disorganized that you wo n't be able to find the size you need anyway . buy the needles online , and buy the yarn at romni .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a bit pricey , but omg the selection they have is phenomenal . if you are an addict of the hook or needle this is the place to go . be prepared to spend gobs of cash as there is so much to get . they have a wonderful selection of books and patterns on sale . and in the basement area are some really good deals to be had . one of the best places in toronto to go to for yarn . it is possible to get into the shop in a wheelchair but because the aisles are so narrow with all the inventory on sale it would be difficult to navigate a wheelchair or even an infant stroller .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some people like service , some people like high end , some people like quantity . if you 're in the first category , this is probably not the place to start . if , however , you 're a browser like me and you love getting lost in heaps of yarn and left to yourself to contemplate the yarn gods , this is the store for you . romni wool is packed full of yarn . there are huge amounts of yarn on the top floor and yet more yarn in the basement . although they sometimes have too much yarn to fit on the shelves , it 's usually very well organized , with sock yarn in one spot , workhorse yarn in another , etc . they also sells notions ( needles , buttons , patterns , knit items ) , i always go for the yarn .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am only a beginner in the craft of all things sheepy and yarn related . so when i picked up sculptural needle felting i found it rather difficult to find a supplier close to home . after a lot of research i discovered romni and decided to pop in to see if they had the wool roving i was looking for . to my alarm , this store has a plethora of supplies . the staff were ready to help but not intrusive . and when faced with my niche craft they did their best to get me the right product suited for me needs at a reasonable price . i was very pleased at their selection , and will return in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overload of yarn matey 's ! crickey where to start with this place , i am a kid in a candy store , i get so excited when i enter this place . my body wants to go in about a zillion direcions at once and so do my eyes ... zooooom even though i ca n't knit or crotchet to save my life , well i could if i had too.. it just be a really long freaking scarf . or a freakish sweater that i would try and pon off on a friend as a gift , much to their horror.. and then guilt them out for not wearing it ! muhhhaaaa ! knitters beware you will spend money here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "romni wool does have a great selection . however , be aware that needles are final sale even when trying to return shortly after buying . there are also no exchanges allowed . i will shop elsewhere that is friendlier", "score": "1"}
{"review": "more yarn of all weights , types and materials than i 've seen almost anywhere . a bit of an emphasis on lugubrious or over-bright colours ( or is it just the fluorescent lighting ? ) , but there is an amazing selection . the staff are nice and helpful , and the place has a bargain-basement feel to it ( especially the bargain basement , where everything is 40 % off ) which is a nice change from the precious environment of some yarn shops .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have no idea why people have said that the service at romni is bad , because i found all of the staff to be very helpful ; every single one of them answered my questions cheerfully , no matter how n00b they were . the selection is huge , and even people like me who ca n't tolerate wool will have a lot of choices - merino , alpaca , yak , blends with silk , cashmere , bamboo , soy , milk protein , microfibres , etc . everything was a bit pricy - the good stuff is all somewhere between $ 10 - $ 16 - but extremely good quality and in a wide range of colours . definitely a winner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : i 've been back to romni several times since the first review and have also visited several other places . toronto is a good place to find yarn at both the entry and rarified levels . my re-evaluation of romni adds another star because every time i 've been in since that first time , the staff have been palpably more pleasant . i 'm not asking for help or anything , but i do n't feel like they wish i would get out of their hair . maybe i was in on angry staff day the first time . the basement is great . you just walk around fantasizing about your next project . i go there to see what will call out to me . and now that i know more about the world of knitting , i 'm even more impressed with the selection in the store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the yarn-store to go to in toronto if you only have time to see one . the sheer size of it is nearly overwhelming ; we 're talking hundreds upon hundreds of square feet , and that 's just the main floor . like cotton ? there 's 3 4 of a long aisle of it at the back , and then there are the other plant-fibre blends to the right at the front of the store . silk ? all sorts of things available , including some european varieties so high-end that you are n't allowed to open the packaging until after you purchase them . and so on . in the basement are two delightfully mazelike rooms full of overstock and sale-items ; if you 're after a bargain , have a look for discontinued yarns being let go for very little . even upstairs it 's sometimes very hard not to buy everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much like other posters have commented , this is not the place to come if you need help or are interested in customer service in any way . however , if you are looking for that hard to find or different yarn , book , needles or other accessories , try here . ( unless you want boyce cables , because they do n't have them . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i heart romni . every time i go to toronto i hit this place up and drop like $ 300 , then figure a way to get it all back home . it is a maze of happiness . upstairs is full price yarn , rows upon rows and stacks upon stacks of yarn . downstairs is a dungeon packed to the brim of discounted dreams . it 's amazing . i ca n't go in there with a project in mind , because not only do i not full fill my ask , i come out with a million other items . the staff is fairly good . i was overcharged for something , went back the next day and they totally sorted it out . i had limited interaction with them other than that . this place is a yarn hoarders dream land .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy yarn , batman ! this place is a knit enthusiasts dream ! i 've recently started crocheting again , and i stopped by to pick up some new hooks since it 's so close to my work . they have yarn in every colour and texture imaginable . walls and walls of yarn ! ( totally geeking out right now ! ) as you 're walking around , you ca n't help but feel inspired about your next project because of all their options . i know i 'm set to spend a small fortune here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "um wow . a bit overwhelming as i was n't expecting to find the shop . i was n't ready to really dig in but i 'll be back to do so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go-to yarn store . i never leave romni without some great find . they are constantly getting in new stock . check out the basement for some great deals . staff is very helpful . by far , the best yarn store in toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the best . the first time i went in here i was like a kid in a candy store . the main floor is filled from ceiling to floor with every yarn you can imagine . do yarns are of average price for high end yarns . the main floor also has a sectional full of just needles hooks and patterns . the real treasure of this place is the bargain basement . you can find everything from silk to tweed to organic cotton with a huge discount . since i normally i 'm shopping on a budget , i usually just stick to the bargain basement . there is an older man that is usually in the bargain basement , i think he might be the owner , who is absolutely fantastic and will find whatever you 're looking for . if you are looking for nice yarn at a decent price i highly recommend this place for the bargain-basement alone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at romni today . even as a fairly experienced , if not very skilled , knitter , i find a lot of yarn stores intimidating and cliquey . i had some really dumb questions about the project i 'm working on , and the woman who helped me was very approachable and friendly . she also gave me good advice on some equipment ( specifically , a thingy to make the skein into a ball ) . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "day trip to queen street west with my friend ... was not at all thinking of wool . i had to answer my cell for a call while my friend run off to do shopping she yelled across the street get off the phone and get you butt in this store ... wool ... omg ... ran ... walked in i started to sweat up a storm totally blown away . love it ... then to find out they are opening a store on weston and st clair ... i ca n't wait for the store to open will be my weekend outing each week . please have a great selection there too ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the `` grocery store '' of yarns and knitting supplies . a massive range of yarns in every imaginable material and weight . i go for the higher-end merino wools , silks , cashmeres , etc . love their selection of madeline tosh yarns . they also carry mirasol , malabrigo , debbie bliss , and about a zillion other brands , along with yarn of their own brand , some of which i 've tried and is very nice . good , helpful staff . they 'll do special orders for you if they can . one of the best yarn stores i know of in any city anywhere . one star off , though , because they do n't offer a winding service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am sitting here , 40 minutes so far in the restaurant , not even a glass of water . if you ca n't seat or serve your guest with reservations in something resembling a timely manner , why take reservations ? they seated us 35 minted late . half the table got to order appetizers , half did not . i am watching other folks already eat , i have n't even ordered . this sucks and i 'm hungry .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eh , the server seemed too busy to actually take care of our needs . the food was kind of dry . i ordered the steak gorgonzola and the pasta was dry . we also ordered the pappardelle pesctore . did n't look anything like the picture and was very `` fishy '' smelling . the norther tour of italy was ok too . the salad was also lacking in dressing , like it was coming out of the servers pockets ! the calamari was also bland tasting . we asked for more lemon for the calamari but did n't get it toward the end . the `` new '' italian style buffalo wings was dry . why a three , because we are loyal olive garden people ! we come here once every other month and normally we get excellent food and service . maybe it was an off day ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had planned on placing a to go order , the hostess told me to go to the bar to place the order . a woman came over did n't greet me like hi how are you etc . but she asked me if i was going to be ordering to go . i asked her if i could actually just eat at the bar and she said sure , since i knew what i wanted already i started to tell her she said ok let me get the bartender to take your order . the bartender never came over . they looked busy but it what been nice if they said i 'll be right with you or something . i let out a long sigh and still no one came over so i got up and left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there was not a lot of green in this garden ! ! we waited almost 15 minutes before our server got to us to ask us for a drink . she seemed to be nice but barely came by to check on us and got more lazy as our time there went on ! we ordered a duo appetizer ... and we were very disappointed ! the calamari seemed like it had never been in water , it was dry and cold ! the fried mozzarella was good but we only got three . for $ 10.79 the plate was tiny and completely ... not worth it ! we had ordered the unlimited pasta bowl and the pasta was great , but when i went to order a second plate our server said , `` really ? '' it was uncomfortable and unappreciated . i 'm not ashamed to say i love my food and want to get my money 's worth overall the atmosphere was okay . seemed a little more dated than other olive gardens i have been to .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i think it 's safe to say that olive garden 's food is consistent through all of their locations . consistent , but not all that great , as far as italian food goes . but it 's the premier choice for italian on a budget ! this particular location has great service ! they were more than accommodating to the picky kid at our table and quick with taking orders , bringing food and doling out refills .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "olive garden has gone downhill . this nellis blvd . location had all the wrong stuff . we entered and had a 10 minute wait so went to the bar . the bartender was short with us and did n't care . at our table our waitress was as helpful as a drive through window . nothing came to the table until the server was ready to take the order . our food was ok but there were flaws that nobody addressed . the overall experience was that nobody cared .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been to this location plenty of times , but this time around was the best service ever ! our server 's named was betsy and she was very pleasant and super attentive . this location was a 3 star but after this visit it deserves a huge 5 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warning : i found a metal piece on my shrimp scampi , i told the manager and she replaced it for me and the second time tastes horrible", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never had a bad experience here . the service is always good and the food is always delicious . the only thing knocking them down one star is how the breadstick refills are either forgotten or never come until late in the meal and how they sometimes take a while to bring the check . besides that , the service is good . place is friendly . food is good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "should have listened to the reviews ! ! my husband ordered a margarita and it was just not right . they brought another one and thou it was somewhat better it still was n't good . i ordered the never ending pasta bowl and at first i chose the whole wheat fettuccine alfredo which was extremely dry . so for the next order i tried the regular fettuccine and this time it was creamy but flavorless . my husband 's food was n't the best either . so i guess we wo n't be coming back to this one ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i just recently had a marvelous lunch at olive garden on the east side . it was splendid ! our waiter was so attentive and the meal was devine . the meat was so tender and the spices on the pasta were postively mouth tingling . just really made my day to have such a nice experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got home after picking up my order and realized they forgot my breadsticks . i even ordered extra . i called to get a refund on the extra ones and was told i would need to speak to a manager , 10 minutes holding and no one . i hung up . poor customer service . food was good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent service from everyone all the time and food was fantastic . their chocolate layered cake is to die for ! i would order it as a wedding cake , it is that good ! their calamari was not as good as it used to be , it was more strips and not as crunchy but chewy . their huge salads are great and their stuffed mushrooms were the best i have ever had . their frozen margarita is very sweet . their fried ravioli is ok and my hubby loves their salmon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this used to be one of my favorites restaurants , not anymore , the last couple of times that i visit this place the eating experience has been terrible . from poor service to mediocre food . i will defenitely will remove this place from my reaturant list . is not worth the money .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this olive garden has earned my respect and my business for life ! beth the agm will stop at nothing to make sure you are satisfied with their food and service . she must have checked in on us at least 3 times . beth is an asset to olive garden . all i can say is thank you and i will definitely be back with my family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always so good and the service is great ... i love bringing my family and friends here ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff in general , however our server rose did n't give us the proper customer service . very fake energy and stingy service . did not feel welcomed . hopefully the other location by home has decent service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "standard italian food . stopped for the $ 9.99 cucina menu . ca n't go wrong with the all you can eat salad or soup .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good ole reliable olive garden . you 're not going to get 5 star service , you 're not going to get 5 star food . what you will get is some pretty darn good italian food at a reasonable cost , especially if you go there during their all you can eat soup and salad or the never ending pasta bowl . the olive garden has become one of those places where you know the food is going to be good everytime you go . they do n't move their menu around every 6 months like alot of places do . they offer consistency over variety . that 's not to say the food is boring , quite the opposite . the olive garden has found a niche that works for them and i for one appreciate it . on occasion they will bring some new dishes from their culinary school that might be worth a try . they also do the same thing with their seasonal desserts . which reminds me , if you have n't tried the pumpkin cheesecake ye , wtf are you waiting for . that thing is delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's olive garden . i love the salad i get it with italian dressing and ranch on the side and mix it together , then dip my bread sticks in it . i drink the peach iced tea and both moscatos red or white both delish . i do not venture into the new items on the menu other than drinks because i was disappointed twice to many . so i just get what 's on the og menu . oh and yes service is great here , even on the east side .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have n't been to an olive garden in years and now i remember why ... .i ordered a cocktail that took almost 15 to receive and upon receiving it , it was the wrong drink and my friend who ordered the soup was told that , sorry it did n't look very good , that it was the bottom of the barrel ... seriously , who says that ? the salad was drowning in their dressing , the chicken and vegetables were swimming in sauce ... it was horrible , save yourself a few bucks and eat fast food !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "erick the manager checked in on us to see how our dining experience was , and we had only amazing things to say about the food , the stellar server john , and the amazing atmosphere this olive garden location has . truly , a cut above the rest . hands down my all time favorite place to go for any occasion here in fabulous las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have eaten here on and off for 20+ years and it has always been perfectly fine . ( used to eat at arthur ave. , in the bronx & chambersburg in trenton nj so i know italian food ) . this latest visit was outstanding because of our waiter , martell . he was great , informative , funny , and his extra little touches made us feel as if we were in a fine dining spot . many thanks martell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast service and always busy . the quality of the food is great . i tried a few olive gardens in town this one is by far the best . the soups taste great and warm breadsticks always . love the staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just ordered take out . wife had chicken parisians , i had the tuscan sirloin . everything was great except they never gave me garlic mashed potatoes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "manager was a dick ! he treated the waitress like shit ! she was busting ass doing her best and he was just kicking her when she was down . best waitress ever so sweet and understanding and she was super cute . shout out to maria serving table 93 . you 're my girl ! hope you make it through the night ok .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "olive garden oh how i love you olive garden ! i came to this particular location last week during my lunch break and they were extremely packed ! my company was holding training on the side of town hence them being out of control busy but i have to applaud them for getting my table of 4 sat within 5 minutes ! the server we had was extremely professional and courteous to the time frame we were working with ! the lunch specials of $ 11.99 are the best bet because that unlimited soup salad and breadsticks is unbeatable ! i really hate going back to work full off heavy food and this place sure enough did the trick ! i think it was awesome to see the restaurant manager going from table to table asking how everyone 's dining experience was going ! that goes such a long way in my book ! i will actually be dining here a few more times while i 'm in training on this side of town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was so fresh and hot , it was so yummy . i order a margarita while waiting for the food at the bar and was n't able to take it in a togo cup before leaving . i tried to finish it but it was too much so i had to leave it behind . but other than that the service was great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in here for the buy one take one deal.. kids ordered spaghetti and alfredo..our waitress was n't very attentive to our needs , she did n't even bother asking what my kids wanted as the take home meal , usually we get to choose but , she assumed the kids wanted the same pasta . also was n't aware that they charge for extra dipping sauce , i brought this issue up with chris casper and all he says to me is `` nothing is free '' lol..very professional as far a i know salad & breadsticks are free with your order .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here every so often for lunch because my work is close . every time i am here we are greeted by the friendly hostesses that open the door and help us right away . we get seated right away and the service is always great . they work in teams and it seems like we always get what we want . the unlimited soup , salad , and bread sticks are always there until we are stuffed and can not move anymore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here many times and staff and food always great . the seafood alfredo is delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have eaten here quite a few times . the times that we are lucky to have martel as our server we feel the service is exceptionally high . the food has always been great . everyone could take a lesson in customer service from his outstanding personal skills !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great ! called same day for catering and they did amazing ! great price , tons of food and the staff was very helpful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible service since the beginning we were seated . get rushed by our waitress asking if we 'd like a sample . we say no thank you and she walks away . did n't see her again for about 25 minutes . no drinks no name nothing ! comes back and takes order . still no name . get order about 45 minutes afterwards . my child is still without his food . we get it 15 min after we asked 3 times . they bring only one side and we ordered two . 15 min after they bring food out , they then bring the second side . i was told a manager would come over to speak with us but none came . this was the absolute worst experience ever at any restaurant . the best part is , the waitress still never introduced who she was . our waitress was ana . i saw her name tag . if you have her , ask for another server !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dont know why this place gets such a bad rap . mind you i have been one of those people to snicker at this place . however the food was good . we had the new breadstick sandwiches and they great . it incuded soup or salad . that was good . i was very happy it was a nice lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so far worse service got there needed table for 2 . asked to wait then a group of 5 a few minutes later and sat them first i could n't understand my waiter bad english ... . soup was the worst all i had was broth in my zuppa toscana . so disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family and i had gone to this location for a nice fathers day lunch . right away they were backed up , which was understanding . our server sat us to our table , and right away it started to be bad service . it was n't the fact that they were busy , it was just that the server was very forgetful . she had forgotten to bring out my cousins alfredo . after the fact they had brought everyone else 's food . then we had to wait another 20 minutes for his food to arrive . during this moment we had to ask our server multiple times for our refills . she would come back with nothing and ask if we needed anything . which we would say yes we asked for our refills 10 minutes ago . while they brought out our appetizers , 3 of our plates came out disgusting and dirty . we had to then wait for new plates for 10 another 10 minutes . regardless if it was a holiday or not i would recommend everyone to go to a different location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "olive garden is definitely one of my favorite restaurants , but i 've recently experienced poor service . i convinced my cousin to go out and eat with me , so we went in the afternoon . the waiter was being quite rude , i 'm not sure if it was because if we looked young , but she was giving us attitude and even spilled some of our drink . she would go around to other tables often , but take a long time to come around to ours , so it took a while for her to take our order . my experience was n't so great this time , but as a restaurant , it is overall one of my favorites , and the workers are usually super nice . it just sucked having a rude waiter after a long day at work , and after convincing my cousin to come out with me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eh ... i ordered a steak dish with cheese raviolis . it is one of their limited time menu items . the steak pieces were little medallions and they were suppose to come out medium but they were definitely well done ... no pink at all . my sister had the steak skewers and hers were just as well done also ordered medium . the salad was good as usual and service was decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service my server was thomas amazing attention 100 % recommendable it was a pleasure was there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could describe this place in one word it would be meh . i was was very disappointed not coming here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "from all the olieve garden restaurant i have ever went to . this is the one and only olieve garden that i love ( only this north nellis area ) simply because , the manager is super super nice , the workers are so friendly , everytime i come here , they know exactly want i want , i dont even ask for it . i never had any problem . i come here over and over again . you guys are fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the specials are ongoing and the food is to die for . the waitstaff is very attentive . they are quick to exchange orders if the food does not meet up with our tastes . not their fault . i was not aware how spicy it would be and could not eat it . they were very understanding . i do n't go on holidays or during busy hours so the wait if any has never been more than 10 min .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like eating here since its the nearest and most decent semi formal restaurant from our home . they have a new menu which seemed interesting although i ended up ordering 2 appetizers instead ! the flatbread should 've had more flavor , it did n't taste like much at all . besides that , service was n't all that great either ; she kept forgetting things and not checking up on us in a timely manner . maybe out next visit will be better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lunch time service and food is awesome . dinner was ok when we were here a week ago . this time we came for lunch . the food was amazing , the service was so friendly . we told them about our last visit and we had dessert tasting and one was warm and she took it off our bill . the portions are smaller at lunch but you can upgrade if you tell them . i 'm only coming here now for lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a fan of the breadsticks and salad . the gluten free menu as far as my gluten free friend was concerned felt it only rated a 3 for choices . there are @ least 6 dishes to choose from but they only came with penne pasta . she felt there needed to be more choices of gluten pasta to choose from .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i want to update my reviews since last oct my 21 bday i decided to dine with olive garden with no other than joanalee ! i 'm telling you guys her service is incredible she is so humble , nice , and accurate . she really cares about what you want and need . i 've been to plenty of places and waiters can be crap . my 21 bday was coming up and i wanted to celebrate with my family at this location only . the closest one is on sunset it you definitely wo n't have the same experience as this location . the food was fantastic and the service was fine dining plus . thank you olive garden for another memory to cherish and thank you joanalee for making my bday something to remember . you 're truly the definition of a customer service pro", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so had a bad experience tonight with one of my favorite places ! ! called in as i do all the time to place n order , it was close to closing , , however ladie takes my order , i drive over there make it by 9:59 ladie locks doors as im walking to open them and sais sorry were closed , i proceeded to let her know i just placed a phone order and ladie knew i was gon na make it right at the clock , never told me no , why even let me order ? n take the time to drive all the way to just tell me to leave , manager erik , had zero politeness . was really cocky , no way to treat your customers ! when theres a dispute , and a customer just wants to give you business as a manager you figure a way to please your customer , collect his money for your company , can you tell i wanted my meal ; ) )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i frequent this location quite often but today i simply called for the hours of the pronto lunch special . the young lady who answered the phone did n't seem to know anything about where she works . i asked the question in maybe 5 different ways and she did n't know , said `` i think '' after every statement and `` i 'm not sure '' was her final answer . do n't count on me returning as a customer again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was very highly dissatisfied with this location . our server was absent most of our time here and when he was around he ignored our table completely . the food however was really good , but the pasta was way over cooked and dried out . service needs improvement big time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are looking for good old fashioned customer care , this is the place to go . my son lost his glasses and we needed to get new ones asap . i called several places and explained our dilemma and i was told one to two weeks ! then the wonderful bev at optic gallery answered the phone ! she assured me if my son had a standard prescription she would get him glasses by the end of the day ! we scheduled our appointment for immediately after school , my son had an exam with the doctor and bev did her magic and now his glasses are being made to be picked up by six ! they were not only able to get him glasses but did so in time for me to get my youngest daughter to swim class on time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't believe how great this place is with one of the best staffs you can work with - dr. presley - bev - cori - kimber - paige , are so great and really care for their customers . i love the fact everything is digital and the technology here is awesome . i would recommend this place to anyone . on top of everything else the have great options on lenses ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office is amazing ! ! ! i came in when they had just first opened their doors and man they did such an amazing job ! took care of everything with my insurance and had me in n out pretty fast ( i came on my lunch break ) . very efficent and i will always come back here ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone at optic gallery aliante were very nice and attentive . my kids were a little nervous at first but became comfortable as the appointment went on because of the great assistants and doctor . the office is modern with high tech stuff . definitely would continue coming back and would definitely recommend to friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pressley was very professional and caring to my personal eye needs ! she has a beautiful office and great staff . all were very welcoming and helpful through the whole process ! definitely worth the drive ! ! once you come here you will have no desire to look for another eye dr.. : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pressley is a talented and knowledgeable professional who makes you feel at home . the staff was friendly and the office was welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff all made me feel very comfortable and relaxed as i got my eye exam . i had never had one and i knew i needed glasses . they were patient and helped me pick out glasses that fit my face well . i would recommend them to anyone . i maybe waited 2 minutes in the waiting room before going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and staff very friendly people ! ! ! jessica and bev helped me pick out my glasses and i am very happy with them . thank you very much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pressley and the staff at the aliante optic gallery are the absolute best ! ! quick friendly , knowledgeable , & they all have such great personalities , especially dr. pressley ! she was able to prescribe an even better brand of contacts than what i already have and i love them ! they are amazing , so if you need an exam they are who i recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service doctor pressley is awesome ! very friendly and honest . her staff number and mikey were a great help and very patient when i picked out my new frames today . they were helpful with my insurance coverage and helped me get the best deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pressley has replaced a few of her staff members since our visit last year . once you walk in , no matter how busy , someone always makes sure to greet us and check us in . the wait time has also drastically decreased since last year . wait time is very brief , even when they 're very busy . i 'm so glad about all the changes dr. pressley has made in her practice . it has changed everything in such a positive way . no matter how great the doctor is , unfortunately , the staff can always make or break an office . now , her staff has definitely helped improve the flow and atmosphere . we 're so glad about these changes because we love dr. pressley . she 's always so full of energy , warm and friendly , and very professional and knowledgeable . you can just tell she loves what she does ! i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always pleasant they are great with kids they also have a great selection of glasses.dr . presley is great she has a lot of patience with children", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone in this clinic was exceedingly friendly and helpful ! everything from setting up my appointment to talking to the optician about glasses was easy . they got me in exactly at my appointment time . not a minute sooner or later . they explained every test before preforming it . when dr. pressley saw me , she updated my chart with the screen facing me , and explained everything she was doing very thoroughly . i could n't believe how every staff member made it a point to ensure that i felt like a priority . even when i told the optician that i would have to shop around for glasses since they were n't covered by my insurance , he gave me straight-forward price quotes for several options to take with me , and reassured me that the prices would n't change after i left . wonderful experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. hilaire pressley is professional , fun , kind , smart and actually spends time to listen to your concerns and needs . i have taken her and my children to her for 3 years now and plan on continuing with her as our family 's optometrist . she is able to ease my 10 year old 's over worrying with her calm demeanor . i would , without any reservations , recommend dr . pressley ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. pressley is awesome . i see her and so do my step-kids and they love her too . the office is really clean and bright and staff is nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cori was awesome and very accommodating . thank you for your top notch service ! ! ! we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "martika has done my hair for the last 20 years every six weeks . she has been with me through all my style changes and keeps the bulk out of my hair . i decided to try the permanent make up on my eyebrows five years ago and i recently came back for a touch up . she is a true professional and an expert in both hair and permanent makeup ! you 'll be glad you trusted martika !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "martika has been my stylist for just over 20 years ! i have followed her to a few salons during that time because she is talented , friendly , and makes you feel like family . she truly does a great job with my hair . i wholeheartedly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "martika is the best at what she does ! i have been going to her for over 15 years and i absolutely love what she does to my hair ! i would n't ever think about going to anyone else . she does my whole family 's hair plus my extended family 's hair . she is not only compassionate about what she does but it 's her drive that sets her apart . she is absolutely fabulous and continues to strive for success . i feel she is kind and compassionate at the same time . i highly recommend her to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "martika loves what she does and it shows . she 's great at what she does and that 's why she 's cut my hair the past 10 years . would n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop has your best interests at heart . they are honest , reliable , and fair . the owner is actually the mechanic who works on your car so you 're dealing with the straightforward answers . i like coming here , and suggest you come here too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all auto recently replaced my clutch and front brakes , and did a great job . the shop owner is friendly , candid , and helpful . it 's refreshing to work with a mechanic and feel that the work was done well and done at a fair price . next time my car needs work , i 'll be taking it to all auto repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using m & g for years and i have never been dissapointed . mike gets it right the first time and the prices are always fair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fair , fast , and chill guys work here . the entrance is a little hard to find , so keep your eyes out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "naiel came in on his day off so i could make my trip for memorial day ... he 's the best ... i 'm glad i found him i will definitely be back for all of my car needs ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have excellent brakes that were fairly priced . i will take all my cars to naiel every time . good prices and the work is excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have changed owners . their quality of service is not near what it used to be . they take a long time to look at your car and the repair was poor . i had to take it again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant does n't even deserve one star . i had the worst customer service i have ever had today . one of the host shoved my friend out of the at did n't even say sorry or excuse me . our waiter was so rude . she came to check on us once maybe twice . our drinks were refilled one time when she could 've came and done it many times . when we called to complain about our service , we had asks to speak to the manager & he was so rude to us also . i have n't never had management be so rude to me over the phone . i do not recommend going to this place if you want good customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my fav late night breakfast spot . not busy & waitress is alone but on point . always remembers what i had . very relaxing & food comes out good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "1h 45min waiting time . nobody says anything nobody offered a drink or anything to make the stay sweeter . the worst service i had in a fast casual concept so far .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we tried to go to another spot but it was close so this was right around the corner . open 24 7 . not very busy and we were there at 7am . the service was good . i ordered the pumpkin spice pancakes with hashbrowns and scrambled eggs and my husband got a vegie omelet with pancakes . the pancakes were delicious . they better be since this is a house of pancakes : ) but , the hash browns had no flavor and were not completely done . my husbands omelet they used processed cheese in it and it congiled and was nasty . he tried my scrambled eggs and said they had no taste to them . i just suggest when you go to a place stick to what they are known for nothing else . pancakes for this place stay away from the other stuff : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pick-a-pancake combo is a full breakfast for under $ 10 . i ordered the cheesecake pancakes with scrambled eggs , bacon and sausage , and crispy hashbrowns . while the eggs and hashbrowns were adequate , my pancakes were delicious . these pancakes are the reason i drag my husband to ihop . our server was claudia , and she was amazing . fantastic service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was great . our server was mario . the food was good . this is a great place for breakfast .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great prompt & friendly service for my to go order . they were n't busy but i have no doubt that the staff would have performed any other way . best location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to love ihop , but lately seems like the food quality is going down . today we had breakfast there and the chicken fried steak i had was so dry", "score": "3"}
{"review": "our service austin was amazing ! ! never would i imagine having such great service at an ihop . he was super friendly , extremely polite , overall amazing ! they need more of this type of service on the strip . ihop is ihop at the end of the day . i usually order the same thing . for some reason i wanted to try something different well i should have stuck to my regular breakfast order cause the chicken parmesan was not good . honestly that 's my fault it 's ihop i should n't be expecting the best pasta meal but it really was made with no care . for about $ 13 i was n't impressed with the quality . blueberry hills is a breakfast joint but they still have decent meals . this is our usual go to ihop and we tend to leave very pleased for the most part . their service is great ! the food is what you expect from any ihop . oh for some reason is very cold at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "can never go wrong with pancakes right ? wrong ! ! our night started out marvelous , perfect 102 degree weather . nice night . then we walk in ihop . we were then greeted by a very rude awkward waitress who seemed the only one on the floor this evening . she then walks us to a table and wipes it off keep in mind there 's crumbs and large pieces of food on the table and the booth . she then walks us to another table and tells us she 'll be back . we look at the menu and immediately realize she forgot to give us another menu , therefore we had an incomplete menu . she comes back takes our order and then leaves . my fianc\u00e9 and i are talking and the busser loudly yells if he can help us , i was looking at him and he got offended . overall this has been the most awkward and worst experience i have ever had..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was n't pleased with this place , i really should 've just walked out after finding the lipstick stain on my coffee cup . all they did was replace the cup . i was disgusted and i 've never returned since . food was just average .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have stopped eating at this ihop for a long time . the food is only ok. the service is questionable . i want to say their service went down since the introduction of the annual free pancake day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse service ever . we waited 40 mins for breakfast . 1 star is generous . you are better off making your own breakfast at home . the hostess was rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just walked out ! my son and i sat on the patio for over 10 minutes with no service . i had to walk back into the building to get someone 's attention . i have never had a good experience with ihop and now i will never go back . i am forever boycotting ihop !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "immediately i did not feel welcome . the hostess seemed inconvenienced by seating me . she then proceeded to sit me in the children 's area . kids were screaming the entire time . i asked for a pitcher of water . never got it . the food was mediocre at best . this experience was terrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the most expensive thing on the menu a tbone steak medium rare i cut it right in the middle and it was beyond well done ... . then they remade it and it was rare but it 's not the servers fault ... . but i noticed that the steak was n't red it was a brownish color so i wonder how long it 's been sitting fit and if i 'm about to get sick after eating this ... ... . service was good steak was n't ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the mexican looking hostess today when i kindly asked how long for two people rudely said one hour . not my fault that you 're stressed because it 's free pancakes day . you do n't have to be a bitch to me and your coworkers . quit if it 's too hard . get over yourself . you make me not want to go back to this location . you suck . you choose your attitude and you chose wrong .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yesenia our server tonight was horrible . she was alone around 11 pm and there was three table filled with empty plates . she had 2 customers ! the other table had to get up and tell her they were ready to order ! as soon as she took their order she went took a seat and was on her phone while we needed refills . the whole time i was there she was on her phone and did not pick up a single plate at my table or the empty ones . worst server ive been `` helped '' by .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took a friend here for breakfast , and the service was awful . went on a friday and it was n't very busy , and our server was pretty rude from the start . when we ordered our food , she had an attitude because i asked if i could get my quesadilla without chicken , being vegetarian . so i just said nevermind and got mozza sticks and fries . when she came back with our food , i asked if i could also get a cup of coffee . she sighed , rolled her eyes and said `` yea sure one sec '' . when she came back with it , she slammed it on the table and walked off . me and my friend ate , drank our coffee . and were ready to go . we sat there for 20 minutes before i got sick of it and asked another server to get our check . worst $ 40 i 've ever spent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best fresh brewed coffee ... . traditional and always consistent . simple order , e of everything ! ca n't beat their infamous buttermilk pancakes . and they have special sugar free syrup for diabetics . clean and fast service . got to love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "4 stars bc it 's better than the other rundown ed ihop . plus the server alli was very quick and helpful . i wish there were more like this . even the restroom was clean and new . it was busy christmas eve .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i guess this wo n't really be a fair review since i came in for the free pancakes on national pancake day or whatever it 's called . of course i had the stack of pancakes which were pretty good . i ordered a bunch of sides ( ie . sausages , bacon , and hashbrowns ) . the sausages and bacon were mediocre and pretty greasy . i told them i wanted the hashbrowns crispy and they were borderline burnt . our server was nice though so i felt bad and did n't want to complain . plus , he was probably already drained from the other table that he was serving -- they kept asking for more pancakes but did n't have the money to buy anymore . the service was good but the food was mediocre . i 'm hoping that it 's just because of how busy they were .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow ! crowded , but got seated right away ! waitress was very attentive . i did n't have to even get her attention for a refill on my drink . the food was ok , i just got pancakes , eggs and bacon . my husband got french toast eggs and bacon , i must say , i think it was worth $ 28.00 i think i will think twice about going here again for that price !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was lucky enough to score some tickets thanks to my roomie who brought me along ! we had a fantastic time watching the show and i highly recommend it ! overall it is visually and musically stunning ! the acrobatics are incredible and it is clear that these artists of precision are beyond dedicated . my only complaint is the clown portion . i suppose this is what always kept me from enjoying traditional circus shows ... perhaps i saw stephen king 's `` it '' too many times as a child . while some of the clowns acts were funny - the look ( and in particular one of their laughs ) was downright creepy . some of these portions went on entirely too long for my taste and i just felt that overall they seemed disjointed from the rest of the performances - which were much more beautiful and unique . that being said , i can not wait to see another cirque show as it truly was a magical experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first cirque du soleil show and despite some negative reviews on alegria i had read on other sites , i went with an open mind . i was not in the least bit disappointed . sure , parts of the show were a little slower than others , but overall , i really enjoyed it . the live band and singers did an excellent job providing the perfect audio backdrop for the mezmerizing visuals of the tumblers gymnasts , trapeze artists , and contortionists . i was completely in awe of the physical feats that these people are capable of . these folks are ultimate professionals and executed all of their tasks efficiently . i am not a big fan of clowns , but i thought that these were not too obnoxious . a couple of their skits ran a little long in my opinion , but i am sure the little ones in the audience enjoyed these bits . overall , i found the show to be well balanced and very well done . i look forward to my next cirque du soleil show !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cirque du soleil is jaw-dropping . i 'm a big picture kinda person so , i know how many hours of coordination , gymnast practice , costume design fabrication making , set design , memorization , creativity and synchronicity are needed for such a performance . the live band and vocals were beautiful , the clowns fantastically witty and funny , and the gymnasts oh me oh my , the envy i have for them and their flawless physique skill . i took my sister with me and she loved it as much as i did . cirque du soleil is mentally stimulating entertainment . you do n't see too much of that nowadays .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like this place for my workout necessities . the prices are very reasonable . they often have great sales , especially on shoes . my friend got a pair of hiking boots for $ 20 ( average looking , good style ) and i got the cutest pair of new pink and black running shoes for about $ 35 . i 've had them for a few weeks now and i still love them . great quality . i also get my weight lifting gloves here ( necessity ) , and my knee support bands . pretty good selection on both . lately they have been out of weights . i just hope they get some in before i am ready to move up a level . recently , i had to return something and it was very easy . great prices ! .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the location that is on the east side of eastern ave just south of serene . went in here for the first time once recently . was very impressed by the level of customer service i recieved here . the gentleman who assisted me was extremely patient and took the time to answer all of my questions . the store was clean and organized and the prices were very fair . i had a very positive shopping experience here and will not hesitate to return in the future . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store has a little bit of everything . we 've stopped in for a few little things because we were in the area . when you walk in you will immediately notice the small size of the store . do n't get me wrong , ... you can usually find what you need . they just have a large variety of items but few options of that item to choose from . i guess you could call their store 'cozy ' . everything is very tightly packed in . we also checked out their ammo section . they never seem to have one of the types we need . the other type is priced more than other places we 've bought at . i do realize the supply and demand has caused the price to jump ... but not that much . on the plus side the employees are always friendly and help us find what we need . i guess that is the silver lining !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is horrible . a few weeks back i bought a portable soccer goal post worth $ 99 and it did not last a few days for me and the post cracked , so went to return it and the manger was not very happy and did the returns and suggested i should shop at dicks sporting good . i was so damn upset with his stupid comment and decided i will never shop with big5 especially at this location . unfortuntely , i had to stop by to pick something for my son at this location and i was treated with the same arrongance and the best part he remembered me and said dick sporting goods is opened till 10 pm . i will report this to big 5 management and tell them how they employee treats a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it is always hard for me to find shoes that i like in my size . big 5 has had my size the last couple of times i have been in and they have very good prices . they happened to be having a big sale today and i was really happy with what i got . i was greeted as soon as i walked in and again when getting to the shoe area . everyone in the store was very helpful and friendly . they do have a lot of stuff crammed in here but i didnt find it too annoying . they have everything that i would want in a sporting good store . this big 5 may be on the smaller side , but has great service and prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for a store that only sells sporting goods , this place sure has a terrible selection ! i asked the girl at the front desk if they had any lights i could wear while running when it 's dark in the morning . she led me to an area near the back where she thought they had them . i could n't believe how crowded and disorganized the store was . and then when we got to the back area she realized that they actually did n't have what i was looking for and suggested i go to wal mart . i 'm sorry but are n't you the sporting goods store ! ? and what i was looking for is not that crazy and something a basic sporting goods store certainly should have . i do not understand the point of this store if they just direct everyone to wal mart . will definitely not return to this store in the future ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to this store twice , the second time was this evening . both times were to purchase equipment for my kids sports . i am not impressed at all . when shopping for cleats i noticed nothing seemed to be in it 's correct place . when i asked questions at both visits , the person working the shoe department responded with `` i do n't know '' or `` i 'm not sure . '' i had to ask if they could find someone who does know , and apparently , no one in the store did have the answers . seriously , when the employees can not answer questions to help , why would i want to shop there ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yikes ... how do they stay in business ? must be due to all the families driving gas guzzling suv 's that do n't want to drive 8 miles to sports chalet or to bass pro ... . 1 . service - nearly non existent . i think the staff have to wear ties . must limit creativity or even basic courtesy . i have been there about 8 times and never have been greeted once . 2 . selection - continually unimpressed . 3 . sales prices - see alot of advertised pricing , but rarely find something to buy . 4 . knowledge - could n't tell , since none of the staff every greeted me . based on the ones i had to ask questions , i would say no real demonstrated knowledge . i will continue to drive the extra miles to get to a proper place with proper selection , pricing and knowledge .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's no frills . you wo n't be wowed by impressive displays . but if you 're a serious athlete , you will appreciate their prices . i do n't buy my shoes there , but i do buy most of my swim stuff there ( if not online ) and some gear for my runs . to put it in perspective , my $ 70 msrp tyr swim suit retails for $ 70 at sports authority , about $ 60 at sports chalet , around $ 50 at dicks , and $ 30 at big 5 . the exact same suit . so if you want to save money , try big 5 first .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love big 5 ... this location is my favorite ! i went on on veteran 's day hoping for some deals and deals are exactly want i got ! the manager mark is awesome there-he seriously made the transaction go smoothly with his knowledge of the product and the discount he made available . so happy ! thanks mark .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just bought my 2nd gun from big 5 on eastern ave today . mark helped me again . he he did a great job . he is super knowledgeable with guns and ammo . he went over everything i needed to know about operating the fire arm . of all the gun stores i have been to , mark is always the most helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor quality . poor service . there are so many better options for any sports related products . other than the overpriced limited items , the staff are rude and useless . pass ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "big 5 is small & packed with merchandise . the prices are good , the service is spotty . when you can find an employee they are very helpful , if you ca n't you might be standing around for a while . i try to go during the day so it 's never to crowded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awful ! stood back by the shoes for 15min and no one asked me if i needed a size or help . as i walked out , 1 person asked if i needed any help . `` too late '' !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the manager on duty wayne , was absolutely amazing ! we needed to exchange 8 pairs of baseball pants and he did it with a smile on his face . he was super friendly and helpful . the pants were n't on the floor and he offered to go in the back and open the box from the shippment and get what we needed . this big 5 will be the first one we go to for our sporting needs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not too impressed with this place . their selection is underwhelming , their prices are above average and the store is cramped and congested . the employees were helpful and friendly , but could n't help me because they did n't have what i needed in store . because i am often around this area , i have stopped by on numerous occasions for a product or two . one time i purchased a tent that did not contain poles and another time i bought an air pump that broke upon first using it . i had no problems returning the items , but will forever be skeptical of big 5 products . save yourself the time and shop at dick 's or bass pro shops for a better selection , better quality and an overall better experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i walked in and was not acknowledged with a greeting until i was getting ready to leave the store . i really came in to just walk around while i was waiting for a friend but if i was really looking for something a simple hello or may i point you in the right direction would have been great and made the experience much better . i 'm not rushing back here anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not in love with this store 's merchandising . it 's really crowded and overwhelming . and the selection feels like ... . well ... . like going to radio shack versus fry 's . i have been here several times when i need something in a pinch . you need a softball glove ? it 's here . you need a big knife ? a bicycle ? a sled ? a pair of cheap athletic shoes ? it 's all here . you 'll find budget gear here . so if you 're not willing to comb craig 's list for used sporting goods , this is the next cheapest place to come .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "given a past great experience i returned to big 5 ... several years ago i bought a $ 30 pair of shoes at the green valley location . these shoes lasted as long as expected and matched the `` wear-and-tear '' quality of much more expensive shoes i 've had in the past . this great experience lead me to buy my next pair at big 5 . an unexpected bonus was the fact that i returned ( swapped-out ) these new shoes for another pair due to a fit issue that was not evident until i had the shoes at home . the big 5 staff happily made the exchange with no fuss . so , the value received and price paid will certainly bring me back years in the future for shoes . i simply ca n't justify buying the typical $ 100 ( and up ) everyday shoes . some of their other products can be higher priced so be sure to look for coupons in order to ensure you get a good deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a pretty good experience here . got to use some of our coupons and get some things to keep our faces and necks warm , as well as thermals and sleds . good prices on everything and so glad we did n't have to fight the mob at costco for sleds . the sleds at big 5 turned out much better and user friendly for our group . the only drawback to this experience is that the debit credit card system was intermittent and down when we were there , so it made getting in and out of the store a challenge quickly . but , the store personnel were very apologetic and nice about the whole thing . they had a large selection of things we wanted and needed , so i 'm glad i thought about going here first before going to costco .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to walk off the dinner bloat so decided to go check out big 5 . the place was a ghost town , with only 3 members working . i was putzing around the knife and firearms area seeing if there was anything new . the guy working up front greeted me and went back to small talk with the female employee . being one of the only 2 customers inside the shop i thought they would catch on that i needed assistance in the firearms area . after a while they did and sent out the manager . he was very helpful as i had my eyes on a new 12 gauge . he was pretty knowledgeable about different products and even checked the inventory for a product they were sold out of . big 5 has been lacking for a few years with their prices , the return policy is kind of rigid and they do n't really sell top shelf equipment . it 's good for a few cheap things and every other blue moon they have a good sale .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the few places that i can bring my kid to and find just about everything we need for any sporting event . they have shoes in every size and most other equipment needed to ensure a successful season . whether coaching , playing , or parenting big 5 usually comes through .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot of inventory , but the deals just are n't there . use to be my favorite place to get my fishing line loaded on my spool . but they keep having issues with their spooling machine . it 's been about a year now and they still have n't fixed it . i rated it a 3-star because at times with a coupon you can find a really good deal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "carpets look amazing ! i 'm glad you gave me your card . we will definitely have you back ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did an amazing job ! they cleaned every single corner . i will definitely be using them again and adding the tile cleaning to the list .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company , dan did a fantastic job cleaning the carpets drapes and upholstery in my house i will also be using his house cleaning and window washing services in the future as well he was very reliable from the scheduling messages via text to letting me know he would be on time via a text stating he was on his way courteous professional and afordable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had pro tech 702 out yesterday to clean my carpets . dan did a great job and he 's very professional ! my carpet looks great and already dry this morning . they always say they 'll be dry in a few hours and they never are . usually it 's days . mine were mostly dry last night with still some damp areas . but he definitely got them as dry as possible ! my carpet is soft too , not crunchy , they feel clean ... no soap residue left . i like that he wore booties in my house and used these large orange corner cones to protect the walls from the hoses . superb attention to detail and works clean ! ! thank you dan ... will definitely be using your services again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to the eaton centre location on a day and time when the food court was almost empty so i was very disappointed to have such a bad experience . the service was slow , the burgers were flavourless , the onion rings were bland , and the poutine was way too salty - something i have never experienced before in the other bsb location on king street . i thought the staff seemed really disorganized when i was waiting for my order . they prepped and served the burgers for the people that ordered after myself and 2 other individuals ahead of me , making us wait a good 15 minutes for essentially the same product . overall , a very poor experience . i will probably stick to the location on king street versus this one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not worth going out of your way to get but the lamb burger was okay . it did not have a strong taste unfortunately . the fries were great ! was served at average speed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "big smoke burger , rings and a fountain drink plus an add on of cheese . the burger was juicy , bun was nice and the rings were good . much better than some of the way overpriced craft burger chains . did n't feel gross after eating it . all for $ 13 bucks which really got me thinking about why on earth anyone would go to mcd 's and pay $ 11 bucks for a large fake burger combo when they can have a fresh grilled patty burger for a couple bucks more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty awesome burgers . they are tasty and a great size . really good french fries too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been in canada a week and had three burgers at different places . each burger was over cooked . this was one of the three places . although i 'm never asked , i always specify `` medium '' ; cooked but pink in the center . i keep getting well ; no pink . i do n't know if this is just my luck or a canadian thing . regardless , the burger was pricey and just ok , really good bun , but just ok overall . everything is extra at this place . do you want and organic patty ? do you want cheese ? etc . it 's all about the upsell . i had poutine with my burger and enjoyed it ( fries with brown-gravy and cheese curds ) . this was my first go at poutine so i have no context for comparison . this review may sound negative but my expatiations were exceeded considering this was 'food-court ' food in a mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had the crazy burger . ordered it med-well and it was burnt on one side and tasted terribly bitter from the char . instead of throwing the burnt patty away , they hid as much of the charred side as they could with the cheese slice . paid over $ 14 for a combo- over 4 dollars plus tax to add fries and a drink filled with as much ice as possible . horrible experience and value . i 'm happy to pay a premium for a quality burger meal , but the quality and value were both not present on my visit . do n't waste your money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the burgers were mediocre , the toppings greasy , the fries were brown and overdone , the poutine was flavorless - all at a price point that did n't explain the lack of taste . $ 7.50 for a plain organic burger , a little less for a regular burger . on this good friday holiday we had to wait for seats . the napkins did n't come out of the dispenser . skip this and go out of eaton centre for a different choice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , i was impressed . i 'm a vegetarian , so of course , no beef burgers for me . but their veggie burger was impressive and `` big '' . i kept the toppings simple : lettuce , tomato , onion and some guac . during my week in town , i actually visited a second time . i will definitely revisit the next time i 'm in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking for a quick meal at the urban eatery and since i had read about big smoke burger from chowhound i decided to give them a try . i went with their basic burger ( fully loaded except mayo ) plus fries and bottled water ( $ 10.85 tax incl ) . my burger had a `` hint '' of pink , but looked safe to eat ( hopefully ) . very happy with the taste of the burger and since i went early in the lunch-hour ( 11:30 ) the seating and overall ambiance was very civil .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "12 bucks for a cheese burger , onion rings and a water . lousy service and bad attitude are free . for the price you get a bland burger and soggy rings . the cash staff are less than bright having to repeat my order 4 times . gave the cashier a $ 20 and a townie and she gave me $ 8 in change then argued with me that she was right . when i explained that she could have given me a $ 10 bill , her response was so ! next time i 'll just cross yonge street and go to 5 guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not a burger maniac but occasionally i still want to try burger other than mac , burger king junks ... this location is situated inside eaton centre so decide to give it a shot during a recent shopping trip . what got to my attention first is the price , wow burger nowadays are so expensive and my order total $ 14 and change . had a medium well cheeseburger with fries and ice tea . the burger has some flavour and patty is nicely done and juicy alright , for a 9 bucks burger it 'd better be juicy . a little bit more seasoning would have been great , and i do n't really taste cheese on this burger , weird . fries is ... fries . nothing much to write about . seriously the taste is not bad , but will i pay another 14 bucks for the same order again , probably not . maybe because i am just not a big fan of burger in general . overall 3 5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by this place in the eaton centre food court on the way home from downtown . the burger was good . i generally have preferred flat top cooked burgers , but this was a good grilled burger . it was cooked well and the toppings were okay too . there are better burgers out there , but i would stop by again . alex", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a toronto fav ! its quick , fresh and relatively cheap . the chicken crazy burger is a must have . two locations in downtown - one on adelaide street off of yonge - the other in the eaton center food court .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cashier was fine , the wait was fine , but the burger itself came out smothered in far too much ketchup and was a horrible soggy mess . ocean of ketchup aside , the patty itself was pretty tasty . maybe next time i 'll just order mustard and put the ketchup on myself from the dispenser !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the veggie burger with fries and a water . very filling and i love that char on the burger . fyi ask for your fries to go when dinning in a food court , you get more fries then for here in tiny bowl .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lots of options . burger was decent . not the best i 've had but i can make better . fries were okay , friendly staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like michaels ... they are pricey though very much so and when they have specials on they are not very clear on which items are reduced because they 're mixed up with very expensive similar items ... not fair ! by the time you end up paying you usually pay 3x the about you think you 're going to spend if you end up keeping everything you thought was reduced !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there is not a thing i can say positive about this location sadly . lack of inventory , customer service is virtually non existent , to get in and out of the plaza is absolutely painful , and people do n't park properly at this location . there is way better michaels locations within the gta .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a discount store , but the selection is excellent for just about any category of art craft and decor project items . i have had custom framing done several times and it 's usually competent work . it was n't particularly great with a watercolour i had done but apparently these are notoriously finicky items to frame without permanently altering the artwork . lately i 've only needed small specialty items and i 've been struck by the consistently friendly and accommodating service from the staff . i do n't know why how but all the staff are super nice and helpful every week i 've been in the last several months . the hiring manager is finding great people and it makes the trip so much more pleasant . i 'm a happy repeat customer these days .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in the mood for hand-crafted , home-brewed zines ? you can peruse the tables at first fridays , or you can come here to the wasted ink zine distro , a zine distribution and retail shop in phoenix . proprietors charissa and marna threw a grand opening event on sunday , 6 december that was attended by makers and fans of home-print media . we were there -- lots of vendors and great conversation . if you missed it , you can still come by their shop and browse through the zine library or sample the ever-changing variety of micro-brew publications . come support this woman-owned , local business . definitely worth a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an amazing new place where zines are bought and sold . there are many different ones to chose from that hail from locally and beyond . part art , gallery , library and community space . soon they 'll have meet-ups and workshops . this is a great little place that supports writers and artists . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful , safe and professional environment ! this shop has a variety of zines and other reading material from diverse individuals locally and throughout the country . the shop has pillows for sitting and reading zines that you can purchase along with a zine library from the shop owners personal collections . they also host a variety of events workshops which are really fun and welcoming . their new location within the hive is really great ; you can check out the zine shop and also look at the artwork showcased in the gallery . the shop owners charissa and marna are always down to speak with customers and are very knowledgeable of all the zines they have included . this is a great place to visit over the weekend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , very professional and a much needed start to building a stronger and fuller zine culture everywhere . because we always need hubs and venues for indie art . thanks wizd ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this shop ! i ca n't stop in here without taking home at least a couple goodies . they have a truly amazing selection of zines for purchase from indie artists all over the country , plus a permanent zine library and comfy reading area ! they also host art , poetry , and music events and workshops pretty frequently ; i 've been to several and the environment is always very welcoming . this place is a gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while other have stated the pure value of the foods here as very cheap , i have to give applause to the security team here . i left the store without taking all my bags . for simply $ 1.76 of ground cumin , the security guy allowed me to watch his security camera to see what happened . this was good to see and im glad they allowed me my produce again and allowed me some candy as well . this is one of those businesss that ask for id if you pay with credit card", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite compare , though it seems older and smellier than the others i have been to . i love their produce , why is it so much cheaper than other mainstream stores ? my wife is cuban , so we buy our supplies here , in bigger quantities and for less $ $ $ than the other stores . its definitely not the same as shopping in an american style store , but if you 're looking for hispanic goods , there is no place better !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for produce , the store is amazing . the prices are those that ca n't be beaten , but everything else is so much more expensive . if you like the smell of dirty , soggy dog . then this is the place for you . the smell can be a bit overwhelming sometimes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent ethnic food shopping ! ! ! only place in nc that has carolina rice ! ! seriously !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the first grocery store i have ever been to that had a cell phone store and a jewelry store in the front . hey , buy some groceries , pick up a g chain , and renew your cell phone plan all in one joint-i can handle that ! it is by far the cheapest grocery store that i have ever been to , and that really is n't saying anything negative about the quality of any of the food . they have a great selection of mexican food : cheeses , tortillas , sauces , and such . they also have grooves for every walk of life ; i heard some 90 's r & b go into some ranchera music -- pleasing everybody ! i said everything was cheap , but the beer was actually more expensive , so i snatched up a snow-cone from a sweet lady out front .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the first north carolina store . the company is owned by pena family which is a subsidery of associated foods even though they do n't sell the super a brand in this state . they get their stuff from merchant distribution in hickory which sells morning fresh , hytop and better valu which is an iga sub brand . the got about 20 store under the banner", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location smells bad items are over priced , it 's very disorganized , and dirty . i would n't go back to this location because it simply grosses me out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the most worst of all supermarkets compare foods the name should say compare prices cuase if you do this place is over priced do not i repet do not go in this supermarket and spend your hard ern cash or food stamps you will be getting jerked all the way to the cashier ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you ever need a gift that screams arizona this is your place ! from artwork , coasters , candies to fragrant soaps , this store has it all . i think everything is arizona themed or made by local artists vendors . a few names i remember off the top of my head were cerreta candies , goldwater chili mix , and wild woman soap . there is a wide range of prices to fit any budget , and all the staff here were so friendly and nice . steve in particular was so incredibly nice , telling me a bit about all the products and making suggestions for gifts for the people i was shopping for . they did have some tempting sweet pickled jalapenos too that i was pondering getting for myself . maybe i will pick some up at my next trip to downtown chandler !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little local downtown shop . everything inside is made in arizona . some stuff is way over priced and touristy ( expected ) , but there are plenty of neat gifts items worth a peak .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a shop for local snacks , salsa , gifts and so much more . i bought some valentine 's day note cards from a local artist , mac kellen , who places secret hearts in all of her work . i just love cutesy things like that . my son asked for the short bread cookies that are made in town . fun place to browse through !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lot 's of great gifts and collectibles at reasonable prices ! parking is convenient . i got most of my christmas presents here in one stop and some great gift ideas for future occasions . the shop staff were very knowledgeable about the local products , friendly , attentive , informative and helpful without being over bearing . my only problem was my eyes were bigger than my wallet , but they have a great range of prices from relatively inexpensive to high end so i was completely satisfied . i will definitely return and bring friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're searching for a souvenir or a unique gift to send someone out of town , check this place out ! all of their merchandise is handcrafted by local artisans . i recently discovered this store and have already been back twice . my out-of-town guests made several purchases here this past week as well . i know where i will be shopping this christmas : ) they will even ship your items for you . the owners are so nice . support this local business ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the first gift store that makes me actually like buying gifts for people back home ! they are doing what every gift store should do : offer a broad selection of real arizona businesses and or artists ! they even have dog toys ! how awesome is that ! oh and do n't think you should n't visit the store if you 're not a tourist , how easy is it that they collected all local things in one place ! must visit place if you 're in the phoenix area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything in this place is made in arizona ... how great is that ? ! i know exactly where i 'll be shopping for my out of state relatives this coming christmas . the owner was very friendly and was eager to tell the story behind all the artwork and local goodies in the store . you could tell that opening this shop was a labor of love for the owners . i hope they are busy and successful , because stores like this that support local artisans are only doing great things for our local economy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this store ! as an arizona native it 's always fun to pop in and see what goodies they have from local companies . i bought a state fourty eight shirt of bruce ( the cards coach ! ) for myself , my daughter , and mom last year . i am also a realtor and love that when i have transplant clients closing on a property i can pop in here and get them a piece of arizona to say thank you and welcome to az !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a one stop shop full of amazing local and handmade gifts . they have everything from hot sauce to handcrafted soaps and lotion bars and their prices were reasonable . since i only packed a carry on for my flight home i was concerned about buying any salsas or glassware , but sibley 's was able to ship it directly to my apartment ! it was so convenient to buy and have it shipped from the same place and at no additional fee besides the flat rate box . they emailed me that same night to inform me my order was sent . though i noticed a piece of pottery was much more expensive than the shops in old town scottsdale ( sibley 's price was $ 160 compared to many shops ' $ 50 ) , their customer service more than made up for it and they can tell you precisely who made the pot . a great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is a gem . they have a wonderful selection of all az artists or suppliers . the staff is very helpful but let you browse without being overbearing . what 's great is they know all about their artists . will be back to add to my collection : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good selection , just a bit pricey but that was expected since this is one of the only gift shops in chandler .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely a jewel ! everything in the store is made by local arizona artisans . i stopped in on my way to the airport and am very glad that i did . beautiful shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really an awesome place to get unique gifts and items . i host a large meeting each year and like to include a giveaway as a reminder of the event for the participants . the staff at sibley 's is awesome to work with and always helps me find something great . and when they 've not had enough of something on hand , they 've worked with the artist to get more for me . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pricy gifts but everything is authentic here . the owners are helpful and kind , great customer service . they have everything you can imagine in a gift store . from key chains to sauces you wo n't be disappointed with what you leave with . highly recommended if you 're in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is pretty cool and is a great location for street shopping . also had some really cool gift ideas and great for visitors but went in there specifically for arrowheads and they hand none , i feel like that 's such a common thing for this area they should have that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the items in the store were very uniquely arizonan , exactly what i wanted as souvenirs to bring home to california . the employee knew the details of each of the items i purchased , and obviously took pride in having the items comprise the store 's identity . there are many different gifts - food , native american crafts , jewelry , clothes , fountains , etc . seems like there is something for everyone . at least in this store , 'made local ' seems to mean 'high quality , ' relative to foreign knick-knacks in the corner drug store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the selection . i bought a one of a kind clock for my home on one trip to az and just had to stop the next trip to see what they had . that time i only bought a couple of handmade soaps one of which i am currently using . i love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extraordinary range of items all interesting and unique . many gallery quality items from artists around arizona . it 's easy to find the perfect gift for a friend , coworker or that family member back east .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to add an additional star since i stopped by here when we were downtown for the tree lighting last weekend . they have added a lot of cool stuff from local artisans . pottery , paintings , and handmade candles and soaps . this is a great place to shop for a gift for someone whether they are from out of town or not . i was also really excited to see that they have started stocking a pretty decent selection of arizona wines . they only had about 25 bottles or so but all the best wineries from across the state were represented with what appeared to be their most popular bottles . i did n't have time to check out the prices but it is surprisingly hard to find places that stock a good selection of local wines so i will definitely be shopping here often from now on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this little shop is great . they have so many local items & makes the perfect one-stop-shop to take visitors to stock up on their arizona-themed gear . the owner was super nice , and explained where everything comes from . they helped me find what i was looking for & held it at the counter while i shopped . they 'll pack up your purchase for safe travel , and i felt like everything was really reasonably priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents came to visit and wanted to go back with gifts for the family so i found this place on yelp and away we went . so happy we did ! we bought tons of stuff that is made locally in arizona and mostly in the phoenix area . best part , we saw some of the items we bought at other stores and we paid on average $ 5 less for each item ! there was no way they could have gone home with that much stuff if they had bought it at frontier town in cave creek or old town scottsdale . the staff was super helpful and told us a little about the person who made each item .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this the best shop around if you are looking for unique gifts and treasures from arizona . as an added bonus the staff here is great and very helpful . the hubby and i went here once and then came back again a week later and we were instantly remembered by the staff . they have a ton of unique items and gifts . as someone who lives in arizona i even find this store to be interesting and a way to support local artists . it 's well worth a trip or two or three .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful shop ! i was able to finish up all of my last minute christmas shopping here . the staff was very friendly , and super informative . i will be bringing my out of town guests here for some arizona-made shopping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my sister and i searched all over to purchase prickly pear syrup . we did a google search and found it at sibley 's west . we took a drive to the store and the people there were awesome . very helpful.they have such great local items to purchase . needless to say we left with much more than the syrup . great place to shop for local artisan products . we will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service . my company had a large meeting in town , and we coordinated with them to have some local , arizona treats available for the employees . we also had to make a gift basket for an attendees . they had great ideas and were extremely helpful . the store is quaint and filled with a variety of items to treat anyone . they can make fabulous gift baskets ! i highly suggest them . they also have beautiful pottery in the store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fun little shop for az products . prices are a little high but i expect that in a boutique . good place to bring out of state guests .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this disgusting little store would have been decent if it were not for the racist p.o.s . that runs and works there . the women will follow you ( if your not white ) and not the other customers , they will take stuff from your hand and not the other white customers , and they will constantly be right next to you `` fixing stuff '' ( a.k.a spying on you ) in any section of the store . you can find other places and better things , go to a farmers market , go to an actual arizona store , but do n't go here unless you want to support racist biggots .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome , awesome place for arizona food , accessories , art , clothing , jewelry , souvenirs , gifts etc . all of the items in the store are produced by locals which makes it even better . support your local community . the folks that work in the store are amazing . we 've had a positive experience each time we 're there . last night we showed up after they had closed . steve saw us outside , let us in and let us do the shopping we needed to do for our trip . we highly recommend sibley 's west .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly staff and i lie the concept of the store all together . they have so many unique fun items and art made by locals . their not overly priced either like i expected . although i did n't buy much , i had a lot of fun just browsing through the store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great gift shop full of made in az products . the owners are the nicest people in the world ! a must visit shopping experience in chandler that locals shop at regularly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place for real usa & real arizona stuff ! ! might cost a bit more but buy hometown stuff . they have a bit of everything and are very helpful . hope their expansion works out well . the 30 % coupon i got via e-mail was a winner . i recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lets just get right down to it . i am a mother of 7 and have been through the ortho experience with 4 of my children and my husband . we typically just went to the ortho nearest our home . it is a busy office with long waits and not much personalization but frankly i was a busy mom so out of convenience we continued to go there . i decided to do some shopping around when it came time for kid # 5 to get braces . i had some questions so i called a few ortho offices to interview them . i was surprised to get a personal call back from dr curtis . ( who does that ? ? ! ! ) he answered all my questions and we decided to give him a try . i 'm so mad at myself for not finding him sooner . it has been an awesome experience and we will never go anywhere else for our orthodontic needs . the staff is very friendly and dr curtis does the funnest things for his patients . check them out ! you 'll be glad you did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love curtis orthodontics ! ! ! every single professional in this office is amazing ! ! ca n't say enough good things about them ! ! my son 's braces are great , and he takes good care of them because he wants to please the doctor , and they are right on schedule with how they said everything would turn out , and i really appreciate that ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "curtis orthodontics has worked with me regarding this issue . of course i ca n't give them 5 5 because of the huge communication issue . i am happy to say that curtis orthodontics went back and fourth with me to make sure we could come to a good compromise . that right there says a lot about a company and i greatly appreciate it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love this place ! the whole office is so hopeful and wonderful with my daughter ! she is so excited about getting her braces ! ! thank you for being so wonderful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing staff . always super friendly and helpful . i was 100 % confident with dr. curtis ' plan for my son 's orthodontic care . he is about halfway done with treatment and things are looking great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr curtis and his staff are amazing ! they are so friendly and fun , my kids never mind going to the orthodontist . they were very clear with our treatment plan and stayed on track to the day for my older son . they have been following up with my younger son every 6 months to check his dental progress and need for braces , and have squeezed us in many times for emergency checks on things , just to ease my mind . love how patient oriented they are by having free events every few months including movies , trampoline parks , or fun events outside at a local park . they make you feel like you are one of their only patients when you are there . would recommend them to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this office ... the staff there are so nice ! ! ! and the office is really clean ..only had my braces on for 3 months and i can see a big difference already ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this a very well run office . dr. curtis is very gentle and personable . he is also very fair in pricing and does minimally invasive treatments . both of my kids go here and after investing several other orthos he was by far the best and cheapest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! if i could give dr curtis and his staff more stars i would . every one is so friendly and professional . my daughter receives wonderful treatment . the nice thing that dr curtis does for his patients & family , is he holds patient appreciate days and raffles off prizes through out the year . he gives back . he is a generous and caring dr . i highly recommend him to every one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just switched ortho recently cause we moved to arizona a little bit ago . love this ortho ! ! ! already see huge difference in my kids teeth . love the fact that he takes the time to go over everything . i always walk out of there knowing the plan for next visit and entire process . love this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually go to an ortho in ohio , where i 'm from , but needed to get my permanent retainer replaced and decided to go ahead and switch to an ortho in arizona . i found dr. curtis through yelp reviews and could n't be more impressed ! he was able to get me in for an appointment immediately , his staff was over the top amazing , and his office is like nothing i have seen before ! i am so impressed with the service i received by dr. curtis and his staff , i have been telling everyone about my experience . such a cool doctor that truly cares about his patients ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. curtis and his team are true professionals . i will emphasize team here because that is exactly what they are . this office runs like clockwork . they are always on time , professional , friendly and i could go on and on . my kids actually look forward to going to the orthodontist . our twin daughters , age 14 , have both gotten braces here . if we knew about curtis orthodontics earlier , our oldest daughter would have went here as well . one daughter has recently had her braces taken off and the other is scheduled to have them taken off in the next couple months . both of their smiles are amazing and each had their unique set of circumstances . again , the team here really treats their clients with respect and an individual approach . i would like to thank the entire office for making our experience ( and smiles ) so great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! i am 30 years old , work and study full time . i have no time to waste . this place is one of the best running businesses i came across . always on time , always friendly , always professional , and dr curtis is definitely a perfectionist . i truly enjoyed his humor and very clear explanation of what he was doing the entire time . his staff is well mannered , and very kind . my appointments never took more then 20 minutes , and were always arranged around my busy schedule . mille at the front desk is a great person to work with , and stayed on top of my finances during my year treatment . it took exactly as long as dr curtis expected , so i am going for my `` de-bond '' exactly 12 months later . it definitely is my type of business ! ! five stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. curtis and his staff are beyond amazing and we are so pleased with the results ! ! both of our girls have beautiful smiles because of their incredible attention to detail . dr. curtis has state of the art equipment that was very helpful in explaining the process . plus , the office is so much fun for the kids and they always have fun contests going on where the kids can win gift cards , play video games or watch a movie while they are having procedures done . dr. curtis also sponsors wonderful client events during school breaks and has rented out trampoline places , laser tag venues , and movie theaters as a way to say thanks . who thought getting braces could be so much fun ! ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. curtis ' office staff is always friendly and very knowledgeable . his office is up to date on all the technology . my daughter loves to go there to watch the t.v . screens on the ceiling . i love that i always get to see him with every appointment since it is my first time wearing braces i have questions at each visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "curtis orthodontics is the perfect example of how to run a business . the staff is engaging , knowledgeable , prompt , professional , organized and always there to help . the office has an uplifting , positive and friendly vibe . i really ca n't say enough great things about dr. curtis and his staff . from the use of state-of-the art technology to payment plans to office contests to annual parties , they have it all . from the moment you open the door , you will be greeted with a smile and you will be given care and attention like no other . i 've had two kids with braces here and i can honestly say this place is amazing . i wish all professional services could be as awesome as curtis orthodontics . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very unhappy with my crooked smile . after receiving treatments from dr. curtis my teeth are beautiful . my daughter just got her braces and she loves them and is always excited for her adjustments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had such a great experience working with dr. curtis and his staff ! ! they are the best ! i am amazed at the transformation that has taken place in one years time with my son ! ! he now has a beautiful smile and a proper bite ! dr. curtis is great with motivating kids and making the process as painless and fun as possible . i would recommend curtis orthodontics to anyone who is needing orthodontic help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office will exceed your expectations . i have been pleased with every aspect of the service since we started . one day my daughter and i were discussing what power chain color would look best with her homecoming dress ( you know , real world problems : ) dr. curtis overhead and chimed in and asked about the dress and gave some suggestions and then had his assistant sample different colors . it 's the small details like this that shows they are willing to go above and beyond . i would highly recommend this office to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both my daughters are seen by dr. curtis and his staff . my oldest has just finished her first phase and is waiting to start part two . it is so nice to have a doctor who waits to start the next step until the child is ready . my oldest had a devices that gave her her smile back . it is so nice to see her smile and not be worried about her teeth . the staff is friendly and helpful through all the steps . soon my other daughter will start her treatment.. i know she will be in good hands when she is ready .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best price i found , friendly staff , and gave me exactly what i wanted . they do everything on site and everyone always has a smile !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience here ! my son has only had the consultation so far . i can tell choosing this dr would be a great choice and the staff was wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had such a positive experience here ! dr curtis has transformed our daughter 's smile in such a bold way in such a short time ! she has a new found confidence and is so much happier with her appearance . we are very grateful for the professionalism and expertise of dr. curtis and his staff . we have never had a problem . early in treatment with braces , a wire slipped out of place on a friday . at 4pm no less . of course . we debated calling to get her in on monday , or to wait until monday to call . we decided to call at that time . the number was directed to dr. curtis 's cell phone and he answered . he met us at the office , after hours on a friday night , to fix the wire . we were impressed ! i would recommend this practice to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had zoom whitening done at curtis orthodontics and could not be happier with the experience . dr. curtis was personable , on time and patiently answered all my questions . the office is beautiful and his staff was courteous and professional . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love curtis orthodontics ! dr. curtis and all of his staff are so friendly , sincere and helpful . with 2 kids already through phase 1 , it 's been a great experience . his approach is conservative and we could n't be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being new to arizona i did n't have any local friends or family to recommend orthodontic care . curtis orthodontics happened to be located near my office so i researched reviews and it seemed like it may be one option to consider . i went in for a consult ( also went to two other places ) and was sold . i am currently 7 months into treatment and extremely pleased ! the staff is so friendly and warm ! i do not even have a favorite assistant because they 've all been so great and dr. curtis is always upbeat , positive , friendly and thorough when explaining the treatment progress and next steps . i am very confident i made the right decision in care and i am loving my progress . i can not wait to see my outcome ! thank you dr. curtis and team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he is absolutely the best orthodontist i have ever seen , kids just love him and i do too.i 've never seen a kid look forward to going to a orthodontist but my grandaughter sure did . dr. curtis turned right around from the airport when he was going on a trip and met us at his office to fix a wire that came loose from her braces . he has parties for his patients quite frequently and they always have a great time.he and his awesome staff really does put patients first and i would highly recommend him to anyone young and old alike .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. curtis and his team are absolutely the best ! both my kids and i had our braces put on and we love our smile . our dentist has said that the work is the best she has seen . if you are looking fro a great ortho you need to go here . you will love dr. curtis and his friendly staff : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. curtis office is the absolute best . the lovely ladies who run the office are always amazing and available to help out with every need . we are super pleased with the results so far on our daughters teeth . we could n't have found a better place ! the whole office is so hopeful and wonderful to my daughter ! she was so excited o getting her braces ! ! thank you for all that you do and how lovely and wonderful you all are ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once , for about 48 hours , my face was free of gunk . cathy provided an exceptional facial with hundred -- seriously hundreds -- of extractions and a brow wax . i do n't know what to say about this experience other than it was great . my face felt much better and cathy accomplished exactly what i wanted and needed . this was also my first time using yelp deals , which was fast and easy -- i bought $ 100 of service for $ 50 while driving to my appointment and cathy had the notification by the time i opened the door to her spa . the yelp deal made the purchase process a breeze and cathy is very sweet to offer it as i would gladly pay full price for her exceptional service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cathy is amazing ... ... she 's friendly , quiet at the right times , and a bit goofy like me . she makes every appointment comfortable and easy . my sister now goes to her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love cathy ! my mom and i have been going to her for years now , and we would n't trust anyone else with our brows or facials ! we recommend her to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh.my.gosh ! i absolutely love this place ! cathy , you are amazing ! i just saw her today for a brazilian and eyebrow wax , and her work is flawless ! i have had many waxes in the past and was nervous to get one out here in vegas , my eyebrows have been burned on many occasions so needless to say i had valid reason to be scared about a brazilian in this town ! cathy is welcoming and made the whole uncomfortable experience actually comfortable . she is fantastic and i now can say i finally found someone who i can trust with waxing and any skin care advice ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to cathy a few times for waxing ( underarms and brazilian ) and she was fantastic . she was very friendly and made me feel very comfortable . i would definitely recommend her to anyone who needs a waxing lady . thanks again cathy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my facial with cathy in the past but just had a brazilian wax with her for the first time . i usually go to the birthday suit in town square but it has moved for quite some time now so i had to look for another place that does it quick and efficient . i found other estheticians but they are not as quick . after reading some reviews and yelp and came across cathy again , i decided to book one the next day . it was using the soft wax and though it supposed to be half an hour , she was done in 15 mins . it was super fast . however , when i came home , i noticed that some areas were not as clean as i would expect it to be . hence for now , it is an a-ok. because i do like cathy very much , i will give it another try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just got a brazillian and wow that wasnt bad at all ! its never easy to show your goods to anyone but here , i didnt even notice because i felt so comfortable ! i feel super clean thank you mimi for all the helpful tips and recommendation for maintenance ! i will for sure become a regular . i highly recommend this place ! this place is a hidden gem", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chloe seems to be the best of the best . i was a little nervous approaching this , but almost instantly i was calmed ! her energy is just so zen its easy to be around her and get comfortable almost immediately . she was very knowledgable about the issues that i had brought to her . now since i am eating better and on a more consistent workout schedule my whole being is excelling ! i highly recommend this service to anyone everyone . very pleased with my personal results !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a health coach is one of those things you do n't realize you 're missing out on until you try it . health coaches help you identify anything in your life that is less than ideal and strategizes with you to improve your quality of life . chloe can help you make your life pretty great . although i have n't had any other health coaches , i 'd say chloe is exceptional . she promotes creativity , health , happiness , and success . i always leave our sessions feeling fulfilled with a list of ideas in mind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with any sort of life coaching . chloe was incredibly understanding of my apprehensions and skepticism . through these sessions , i was able to talk about thinks that i had never previously talked about to another person in-depth , like my eating habits , spirituality , fitness , and alternative medicine options . there was never any sort of negative judgement from chloe , and she was very optimistic and helpful when i was negatively judging myself . she is accepting and respectful of all sexualities and gender identities . she helped me with making attainable goals , which made my life seem more structured and less stressful ! i loved this program so much ! thank you chloe ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "asked for a side of sriracha and got this so wrong just laziness so sad smh could have gave my the plastic little cups but noo lazy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mortified ! ! ! i generally have a good experience here , food as i ordered , drive thru employees are friendly and it 's the closest place to my house . it only takes one bad experience and this one is just more than i can ever forgive ! too bad too , cause i loved me some jitb . it 's 2am and just picked up my out of town friends from airport who are starving after a long flight . drive thru guy was nice and even gave us a free dessert . we get home and as we are eating , we notice a fried cricket in our curly fries ! ! disgusting ! ! needless to say , we all stopped eating and felt sick to our stomachs . i will update once i get a response from management !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location has the worst drive through ( and probably inside ) service we 've ever encountered every single time we come to this location . extremely slow , rude , and they just genuinely seem like they hate their jobs here . not to mention half our order is always wrong before we pull away from the window . we even have to ask for straws . absolutely ridiculous , i would not recommend this location at all ! this is the third time in a row , we will not be returning ! save your time and money and go somewhere you are appreciated as a paying customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give it a zero star . worst place i have ever been too . i literally ordered a munchie meal and they gave me the wrong order . there was the buns , cheese , pickles , onions , and no meat or chicken whatsoever ! the fries & tacos were cold , and when i called to make a complaint the manager told me to come back and get the money and a free shake . when i went back they did n't give me my shake : '- (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't get basic orders correct . asked for sausage egg cheese biscuit with bacon instead of sausage . they charged me extra for bacon then did n't give me bacon . two other customers had incorrect orders at the same time too . awful .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to jack in the box tonight ordered a spicy chicken sandwich got my order went home started to eat and halfway through eating it i found a long piece of hair after taking a bite of my sandwich . so i immediately got into my car drove back to jack in the box and explained to the cashier that i got a hair in my food . so the cashier went to the cook and he came to me telling me he has been on the grill the whole night and that was not his hair . i would not plant hair in my food and waste my time and gas to drive back there and be told that i 'm wrong . i 'm the paying customer that deserves to be treated tight . i felt disrepected by the cook accusing me of putting the hair i 'm my own food . this is horrible customer service and i 'm very disappointed i the service i hot tonight . i go to this jack in the box alot , and i have never been treated like this .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , this place is full of idiots now . i ordered 4 tacos no lettuce , all have lettuce and 2 had no meat , i mean how dumb can you be ! also ordered a large oreo shake , got a small one , curly fries and wanted to add cheese but had already paid , they had no way of charging for a side of cheese , wanted to refund the whole order and start over , i mean , its a tiny cup of cheese . i will definitely never be back to this one !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "check your order before you leave ! ! ! ! i went through the drive thru and got my order . i usually check it before i leave to make sure i got everything i paid for . this time i did n't and of course , they forgot two of my items i ordered . and they did n't even give me my receipt so i could n't prove to them what i ordered and paid for ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great lawyers . they have been helping me with a case for a little bit if time now . holly , lesley and craig are a wonderful team . i would and have recommended them to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you find yourself in a really tough situation these are the folks to call . arizona has insanely tough dui laws and i had my first and last taste of it . i interviewed at least 10 law firms and once i spoke to craig rosenstein i knew this firm was the one for me . craig along with dave smith were outstanding and made a really hard time easier to deal with . they handled everything and i felt like a had a great team in my corner fighting for me . they were able to get really tough charges reduced incredibly significantly . do n't go through a difficult time alone or try to handle this process alone . hire a great law firm , hire these guys at rosenstein .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a great experience dealing with the rosenstein law group . have the utmost confidence that they will fight your case to the end . they will make sure your life goes as smoothly as possible , considering whatever circumstances you may have . they will guide you all the way to the grave ( stay in contact and guide you even after the case . ) do n't hesitate and hire some of the best , most intelligent attorneys in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend the rosenstein law group , specifically jefferson simmons to anyone needing an attorney . jefferson is an extremely professional , skilled and knowledgeable attorney . he is well connected within the legal community and gets the job done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craig and his firm are incredible ! he got my case dismissed and charges all dropped in such a short time frame and kept me informed every step of the way . it was stress and hassle free . i ca n't thank you enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best attorney in az ! i refer to all my friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great conversation with craig about referrals . he was on time , professional , informative . i am excited to send my clients to rosenstein law about dui , drug charges , or set asides . now my clients have the ability to get their rights back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend craig and his team chris , leslie and tiffany . not only are they knowledgeable and professional but treated me with so much compassion and kindness . if you find yourself in a difficult situation they are the team to call .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jefferson simmons was my attorney on my felony dui case and he did and exceptional job . he kept me in the loop the whole time during the different stages of my case . he negotiated a very good deal and i am so grateful for that ! i felt totally calm throughout the process because i knew he was taking care of everything for me ! ! i will most definitely use him again and recommend him to my friends and family ! ! thanks for everything jefferson ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i could n't thank rosenstein law firm enough for their professionalism during this process . they took care of me front start to finish and i literally did n't have to worry about one thing . in the end , case was thrown out ! ! ! now i have a second chance at a dui free life due to the due diligence from the team at rosenstein law ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craig , tyler , and the rest of the team at rosenstein law group are true arizona law experts . tyler was professional , persistent , and made me feel as comfortable as possible every step of the way . i am very happy with the outcome of my case and will be using this group any time i need legal advice help in the future . i would highly recommend their services to anybody needing legal help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is pretty amazing that you can get together with young professionals first & third tuesday of every month and worship for a couple of hours . every time i come i always fill so much better and i get to meet cool people that like to worship too . they moved the location to the city of grace downtown location in downtown phoenix . the church is pretty old , but it is amazing inside the church . if you like to worship and want to meet cool christians you should come sometime . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "epic ! such a refreshing experience . god centered , yet age relevant and a great message that is taught from scripture . the worship and scenery was so great at phoenixone . most importantly this seems like an authentic place to build christ centered relationships and make new friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what is better than spending some time with young professionals ? spending time with young professionals that love and worship my jesus the way i do ! the first and third tuesday you could find your way to north phoenix baptist church for some praise and worship , some of the word of god , and some new friends ! i know christianity is not everyone 's thing and neither is this review : ) but if you are in your 20s 30s looking for a home church love to sing and dance in his name phoenixone is the event for you . there is always tons of great ways to connect with churches and other organizations ! hope to see you there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service , food and atmosphere are good . i eat here often for a quick lunch . ca n't understand why there are only two stars . it 's a nice and clean sub shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered over phone . they said 10 mins . i arrived in 15 ; order not started yet . one girl was restocking chips , and the other one told me she was cleaning up a flood in the back . i understand that things happen , but she was n't really apologetic , did n't offer a concession or upgrade for me having to wait when my order was n't even started yet , and it seems the girl that was restocking the chips could 've been making my sandwiches while the other girl was cleaning up the so-called flood in the back . i was not a happy camper .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hard to beat a pretty decent meal for 2 adults and 2 kids for under $ 20 good subs , kids friendly and good location . good option for sunday 's lunch !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was good but took 30 minutes to get from the time we ordered . this location is understaffed and the staff appear undertained . they would be better off closing for the day if they are that thin on help . i will not go back to this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first and last visit to firehouse subs . i ordered a turkey verde sandwich from the under 500 calories menu . i took it to go and when i reached my destination- less than a 10 minute drive- i sat down to have lunch- or so i thought . the sub was soggy- covered in some strange damp slime- it feel apart in my hand as i tried to pick it up . i took a bite- as the soggy sandwich continued to fall apart - it was a soggy tasteless mess . ugh- straight to the trash . so , i just spent $ 9.00 on a sweet tea . not happy . too bad- i really like the idea concept of firehouse as i have many friends in chicago who are firefighters . i like that firefighters started this place and that some of the proceeds from each sale go to to charities that benefit firefighters and their families . on the positive side , the store was very clean and the employees friendly and efficient , however i will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last month we stopped in to order the family some subs to go ... . we noticed the sign on the wall stating they received a `` c '' rating and below said under new management ? ? ? ? ? we lost our minds i guess and went back today to place an order if all things `` looked right '' ... .. noticed no sanitation grade on the wall . when asked they stated it fell off the wall ? ? ? ? i will say this will be my last visit to this location ! will go to other locations nearby as we enjoy the food and atmosphere ... . thanks mike", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service was friendly but very slow . the sandwich i ordered , a light hook and ladder , was the tiniest sandwich i have ever received . it was probably 4 '' or 5 '' at most and they really skimp on the meat toppings . terrible value ! if thats how to make it light , dont even bother . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in the area and it was around lunch time . craving d & d , but wanting to make it to the pool quicker , i remembered firehouse subs was located in the same complex . having never been before i went ahead and asked if i could create my own , and yes , i could . yippee for me as i am quite pickey when it comes to my sandwiches . i ordered the regular with turkey , bacon , lettuce , extra onion and swiss cheese . i received my receipt and cup and headed for the interesting soda machine . you can pretty much choose from a variety of sodas by just tapping what you want . i will say the sprite i got just did n't taste like a sprite , but oh well . i arrived at the pool and my sandwich was made to prefection . it has a perfect amount of turkey and the cheese was melted to perfection . i enjoyed it very much and will definitely be back..and was surprised to see only two and half stars for this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a standard firehouse - good , warm subs ! they also have one of those coke machines where you can pick flavors and such ... the parking gets a little hairy so come early or just try to avoid peak eating times or prepare to walk from a couple parking lots away ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is garbage . read all the reviews and you 'll see that the wait and bartenders seem to ignore every customer they have . do n't support a business that ignores their customers . i went here 3 times determined to find a good country bar that i did n't have to leave tempe to enjoy . each time service got worse . never greeted once , always served after 15 minutes of waiting , and always had to flag down our waitress to get the check refills . i 've seen the owner in here and he is a young scottsdale trust fund baby that just thinks if you throw enough money on your decor and provide `` organic '' kale in your salad you have an awesome spot everyone will have to go to . this arrogant attitude permeates the staff and none of the experience felt anything like `` service . '' ca n't wait for this place to inevitably fail on the backs of their immature and horrible attitude towards customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were giving away free pull pork sandwiches . the sandwich was decent . the happy hour prices were not bad either but food selection was bland . the waitress did n't seem happy . if you are down for a cowboy theme place , then you may want to stop on by . it had picnic tables that you would see at a park or something . other than that , there are better places on mill ave .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do they play country music most of the time ? yes . do they have a mechanical bull ? yes . do they have two-step dancing ? yes . but are they a country bar ? not exactly ... moonshine is definitely a country bar with a college town twist . they have a great dance floor and most people are doing the two-step and doing it well . makes me wish i learned more as a kid . the bar also has plenty of bar staff to help you get a drink in a timely manner . this is the best place to go just off mill to have a good time . they are also open on the weekend till 3 am . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped in here on saturday and were unimpressed with just about everything . the everyone was mostly just standing around , they had no drink menus so we basically were flying blind . who does n't have a drink menu ? it was completely dead on the day before an asu game so that was telling . we had half a drink and left . no reason to return here until they get their act together and actually make patrons feel like they are important and not just decor . i doubt this place will make it in an extremely competitive environment and once dierks bentley 's new bar iopens , it should basically wipe this place out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad . we went on a tuesday for a birthday to find some missing coworkers . paid 40 for 5 shots of rum . no mechanical bull and we were 8 of maybe 20 ppl there . plus side is that if u actually want room and lighting to practice line dancing this place has it . it was weird though that there was no bouncer and instead they took your id at the bar ( weird for mill ave anyways ) the staff was decent not too big on convoy and even when it only being 20 ppl i did have to wait a while for the bartender to look my way . i 'd come back for sure but not really awed by it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was n't impressed . walked in on a sunday around 5 . there were 4 people in the bar . bar was dirty . was going to order food but decided against it due to the mess . had the apple pie moonshine . flavor was good . served in a shot glass . i understand it 's a college bar but my friends and i wanted to have a drink not act like retarded frat boys . maybe serve drinks in jars ? this place is probably okay if you 're looking to get drunk on a weekend . not a place to go if you want to sit and catch up with some friends and do a little sunday funday social drinking", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this bar was extremely dirty on the outside , they could use a power wash . the place looks like it 's out of business and their water fountain has no water in it . the inside was under construction while i was there . i wanted to walk out as soon as i stepped in , but i wanted to try the moonshine . i had a beer and some apple pie moonshine , which was ok , nothing special . judging by the outside and inside i did n't want to eat here . i ca n't see how this would be a place to go dancing , it 's really small compared to other country bars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cool space . mediocre service . leaving a lot of money ok the table . 15 % filled late on a fri night . several bar seating areas empty . nice patio . good tvs behind the main bar . main bartender ( rico ) is friendly but slow and needs another job .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "terrible food , most of food is cold when handed out , even if you get it re-heated or even heated for the first time , do n't always get all your food , over priced , even happy hour prices are expensive . i thought even after the first time it would be better , that thought was wrong , it was way worse . slow service . sticky floors , broken bathroom stalls men and women used .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new moonshine is amazing ! this place was so fun to go to and i 'm impressed with what their new staff and sevice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "craziest experience ever in a bar . the door men bouncers forbid me from leaving through the front door . i was standing there and they refused to let me leave . told me i had to go through some non-existent back door and threatened violence if i did n't comply . i had to jump the fence on the patio . i literally felt like they would assault me if i tried to leave the bar . crazy . do not go here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not a big fan of chain restaurants , but i make an exception for cora 's . like most chains , the service at cora 's can be spotty but the food is pretty consistently good . the menu is varied enough so that there 's something for everybody , whether their breakfast preference is savory or sweet . i also like the fact that they offer fresh fruit that includes stuff other than the usual sad slice of unripe honeydew that you find at most cheap n ' cheerful breakfast joints . the only down point ( and it 's a minor one at that ) , is their bizarre menu layout . all the menu items are in this bizarre hand-drawn font that makes it difficult to find what you 're looking for . but , really , that 's not a huge deal . it 's breakfast , it 's good , it 's cora 's", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our experience was not good . bad service . 1 ) the host got moody when we did not like the table at the door and asked for a booth ( we were three people ) . 2 ) i ordered peppermint tea and got green tea . ( i kept drinking it , thinking why does it taste weird until i saw the packaging ) . 3 ) we ordered a wrap with fruit that was okay ... but then we asked a side plate that never arrived . 4 ) we ordered a `` strawberry smoothie '' , that did n't arrive . we asked for it again and orange smoothie was brought . we reminded that we ordered strawberry , they answered `` today we only have orange-mango '' . well , then why did you take an order for strawberry ! ? 5 ) kids meal was supposed to have scrambled eggs , tomatoes , fruit and bacon . the plate looked depressing : about 2 tsp egg , 1 tiny bacon piece and 4 huge tomato slices covering the whole plate . will not return to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i recently won a free brunch @ coras ... was very excited to finally try it out with my 3yr old son as it looked like a healthy place for brunch . i was impressed with the fact that they cut up the grapes in the kids breakfast ... good thought so the kids do n't choke , very important . however ... .i was not impressed with the pulled pork sandwich i ordered ... worst pulled pork i 've ever had . the mocha coffee was small and tasted like there was no chocolate involved at all ... also , the carrot and celery sticks came to us already stuck into a dish of thousand island dressing ... .what if you do n't like that kind of dressing ? ? ? all in all , i am glad i was n't paying for that visit and i wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great presentation , ambiance and the food is fine . but the price is what disappoints . $ 30+ for a breakfast for two , and that 's the minimum . perhaps its better to visit cora 's for brunch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to cora 's for breakfast after bragging to my sister how awesome cora 's was . big mistake ! food was tasteless , warm at best and i did n't know eggs could be that small . we had bacon , pork , eggs , beans and three large slices of tomato . why so much tomato is beyond me . the home fries were under cooked and some were nearly burnt . one of the worse breakfast i 've ever had . been there few times before but had signature dishes . guess that was the mistake . should have not order bacon and eggs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have had one out of three breakfasts here that was good . you 'd think a breakfast restaurant could do poached eggs ! no . second time , too hard ; third time , runny and full of vinegar . coffee , tasteless . potatoes not crisp . not a very big crowd at breakfast time last week , either . wonder why .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , i 'm surprised by the `` love it or hate it '' reviews . maybe this location is better than the rest ? yes , it 'll cost ya $ 20 for breakfast ... but i figure all that fresh fruit is worth it . i 'd never even heard of a `` chinese lantern '' cherry before , so i got fed and learned something . as for lineups , i 've only gone at opening time ( 6am ) on weekdays , so seating ai n't been an issue . love the free copies of the star . the staff are cheerful ( which is quite a feat at that hour ) . i enjoy the variety ... .from an omelette inside a crepe to a poached egg on toast ( memories of childhood ! ) and did i mention the fruit ? ? my only qualm ... i feel guilty eating so much fruit that is clearly not locally sourced . alas , if only farmers could grow grapefruit in ontario !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why would anyone want to eat at this ridiculous place ? the prices are sky high - $ 8 for two eggs ! ! , and it took them 15 minutes to make , or longer , i am not sure because i walked out , having worn out all the patience in the world for two eggs sunny side up . and if you do n't like cheese ... good luck , every stupid item on the menu has either swiss or cheddar stuffed in it somewhere . really , your precious time and hard earned money deserve better than to be spent here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looking for a brunch place around the area and cora was recommended . food was ok. would i go back ? no . would i recommend this place no . however , on a better note my server was lovely but the food did not look authentic and it also looked nothing like the pictures in the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is n't a good sign . i had breakfast here with 5 friends 1 week ago , and i pretty much forget the whole experience . random memories ; this place was big ! service was decent . food was mediocre . fruit looked good , but was disappointing . a friend had the `` raspberry 4 lucie '' , which looks a lot better on the menu . his looked like an item from pillsbury . ( see my photo ) we included this place on our list of `` places to try '' out of a feeling of responsibility , but we definitely do n't feel the need to go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "going to cora 's feels like an outing for me . partly because i have to go out of the way but also because of how enormous this place is . unlike many other brunch places , cora 's gives you a full plate with fruit , usually in some beautiful arrangement . the food is quite good . i love getting the moccha but it 's small . however : it is expensive . always packed , and you have to wait to be seated , often quite a while they shuffle you in and out , due to how crowded it is all in all , going to cora 's is a good experience , but definitely not a weekly place for the avid bruncher ( unless you are loaded ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent breakfast , better staff . i get the 10 star - basically a noah 's ark ( two of every animal ) of meat in an omelette . everyone is insanely nice here and they always make a point of making you feel welcome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some great things here but mostly it just skates by . the fruit is extremely fresh , comes in big portions , and comes with every dish so that 's really cool . the waffles , although nothing to write home about , taste delicious with custard - we do n't do that in the states but dammit we should . what is n't cool are the small portions of non-fruit food , such as the crepes . for 10-12 dollars i expect a slightly larger portion of food and less fruit . service was friendly and food was served quite quickly so do n't be scared if there 's a long line .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the breakfast is pretty standard , but the prices are almost double what you 'd pay for breakfast at a similar restaurant that might not specialize in breakfast . the fresh fruit and presentation are above average , but for a restaurant with a cafeteria-meets-denny 's aesthetic and relatively unexceptional menu offerings , it seems a bit overpriced and underwhelming . that said , service was pleasant and orders were delivered efficiently .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was great and had original and fresh menu items . we ate there three times on our trip to toronto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love coras this location is an exception . expect long line ups and always a packed house . the line ups are long but it does move along fast . it is very rowdy place so expect loud people running around like the staff to get your food out . the portions are filling and the fruit is tasty . you can actually specify what fruit you want if you are the picky type . the smoothies are delicious i usually opt for the the coras special or the battered sausage rolls plate . very delicious . i do plan to come back often just wish they open longer as its packed house at all hours of the time . the place is clean and tidy and sign up for their newsletter theres usually coupons you can use and they give you a free something on your birthdays week which is a treat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here with a few friends . it was ok. nice and bright and cheery , very busy . food took a while to get to us . waiter was fine . nothing really to complain about , food was decent , it looked pretty . but i was n't so impressed that i would bother waiting in line to get in ever again . i think of better places for breakfast in the city .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just this wonderful place to have brunch every day , great food , nice coffee , really healthy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible service , and an overall disappointing cora 's . do n't get me wrong , cora 's ( in general ) is one of the best breakfast places . however the one on carleton is the worst one i 've ever been too . i 've been here twice now . the first time , the food took a long time ( the restaurant was not very busy ) and one of the dishes was disappointingly sparse and looked nothing like the pictures ( which is a major disappointment considering it 's cora 's ) . the second time i came we waited over 15 minutes for someone to come take our order , once again the place was not busy . i usually highly recommend cora 's but i would highly recommend avoiding this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing amazing ! love the food , excellent service . and a great selection of breakfast classics next to some fresh alternatives : ) would def recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was shocked to come here at 10 am on a saturday to get seated immediately . at any uptown location , by 10 am i would have had to wait at least a half hour due to the crowds that would have formed by then . goes to show you the difference in weekend waking hours south of bloor . i had the eggs benny with brie which was decent , except that the brie felt a bit dry and old in a not-so-good way . the explosion of delicious fruit really helped to cut the grease and calorie dense yolk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried twice . the part i like is that most of the options , the food goes with lots of fruits , kinda healthy ( which is also the reason why i choose to come ) . however , it is also because of the fruits that i do n't like there . fruits in general are too raw , every fruits taste so sour that i can barely finish . restaurant was packed , and waiters were a bit slow . i ordered bottomless coffee and most of time i need to call them twice to fill up my cup .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cora 's is your standard breakfast chain , convenient to our hotel but nothing to write home about . we ordered the eggs benedict and crepes . it was just okay- the crepe was gummy and the filling was piled in the center so i had to open it and spread things around . the eggs benedict were overdone but not terribly overdone . if you are in a hurry or just want to get the job done with food , this is a decent choice . however , there are so many wonderful places within walking distance i would be hard pressed to choose cora 's again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing place ... people forget its around . i make all my breakfast meetings eat here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great place ! my boyfriend and i stopped in for breakfast . we do n't go out to eat much and usually go to vegan places but could n't find any open early so we went here . we were pleasantly surprised ! lots of options and the waiter helped me make sure i did n't have anything with dairy . many options with fruit . i had a crepe with fruit and my boyfriend had a crepe and french toast with some fruit too . i also had a fruit cocktail to drink . all of it was delicious . i could n't even finish my breakfast , it was a very large serving . the waiter was kind and not overly friendly ( which i like , i hate it when they are super friendly ) . the service was fast . the prices seemed a bit higher than i would expect but not crazy expensive . it 's decent for `` once in a while '' . i liked the decor , it was very cheery . i would definitely recommend if you 're looking for a place with delicious breakfast options !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cora 's is a classic brunch spot , and definitely one of the best food chains for sure . their brunch options like omelettes and crepe are deliciously made and are all very good quality . prices are very fair for the size of the meals . this location is a good size and vey conveniently located and easy to get to by ttc 504 college streetcar or walking from college subway . definitely a great spot to go if you have a good appetite ! definitely try their variety of smoothies they 're all quite good !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always busy and always a line to pay so that only means one thing ! ! this place is great drove 30 min to get here before we head to the airport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to preface , i am a pescepollotarian , and so brunch places , while i do love , are sometimes complicated because i always need to substitute or order a vegetarian meal ! so after a long time at looking at the menu , i decided to get a meal that had bacon and sausage in it . i asked the server if they did substitutions , and he asked me `` meat for meat ? ! `` , like what else would i be substituting ? so i asked for the bacon to be turkey sausage and the server asked if the other sausage would be pork or turkey , like of course it would n't be pork , like why would somebody have ordered 3 turkey and 3 pork sausages ! other than that specific instance , the server was pleasant , and the atmosphere was very casual and bright . i would definitely recommend this place for brunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do enjoy the food but the service is not adequate . this morning there was a long line for a table yet there were lots of empty tables . when i asked the hostess at the front about this she told me we had to wait for a server to come seat us . we left instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "once upon a child on steeles at dufferin is a great store if you are looking for 2nd hand children 's clothes , furniture , strollers etc . their selection is great . whenever we go there , we always find what we had in mind on the drive over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perfect way to save a few dollars , or make a few dollars . and conveniently located at the south east corner of dufferin & steeles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dad passed away last may not long after returning home from health south . he was released from health south after losing 18 pounds at the facility , had a urinary tract infection and pneumonia . he was sent to the emergency room within hours of returning home and never recovered . being out of state , i depended on the case manager , lisa schwimmer , to keep on top of the care he was receiving . we were so unhappy the response we were receiving , that we met with lisa 's supervisor , natasha buhrman-kleier , with not much of a resolution . his doctor , dr. ramaswamy was , in our opinion , incompetent . i need to get this off my chest and want to warn whoever reads this to be very aware of the care your loved one receives .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's going to be hit and miss . there are some excellent therapists in the mix of staff there . there are , however , some crooked practices and some very incompetent therapists as well . you will notice many students there . you can take on a lot more clients with all the interns . this enables therapists to have huge caseloads and basically have students be free therapists for them . there are therapists who let students take their entire caseload and supervise minimally or not at all . watch how they bill you . if you are in a therapy `` group '' , i.e . you and another patient are on exercise bikes or 6 patients with you , your insurance still may be billed as if you were given individual therapy . at least one manager at the facility is aware of this stuff being done . some students see 30+ patients a day . hopefully you get a good therapist when you roll the dice and go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place helped save my life . i spent 22 days in icu after a car accident . then 8 days on the hospital floor . after 30 days in bed on a liquid diet i could barely walk . i wanted to go home but i knew i could n't . health south was a great experience . they helped me get myself back together . i still wear the green band i earned after racing my walker in the hallway to earn permission to use the bathroom by myself . i 've never met so many people who loved their jobs and genuinely cared about me , the client patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this faciliy was my second choice and i 'm so happy my first choice was not available . awesome facility . the staff is amazing - when the wait staff came to introduce themselves to me and welcome me to their care , i was truly impressed . i want to take the doctor 's dr. bob & dr. higgins with me for my 24 hour personal care . they have been extremely helpful , compassionate and knowledgeable . their care helped me to improve so i could go home quicker . i love the assigned case manager to ensure current care and after care is complete . case mgr makes doctor appts , any outpatient therapy , insurance issues - nadine definitely phenomenal , through & helpful . you wo n't regret coming here . and i ca n't say thank you enough to the pt 's , ot 's , rn 's & cna 's . my personal favorite - shana , jovi , lauren , mia and katie . ( katie - thank you for your focus in my pt and your compassion during my melt down ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! i stayed almost two weeks after a bad car accident . each and every person of the staff from nurses to the cafeteria were amazingly helpful , considerate and nice . anytime you have a situation where you need rehabilitation , you should go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great help for my nephew", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place , they treated my mom very well . the nurses are nice very friendly everyone had a smile . the cafeteria food i thought it would be all healthy and flavorless , but it was good and a mixture of healthy and unhealthy ( to my surprise ) the only bad thing is that there was ants in the cafeteria on the tables this is for me the only issue ! hense the 4 stars otherwise it would be 5 stars", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if yo do not mind using negative reinforcement on your dog ( i.e . shock collar ) , than mp k9 is for you . the `` master trainer '' is or was associated with another gsd cgc training facility called goldstar . among many in the german shepherd dog community , this is someone most would avoid . do your research as there are many good trainers in the las vegas valley . watch out for the shilled reviews ( reviews all posted on the same day ) . german shepherd advocate", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i turned to this company as a last resort for my dog . the techniques used were very negative . i asked to try more positive techniques first but the instructed refused . the instructor cancelled at the last minute . i would try to see what other options are out there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just picked up my pup from a week of training boarding . her demeanor and self-control is already noticeably different . we 're continuing on to a month of protection service training . thus far , i feel that greg and his staff have the knowledge and application to train my dog efficiently for her job in our family unit . i 'm very excited to see the ultimate results and will update my review after completion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gregory has been absolutely amazing with the training of our gsd ! we recently adopted a second gsd from vegas shepherd rescue and are eager to start his training with mp k9 ! if you are looking for the best dog trainer in the las vegas area gregory is the one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg was referred to me by a friend who had problems with a german shepard . he helped me with my rescued welsh corgi . the first one just passed his canine good citizen test and we 're about to start working with the second corgi . he 's effective with big dogs and small dogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after losing our american german shepherd , we got a german german shepherd . big difference . our xephyr came from a line of very intelligent dogs , and to not allow her to use that intelligence would be a dishonor to her . thankfully , we were given a business card for mp-k9 training . after calling and meeting with greg , we decided on training her to be a service animal . xephyr and i trained with jaymi and he has been a fantastic teacher trainer for both of us . we have continued with the group classes which are such a bonus , and we learn something new at every class . mp-k9 will work with you to help you have a well trained , socialized canine and with that comes a lifelong relationship with you and your best friend . a well trained animal makes for a happy animal and a happier household . best investment we have ever made !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg helped train me to train my dog . the knowledge i 've learned from greg is priceless . i was reluctant but decided anyways to get the full executive level dog training with greg and was in complete surprise . i was surprise how quickly i learned to teach my dog everything i 've always wanted . he is friendly and great to work with . do you have dog issues ? call greg at mpk9 and those issues will be of the past .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rod has been working with my dog shorty in the san francisco bay area . shorty is a four-year-old yorkie terrier mix with established bad habits . rod established a good bond with shorty , with a firm but loving gentle hand right from the beginning . he has been updating me on shortys progress , which already shows promising results ! they are working on basic commands on and off leash , socialization as well as food possession . he is experienced , competent , patient and loving . i would highly recommend rod . ca n't wait to update with the final results !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably the funkiest place to have a manicure or pedicure in montreal . once you are seated on your massage chair , they get you a cup of tea and you watch a movie while they work on your feet . you can also opt for a fish pedicure where small fish feast on your dead feet skin ... not for the faint hearted even though it does not hurt ( it actually tickles , epecially at the beginning ) . moreover , their nail polish lasts for weeks but you have to allot time to the process ( two hours for a pedicure and one hour for a manicure )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in desperate need of a pedicure and tried here because of the positive reviews . i have been back for a second pedicure with tina . very happy with the service and results , very central location , comfy spa chairs with massagers abd movies . its a nice break from my work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing quality price ratio . i 've been to several different nail salons across montreal and this one 's hard to beat in terms of quality vs price . amazig hand massage , nice selection of colours in gel too ! pedicures and body services , massages etc ... they play movies and you can pay interac . not much better out there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little nail salon . the employees are very kind and do a great job . we had a hard time finding it - for those that do n't know , it is underground in the shopping center . you can find the escalator down by entering near the church on the left .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lady that runs this place is bloody rude . she tries rushing you when making a decision . first off , this place is really over priced for what it is . a mani pedi is $ 65 - wtf ! this place is n't a proper spa , it 's a nail salon . i understand that it 's location is in a mall but we 're from toronto and salons in toronto do n't even cost this much plus their taxes are higher . anyway , i ended up ending a mini version which was $ 15 cheaper . the only reason why i 'm giving it a 3 star was because my nail technician was the absolute cutest and really detailed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so happy they had time for me to pop in tonight . decided to treat myself while my family took in the canadiens game . the service i received , the quality of products used and the attention to detail made me feel like a queen . this will be my go-to whenever i am in this lovely city !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i see by the reviews that we are not the only people having the same issues . we just found out that for months now , the alarm is not even communicating with the alarm company , so when it is triggered , it does absolutely nothing ! so basically we are paying a monthly fee for no reason . so we called to have it fixed and they said it will take 5 minutes and it will cost $ 125 for them to fix their own equipment ? complete rip off ! do not use this company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "about 4 months ago we started a family business , and it was important to us to secure the location and protect our valuable business equipment . when we called avs they understood our needs and set up an appointment with their security consultant , jennifer . jennifer came on site and recommended great afforadable solutions . on the day of the installation jennifer was there to tell the technician exactly how we wanted everything set up and walked us through the smart phone app . over all we are very pleased with avs and feel safe knowing our business is secure ! fingerprinting ink", "score": "5"}
{"review": "~almost 5 years here in las vegas , nevada . i can not begin to stress my thankfulness and how safe i have felt after bob bowers and his crew installed honeywell 2-gig security system . american video & security has gone out of their way for with unbelievable kindness . sara in the office with the sweetest disposition . nicola oakie who was so unbelievably helpful and extremely knowledgeable about the company . she answered all my questions and cleared any confusion i had . i just love my american video & security family here in las vegas . i wish i could take them with me back home to texas . bob bowers you were there from the beginning to the end ... so unbelievably grateful my friend . thank you ! five stars across the board for american security & video , las vegas , nv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend avs to anyone looking to have a home protection system installed . my sales rep - jennifer tagle - is extremely knowledgeable about their system and what would work best for my house . i feel as though prices are competitive but what really got me is the customer service . mike c was my installer and he was very thorough and explained the state of the art digital screen to me . it looked very complex at first but once explained became quite simple . so many options - i can even arm the system from my phone - how great is that ! this company is as good as it gets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as an owner of a new restaurant the flame broiler , i contacted avs to install cameras and an alarm system . i am very happy with the process from start to finish . they were very professional and made sure that i was completely satisfied with the work , which i was . i would definitely recommend this company to any business considering installing a security system .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had a proposal done for my company that sells widgets and could n't be happier . i signed up for the basic burglar alarm system along with a small camera system that will now give me control for the graffitti problem i have been having . the young lady that came out was very professional and helpful as she explained how the app was going to work on my phone so i do n't have to wait for the central station to call me after the alarm activates . thanks avs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing to write home about , nor is there anything to complain about . everything at ming home is consistently average , but sometimes that can be a blessing -- because you know what you 're going to get each and every time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered delivery chicken egg foo young and crab rangoon it was cold and the crab rangoon was over cooked . the chicken foo young was disgusting there was some kinda canned chicken that taste like tuna it was dark colored and very very soft . my meal was completely ruined . the worst chinese food i 've ever had . only positive is that the delivery guy was expedite and the sprite washed down the nasty meat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "recently started trying this place . it 's the go to place for chinese food now . staff is great and it 's always fresh hot food . you can even watch them cooking it in front of you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequent this place often let 's just say i did , please make sure you add up your bill according to the menu i was over charged 7 $ last time i was there , it could have been a mistake maybe maybe not ! i wonder how many other times i was over charged.. so pay attention to your bill if you go to this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little take out chinese place . no real competition in the area but they do n't slack on the quality . ingredients always taste fresh . just wish they had a full menu online or to pick up but i guess those things cost some money . i feel they would do great with all of the condos in the area if only ppl new it was there", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to update as it 's been a few years & since my first review i 've been here at least 15 times . every single time we 're blown away at how amazing the food & ambiance is . we always bring our out of town visitors here & they ca n't get over the food either . we 've been to steakhouses all over the valley & none compare ( especially in price ! ) where else can you get a full steak meal that is 5 star quality for $ 22 ? ! i also love that i can usually always get a reservation even if last minute . love this place so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still the best bartender ever - get brent to make you a caramel appletini - you 'll thank me later . we like to sit at the bar when we eat here - but the dining room is also quite cozy . last time we both had the filet grilled shrimp entrees with bearnaise sauce , mashed potatoes and we shared the creamed spinach . everything was wonderful . it 's also a great deal - not shocking as they 'll get your $ $ $ in the casino , right ? definitely recommend . suggest making a reservation as they 're typically pretty booked on weekend evenings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i came here for our wedding anniversary on a referal from a friend . and i have to say , it was a great choice ! i got the lamb chops and my husband got the elk tenderloin ... i have never eaten such amazingly prepared food in my life ! and for the price ... i may ask to go back for my birthday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is very deserving of a five star rating . several times throughout our dinner reservation , we were surprised by the pride they take in their craft . from the chef sent filet mignon taster to the raspberry sorbet pallet cleanser to the moment we walked out was pure excellence . our steak was cooked as ordered and tasted as good as in my dreams . i ca n't wait to go back and try more of their menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "line for the buffet was too long so we went to cholla . service was excellent even though it was our waiters second day . we received an amuse bouche of tenderloin with two sauces which was delicious . drinks refilled promptly , the manager stopped by often to check on us . will definitely be back as the food was excellent ! 7-13-16 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who would of thought a casino would have a delicious steak house ? ! ! ! ! when our navigation directed us to the casino we thought we were lost but we were n't . the food was very delicious more than what we expected . also the service here was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we actually stood up from the table and clapped for the chefs ! literally the food is unbelievable and walking through the floor of the casino getting to it we did n't expect a 10th of the spectacular meal we had . with hand cleaning clothes and palette cleaning sorbet this was complete class and a full dinner for three , including apps , steaks and dessert only came to $ 97 . i was floored and to applaud the chef again . do n't let the smokey casino stop you from hitting this little hidden treasure . honestly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gem inside of a casino az ... wow ambiance , service of top notch restaurant and price unbeatable . fillet was amazingly tender , taste like $ 50 steak instead of $ 22 with 2 amazing sides . i do n't want to share because place is small , roomy but they only put couple tables in so privacy , great place for a date night you can wow your date : ) they even brought pallet cleanser sorbet . nice touch : ) and even though we had no room for their fantastic looking desert they gave us home made strawberry truffle thing , awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how could i not give 5 stars when i get served a piping hot bloody and well seasoned ribeye over garlic mashed with broccolini , all for $ 20 . first they start with chewy artisan bread with butter and an amazing pesto dip . then they finished me with 2 tiny but delicious macaroons that were cold and yummy . no way you say , ca n't be right ? i have paid ruth chris , peter lugar outrageous sums for their steak that 's triple this , and i am coming back here for more . chollo 's is nicely tucked in casino arizona , its quiet with just the right sound level of jazz music , service 5 star with the bartender knowing his menu well . this has got to be a secret , and one of scottsdale & phoenix besr steakhouse ! i salute you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with a friend to dinner on 6 30 2017 . would have ordered a steak but the waiter suggested the large porterhouse dinner for two for $ 49.95 which included two ceasar salads , two sides each and a good size porterhouse . we ordered it medium but it came medium rare which was fine ... ... ... ... it was delicious ! for dessert we shared the creme brulee ( $ 7.50 ) which came with a flourless chocolate cake layer underneath and some berry decoration.it was good but not great . the serving was too small to share which was not expected since most desserts are usually too much for one person . all in all a really enjoyable dinner with excellent service for a very reasonable price . would definately go again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here last night with my girlfriend when we were looking for a nice place to eat a upscale meal , and we were not disappointed . not in the least . the meal was fantastic and the price was beyond fair . i felt almost criminal leaving there only paying what i did for the food and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was outstanding ! ! ! our waiter dustin was very attentive . took the , wife out for her birthday and they remembered the note i placed when i booked the reservation . we had filet mignon , the wife , and i had the ribeye . both just melted in your mouth . we 've eaten at ruth chris for her birthday in the past , and they have nothing on this place . a lot less expensive than ruth chris also . we will be returning in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lisa d i had out-of-town company and needed a restaurant that was a midway point between north phoenix and mesa . i have been to casino arizona many times to dance in their lounge so i was very surprised to find a 5 star restaurant at their location , well i have to tell you what a wonderful find . the food was amazing , the service superb and the level of detail so refreshing . the wonderful little goodies in-between courses was such a nice touch . four of us had chateaubriand ( mine was rare the other was medium rare ) and it was the best steak i have ever eaten . now i am a bonafide foodie - big time . my husband and i are going back often . but i tell you you better make reservations because this is not a large restaurant and with food this good at an unbelievably reasonable price it is packed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband took me here for our 5th anniversary and we were speechless . gourmet meal from start to finish ! the specialty breads , sorbet , sides & chocolates were delicious additions to the chorizo stuffed dates , which were delectable , the strip , which was perfection , and the delightful creme brule with fresh berries . this chef is world class and the service was top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a business dinner on monday night . the place is super cute and relaxing . the dining call is connected to the cooking area so you can actually see chef . we ordered of $ 39 prix-fixe menu and were pleasantly surprised with the amount and quality . the food was excellent even it took a little bit longer to come out , but again 16 people ordered steak so ... my coworkers were pleased with service as well . we definitely will be back next year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my loved one to celebrate our anniversary , our first time here and loved it . we arrived around 5:30 we made a reservation beforehand . there was about two other people , but soon enough filled up . the food and service just about sealed the deal . great place to dine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for my birthday dinner after reading the reviews and it most definitely lived up to the hype ! service was amazing , the prices were amazing and the food was to die for ! my husband and i both ordered the filet mignon and both were cooked perfected . we had the creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e also and it was the best i 've ever had ! i could rave on and on about this place but i think you get the point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cholla is amazing ! my husband and i have been here a few times now , and we have never been disappointed . their staff is always very attentive and friendly , and the food is delicious . we will absolutely be returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading all 5 reviews , i had to try it . the food was awesome at reasonable price . good service , ruth chris prime quality meat at half the cost . will be back for sure . we got the chateu filet for two with mashed potatoes , carrots and broccolli . all items wre good and we both loved the mashed potatoes over the gratin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the chateaubriand for two - fabulous - tender & cut like butter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best steakhouse i 've ever been to . service excellent , food quality excellent , and all for an unbelievable price . if you live in the valley you really need to try this gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well worth it ! ! ! my new favorite steak house . it was a very good ecperience . calling ahead for reservations is a", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just returned from a wonderful steak supper at the cholla . service impeccable , great atmosphere . one of the best steak suppers we have ever had , the strip steak.and fillet cooked to perfection . all employees handled their jobs with pride and perfection . do not hesitate to try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dinner i 've ever had in the phoenix area ! it 's my new favorite restaurant and we will be back a lot ! service was great and the food was absolutely amazing ! we went for my birthday and got a free prickley pear cheesecake . there was so many little surprises throughout dinner like a sample of filet mignon , lemon sorbet , tasty bread , delicious cornbread and raspberry chocolate . we would have easily paid twice the amount for this dinner . it 's a great affordable , romantic and awesome place to eat dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place to have a wonderful meal . we drive from the other side of town at least twice a month ! ! the staff is amazing and always make us feel welcome ! ! every person we have told about cholla has loved it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place i recommend it to everyone . the food is delicious ca n't wait to go back . great surprise for my fianc\u00e9 on valentine 's day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love this place . so cozy . the food is fabulous and the prices are great . sammy was the best server !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family went to this restaurant specifically because of the yelp review and were very pleasantly confirmed on our desire for a moderately priced steakhouse . there were 5 of us and we all ordered steaks of all kinds and each was impeccably seared and flavored . all the little touches of great service and special touches was great ! they brought out sample nuggets of filet mignon , specialty breads and little nuggets of lemon sorbet to start , then after the fabulous dinner brought scrumptious little nuggets of raspberry chocolate dessert , all complementary touches that were very classy . one of the best features was how quiet the restaurant was , we were able to hear each other , a lot of steakhouses are crowded and noisy making the experience more about the food and not the conversation . this was a wonderful experience ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw the good ratings and went for dinner on a business trip . i did n't realize it was in a casino , and i hated the setting . had to walk through a smoke filled casino to get to a tiny restaurant , with a long line of people waiting for the buffet next door blocking the door . the food was a great bargain ! got lamb chops and so-so creme brulee for only $ 30 . they gave us a taste of the filet and sorbet the cleanse the pallet . the lamb chops were very nice . if you do n't mind the setting , you can get a great deal here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place , the food is amazing and the prices even better the service is outstanding ... ..we will become regulars ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has awesome food and the best bartender in town ! if it was n't for brent the bartender the lounge would not be the same ! brent is what makes the lounge the best lounge in town !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1 word ... . outstanding ! ! my wife and i had the 32oz porterhouse special for 2 . we received 2 caesar salads , and 2 sides a piece . all top notch . this is a must try ... . if looking for a fine steakhouse with a reasonable price .. this is the place to go . sami was our waiter and he was excellent ! we are definitely coming back when in this area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great steak with very reasonable prices . i had the filet with prawns and 2 sides for $ 26 what a great value . comes with homemade breads and pesto garlic dip , and bacon corn bread . the only downside is very small restaurant and you can hear the casino slots ringing during your whole meal . will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had the pleasure of dining here on saturday evening to celebrate our son 's high school graduation . we were thrilled with not only the fantastic food , but the service was first class . our only regret is that after living in the valley for over 40 years and experiencing inconsistencies with the local 5 star establishments ... that we never came here ! ! the food was delicious ( we had filet mignon , rib eyes and salmon ) and the service was wonderful . yes , as per some of the prior reviews , walking through the smoke filled casino is a bit of a negative , but we felt it was well worth the two minute breath holding . they also ( without request ) presented our son with a lovely congratulations slice of cake ( i mentioned it was his graduation dinner when i made the reservation because i was a little concerned with timing and possibly being late ) . this will be our new place to come on a frequent basis ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for dinner last night . we were slightly hesitant since we usually go to the more popular steakhouses in the valley . completely blown away ! ! the steaks were cooked perfectly and amazing flavor . the sides and appetizers were generous and delicious . the staff was extremely attentive and made the experience wonderful . this will definitely be a regular spot for us !", "score": "5"}
